If a lady is married and gets married again without a divorce, who made the mistake?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
Which all are the famous temples in India where non-Hindus can get married?
Do women find it titillating to have sex with a married man?
Is it necessary for a widow to stay at her in-law’s house?
What is Tejasvita Apte's view on fake dowry allegations against men?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
How will my life be if I marry a lieutenant in the Indian Navy?
Is it too difficult for an Indian woman to live independently after divorce?
In a general sense, what should I expect from being married to a Georgian (as in the country next to Turkey)?
What is your story as a married daughter (Indian parents)?
How can I strongly and willingly get out of a co dependent marriage?
Is it required for ladies to get their names changed (gazette) after marriage and during a fresh passport application?
My wife gets highly offended when I ask. Is it normal to want some personal time in a marriage for hobbies or alone time (3-4 hours a week)?
Should I say yes to an arranged marriage with a guy who earns half of what I earn?
What is it like to be married to a scientist?
What are some examples of mistakes girls have made throughout their marriage, starting from the beginning (related to their partner, in laws & parents)?
What would you choose, to go vagabonding for two years or to get stabilized, marry and have kids?
What documentation changes will marriage under the Hindu Marriages Act, 1955 make, in context of an Aadhar card, PAN card, etc.?
What do you do when you are forced into a marriage? Do you leave the person or compromise?
What is the easiest way to forget your husband's pornographic chats with other girls?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
How can I live after the untimely demise of my spouse?
What are the traditions of Iraqi weddings?
What does an officer at USCIS know, or can find out, about you before a marriage interview?
What is the trending fashion in marriage?
When and how do I tell my husband I'm pregnant?
How can you be sure the one you are going to marry is the one?
What things should you discuss with your to-be partner before marriage?
Is an IAF servant allowed to be a live-in without marriage?
Why do mothers change their perspective towards their married son?
Are men in industrialized cultures really as much manipulated by women as suggested by Esther Vilar in her book "The Manipulated Man"?
Is being a divorcee becoming a statement in India?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
How often do older couples have sex?
Is Mu'tah marriage permitted in Islam?
Is it better to live alone or have a spouse that causes misery and emotional torment?
How do husbands remain faithful to their wives?
What are the current statistics on divorce?
What are your thoughts of getting married at 19?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Why do married men get attracted to married women?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Are there any cons to not getting married? I would like to hear from an elderly person who didn't get married.
If you are successful then is it necessary to get married?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
What is the minimum time for a Hindu marriage to dissolve if the wife is not willing to divorce?
Will an Irish guy marry a Chinese girl?
Should I convert from Catholicism to Islam in order to marry my Muslim boyfriend so we could have better rights in the UAE and Middle East?
What are the merits and demerits of same age marriage?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
What can you say about an abusive father that walked out of the life of his wife leaving three kids behind?
What is the Christian point of view regarding dating before marriage? Is it sin?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
How do I check Life 360 to see if my husband is faking his location?
Is it okay for a Kashyap Brahmin to marry a Kashyap Bengali girl?
How did Ali Alshamsi meet his wife?
What would be an ideal age to get married?
What would it be like to marry a transgender lady?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
At the age of 22, should I prefer marriage or should I continue my studies?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a handjob?
Why is inter-caste marriage more important than an ideal marriage?
Can arrange marriages lead to the use of drugs?
Can an Indian citizen marry a girl from either the USA, UK, or France? If yes what is the diplomatic procedure to follow?
How did people show that they were married in the middle ages?
Married people of Quora, your spouse turns into a duck. How do you make your marriage succeed?
Richard I's sister marrying Saladin's brother was discussed during the 3rd Crusade negotiations. What might have happened had they gone through with it?
What do you think about love marriage and arranged marriage?
How do I convince my husband that watching 1 hour of good (simple and beautiful) cartoons would not mentally harm our 2 and 4 year old daughters?
Are spinsters (childless women who have never married) the minority?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can Priyanka Chopra marry a poor person like me?
Can married daughters claim their fathers’ property if the father died before the Hindu Succession Act of 2005?
What is the meaning of “It's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
What is it about married men who interact a lot with unattached, attractive women on Facebook? Should their wives get concerned?
What are some difficult situations you've dealt with married to a US Marine?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
Is it better to leave a cheating husband even if you have a 3 year old kid?
How should I resolve a conflict between myself and my family about my future marriage?
Is it possible to save someone from a narcissists grasp (a marriage to one)?
Do a lot of marriages fail these days because people get in with the wrong motives? What then are the right motives for getting married?
Would you let your wife stay friends with her ex-boyfriend(s)?
Were marriage solemnization laws stricter at one time that the officiant had to be either a religious leader (priest/minister/rabbi) or a judge?
A husband brought home flowers for his wife every day but it turned out that he picked cemetery flowers. What would you do if you were his wife?
How can you deal with a proud wife?
If I have a wife, can I have a waifu?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Did all great people in the world have a happy married life?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Can I get married and do a separate filing secretly without my parents finding out? My dad handles my taxes, so would he notice anything?
How often do most married couples in their 20s have sex, and how frequently should they to keep both parties happy?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
What was George T. Sampson's wife and child’s name?
What do we call a man whose wife is alive in Hindi?
How can a Muslim revert find a husband?
How should one react after finding out that one’s husband has had an affair in the past?
How would it be if, instead of a married couple (usually) taking the last name of the man, their last names were mixed with one half of one name and one half of the other name?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
Would you marry someone who has a lower salary than you?
Are toxic in-laws a deal breaker for a potential marriage?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
How do I stop being afraid of what kind of man I will get in an arranged marriage?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
Is it possible to inherit mother's community for children born out of inter community marriage?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
What would you do if your husband hurt you by worst words?
Is there any rule in SSC AMC that after engagement, you are posted to the single station? For marrying a civilian.
I found my husband on the sex dating site JustBangMe. He said he was just curious if anyone would reply. Is he telling the truth?
I am having trouble expressing my anger and I usually keep it in. Is this normal or this is where it gets when you become adult?
Is ghost marriage real?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
My wife has been caught cheating and divorce is about to be finalized. How do I not fail my daughter as a father if I’m not getting custody of her?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
Is it okay to leave your spouse if you have been miserable with them for a long period of time?
How can someone not realise their partner's abusive & controlling nature before marriage?
According to the Hinduism, is marriage a sin?
What was marriage like during the Middle Ages?
Can Christians perform BDSM if they are married?
What are the 10 things every Indian should know before getting married?
How do I overcome from sadness after the death of spouse?
Is it ok to love someone but not want to marry him?
Is it right to get a divorce? Won't it affect others?
Have you seen a marriage in which the two families including the bride and groom don’t dance? Is this too modern?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
I feel as though I will never get married because of who I am. So, my question is what is the best way to embrace a life of loneliness?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
How can I stop my husband from buying me food that makes me fat without being rude or hurting his feelings?
What are the terms "handfasting", "misyar" and "muta?
Can a Hindu boy marry a Muslim girl in any country?
How often do you contemplate your future wife/husband?
Can I, as an asexual, marry someone and be close to them without sex (more like a friendship)?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Will Hindu society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
Should I quit my PhD to marry?
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
What are we if our great grandparents married each other?
How do parents who believe in arranged marriage set up their children if the children are unattractive?
Why are people so crazy about marriage nowadays in spite of knowing the fact that nearly everyone is a non-virgin and has had an affair before?
Is it a good idea to hyphenate our surnames?
How can I get a divorce without giving my wife a cent when there are no kids involved?
Being a non-Bengali, what should I keep in mind if I want to marry a Bengali girl?
Is it possible for a man to marry a lady older than him?
How many rupees do you need to invest in a court marriage? What are the full details?
What kind of protection do I have as a wife married to a narcissistic possible sociopath husband?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
What is the medical explanation for dumb husband and wife having dumb kids?
At what age, generally, does a male doctor get married?
Do you regret your marriage?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
How will a playboy treat his wife after marriage?
Does my husband have a good chance of getting sole custody?
How much money does a girl need to pay her husband after divorce if she is the sole earner in the family?
What documents are required for a fresh passport application for women after marriage?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
How can you stay with your wife in peace?
What are the signs of a married Muslim guy/man?
Can I date a second cousin once removed?
If Muslims can marry and have love affairs with their cousins, then how come Behn****d is a cuss word among Pakistanis?
For Venezuelan Quorans; how does the situation there affect personal plans? Do people still fall in love, marry, study, or just plan on leaving?
Why is it wrong to have intercourse with another man's wife?
Do you regret your marriage, and why?
Are sexually satisfied women less prone to have extramarital affairs?
Do Jews have a problem with Esther marrying a gentile? If not, why not?
How do closeted men have children with women if they're gay? How do some of them marry women if they have no romantic or sexual feelings for the women?
Why does the Indian marriage system favour women only?
Why should I take care of the parents of my wife?
What should I do if my boyfriend ignores the topic of marriage, but still wants to be in a relationship with me?
How can you ignore your husband in an argument?
Do blow jobs end after marriage?
What are the pros and cons of no sex before marriage?
What should I do if my girlfriend is getting married to someone else because of family pressure? I am dying inside because I lost my life.
Why do people think "Ms." means previously married?
What is the best way to convince modern guys that marriage is useful to them?
Do Chinese men still prefer to marry virgins?
Life after a divorce needs encouraging ideas. What are they?
Why is the amount of alimony directly proportional to the degree of richness of the husband?
Do you agree that the police shouldn't accept the cases where the wife petitions for a case in a police station, without an investigation against the husband?
Is it ok for an unmarried Indian to change religion at the age of 22?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
What will life be like after marriage?
Where can I find single women who are US citizens and willing to marry an H1B candidate?
What should I do if the love of my life is going to get married? Her family is quite wealthy and I can't fight them. They have threatened to harm me as well.
When it comes to arranged marriages, is it fine to hide information about their past relationships, physical relations, and virginity and about their past before the marriage?
Did Aamir Khan use triple talaq when he divorced his first wife, Reena?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
Why does an Indian girl prefer a boy in marriage who earns more than she does? Isn't this pseudo-feminism?
Can I take 50g of jewels and my marriage chain with me to the USA and then return back to India?
How often do you watch porn after marriage?
What is the marriage rate of developed countries?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
If I'm Mexican American and convert to Islam, will it be hard for me to find a husband with the difference in culture?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
Is it alright to expect my husband to share his passwords with me? I have told him all of mine.
What attitudes should people have about living together before marriage?
Which is the best site to check GSB divorcee brides?
Does a husband have rights after a divorce to have part of his ex-wife’s deceased husband's life insurance benefits?
Are there any Madhwa Brahman girls working in Deloitte Bangalore (US India), who are ready for marriage?
What if getting married isn't an escape?
What are good advises I should keep in mind before getting married?
Is look important for marriage?
My friend is going through a bad marriage. Where can she find an affordable psychologist in Toronto?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
What do you think of pre-wedding shoots? Do they hold any importance?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How do I convince my wife that I'm not cheating if I have before?
How do I make my wife happy if she lives in another state?
How do I fall ill on the day of my marriage?
Why do men cheat and lie to their wives? If they want to cheat why don't they just tell their wife or leave?
Can you keep your SSDI when you get married?
How far should I go (distance-wise) to escape my in-laws? No, more seriously, my husband is a only child and his parents are very clingy. What to do?
How do I control and advise a daughter who wishes to go for an intercaste marriage with another community?
Is it common in the Middle East for straight males to engage in sex with other men before they marry a woman?
Will a narcissistic/psychopathic ex husband ruin any future relationships I try to have?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a blowjob?
Is it rape if someone's mom forces him to have sex with his wife?
Have any Indian guys married a Chinese girl? Wouldn't there be a huge cultural disconnect?
In India, during a passport renewal, is it mandatory to give the last name of my wife or can I provide just the first name of my wife?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
After 25 years of marriage, how can I tell if my wife's lack of affection is health related or if it may be time for a divorce?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
What should I do with my wife on bed?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Why does God command you to marry someone who sexually assaulted you?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What are the criteria for becoming an infidel?
What are the different types of marital affairs?
Why is it that North Indian boys always try to dominate their wives after marriage?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
Why was the mut’a marriage system (temporary marriage) formed?
Do Indian parents give an equal education and an equal amount of food to their son and their daughter?
Do majority of Arabs still practicing polygamy?
What are the dos and don’ts a man should maintain to have a healthy, friendly and romantic relationship with his wife, if it's an arranged marriage?
What are your thoughts on the ages of girls being allowed to marry as per the Child Marriage Act?
Why do the people of India think sex is a big deal, not allowing sex before marriage?
How do I clear my confusion about my arranged marriage?
Why do people still marry in spite of their groom/bride being a non-virgin?
What is it like to be married to a Japanese man?
After 13 years of marriage, and with 3 children, is it the right decision to ask for a divorce because of a lack of understanding with your spouse?
Why do female narcissist prefer married men?
What are some good ways to divorce your Asian wife after just 4 months of controlling and cruel behavior?
Can a Buddhist girl marry a Muslim boy?
After a divorce everyone says to "find yourself"? Please elaborate. I am 50 I hope I am sort of found.
If your father is handsome and your mother is ugly, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
When did Meena Kumari get married?
Does women’s libido remain the same with age or there’s some drastic drop after kids are born and many years of marriage?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
How can I ask her father for her hand in marriage if he is orthodox?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Can my wife flash the room servant?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
What is a good response to a question "Why you don't have a boyfriend / husband?"?
If a U.S resident does not own a car, is he considered poor and will have trouble finding a girlfriend/wife?
My age is 24. My parents are forcing me for marriage. But I want to work for 1 year. What can I do?
How much does hiring a detective for pre-marriage investigation costs?
Why is calling your husband by his name considered a taboo by some Indian societies?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
What is the most unrewarding chore that one does for their spouse?
What are common problems men face with their wives after marriage?
Why do Hindu girls hate Hindu boys?
Can I write my husband's surname after my whole name without any documentation?
Is it ok to visit a call girl to satisfy your physical need while you are not married?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
I am a resident of Delhi and got married on 3rd May 2017; we are now about to register the marriage. What is the procedure for a name change?
What is the deep meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
How do I stand up to my narcissistic MIL when I feel I can't be myself around her?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
How should you talk to the father of a boy about him marrying your daughter?
What are the legalities surrounding Mail Order Brides and Husbands?
What can I do to bring back my spouse?
What kind of ring is suitable for marriage?
I am getting divorced because I was not aware of the severity of my PCOS before and my husband thinks I deceived him. Do I deserve this?
Why do men have fantasies about other women, even when they are happily married?
What's the best game to play with my wife?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
How can we get a good spouse?
How can I give a second chance to my marriage?
As a feminist Indian women, can you elaborate on your experience in dating Indian men or meeting prospective grooms for an arranged marriage?
How do you stop hurting and feeling heartbroken for yourself and for your 2 children after a divorce you didn't want?
How can I prevent my husband from cheating on me and the kids?
How do I convince my husband to not have a second child because he wants a son?
In some communities, are gay or lesbian people forced into relationships/marriages?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
If you're a married person, is hugging someone other than your spouse or family taboo?
Do Filipino women date/marry uncircumcised men?
If a wife beats her husband, what should he do?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
Is there any special procedure to divorce a husband who is a judge?
Have you ever thought you should have married your spouse’s sibling instead?
For same-sex couples in conservative countries which do not consider your status as a couple, do you ever feel hopeless in your future?
How long do you talk to a girl before getting married in the Indian arranged marriage system?
Henry is famous for killing wives, but, also, for what else?
Is it too difficult for a woman in India to live her life independently after divorce?
Why does my husband say nasty things to me even after 26 years of marriage?
How should I have sex with my virgin wife on our wedding night?
How does frequent masturbation effect married life?
How many wife's did the Nizam have?
How did divorce affect you? How do you look back at your previous marriage and ex-spouse?
How should I deal with a narcissistic husband?
Would the first lady of America still hold her position if she gets divorced from POTUS?
Is it ok to marry an ex who got a divorce after a marriage of 10 days?
How did you feel on the next day of your marriage?
Who is your favorite "We Got Married" couple?
Is it normal to obsess over your husband's ex when there is nothing going on between them?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
What will my wife get when we divorce after 3 months of marriage?
What are the best questions to ask a guy whom you are meeting for the first time for an arranged marriage to know more about his nature?
How does it feel to marry your teacher?
Can marriage help to attain enlightenment?
In Chinese family culture, why is it usually understood that there tends to be conflict between a man's wife and his mother?
How do I get over the guilty feeling that I have since I decided to live in a separate house than my parents in same city for my wife?
Can wedding officiants do funerals?
What visa does a Sri Lankan citizen need to apply for to be able to marry or study in India?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
I have difference of opinion with my wife. We haven't spoken for more than a year. We live in the same house. Should I go for divorce?
How much I need to pay to become a bride in BBB with Sabyasachi?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
What exactly is a Jocosta complex? Are there any real life examples of such a fixation?
Why should I stay alone & not get married?
As a PR, can you sponsor your elder brother to Canada even though you are married with a kid?
What percent of women remain virgins until marriage?
What are the basics requirements of marriage in Islam?
Do all young parent marriages crash?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
What is wrong about marrying someone you feel nothing for?
How is married life for a female IFS officer?
Is there a marriage museum in your country?
Why in Islam is marriage a legal contract between two persons, while divorce or triple talaq is a matter of faith and based on religious beliefs?
If your spouse doesn't mind if you cheat on him or her, would you cheat?
A friend registered his marriage but he didn’t have a valid proof of address. He paid extra money to the lawyer and got it done. Is the marriage valid in India?
What can I do if my wife hates our country and doesn’t want to live here?
Why wasn't my husband allowed to speak for me at the emergency room? I was barely conscious and couldn't breathe due to pneumonia.
Why is my wife self exploitative and what should I do?
What were the ages that people got married in the 1860's?
How do I get over a divorce from a serial liar?
Why is intercaste marriage so important compared to ideal marriage?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
Where can I find married women that want to have sex?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
Do you think it's possible for mainland China to legalize same-sex marriage?
The person with the most influence on a person is their spouse. Why is there not a requirement for POTUS's spouse to also be a natural-born American?
Should I be involved with married women?
As a Hindu, I want to marry for a second time without divorcing my first wife. Is converting to Islam for namesake the only recourse for me?
In Washington State, what are one's divorce rights if their spouse cheats on them?
What qualities must be seen in a boy before marriage of one’s daughter?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
How does it feel when you see the woman of the house go to work whereas the man does housework?
Do men prefer working wives nowadays?
Why does Catholicism not allow divorce but instead only annulment?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Is there an expiration date for a civil wedding?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Why does a husband stay angry at wife when he is the one who hurts her?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
What is a bride’s price?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
Why is my husband abusing me every day?
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
Was it necessary for Robb Stark to marry Talisa when he did? Couldn’t he have just waited and broke the Frey alliance after their victory?
In what circumstance should I get a divorce?
What should a mother say to her daughter when she is getting married?
What do you do when you believe your husband is cheating?
My husband doesn't like my family to come home. What should I do now?
What are the chances for a marriage to survive when one spouse decides to have a sexless marriage?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
Is it ok to marry a divorcee?
Will a man whose wife cheated multiple times with several men take her back after divorce?
Why do girls let themselves get pregnant without being married?
Where can I get a good doctor to treat my wife?
Do Indian girls reject boys older than than 30 years old for arranged marriages more than younger ones?
If Negi was alive and married Hinata, who would be Naruto's next choice to marry?
Is Shabnam Lone married?
What are the remedies for an incompatible marriage, astrologically?
Would Gordon Miller marry Ali Al Shamsi?
Why didn’t my narcissistic husband want to make love to me?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
Why has my narcissist husband gone no contact with me?
How is life being married to a German woman, as a Muslim man?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
Can you ask for a marriage annulment instead of a divorce in California?
Are there any experienced divorce attorney in Utah who can handle the divorce case professionally?
Is it wrong to marry someone’s husband?
Will there be an effect from marrying a young woman who was born with birth defects? (Her left hand fingers stopped developing from birth.)
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
How should I ask a woman to adjust her habits post-marriage?
How many girls’ parents had health issues when their daughter married a Muslim guy in India?
Is there is secret behind marriage?
Is it ok when a wife with a kid stays permanently in her home, strictly saying no to her in-laws’ home, when the husband is working abroad?
Does pickle decrease love between spouses?
How do the women in a polygamous type of marriage feel?
What is the divorce law in Australia? Who does get the assets?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
How is your experience with your sister in law after marriage?
What might be the problem with me, because I tried many times to impregnate my wife with no results?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Why do people still divorce when they have lived together for a long time before they got married?
What can happen to a person if they don't marry the one they love?
How do I get my husband to sleep in the same room with me?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
Is it okay to ask your spouse for a sexual relationship in your marriage?
Why sleeping with someone's wife so cool?
How is Bhadra depicted as the son of Bhallaladeva, when the wife of Bhallaladeva is not shown?
If a girl gets pregnant, should she and the father of her unborn child get married or is it totally irrelevant?
What are the signs if a Muslim guy/boy/man is married or has already had a wife?
Will the Roman Catholic Church allow a marriage between a Christian guy and a Hindu girl without any conversion?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How do you get what you want in a divorce?
Do you think that married scientists have lower chances of being as good as un-married ones?
How do Indian girls view an affair or relationship with a young, unmarried smoking hot male teacher?
What goes on in the mind of an abusive husband?
What is the online marriage procedure in Pakistan?
If you had to marry a celebrity who was the opposite of the gender you’re normally attracted to, who would you pick?
While going through a divorce, my husband disappeared. Will my divorce be granted with a settlement?
Can a stable society exist where every man is a king and his vassals are his fists?
What is your feeling if your girlfriend’s or your wife’s job salary is more than your salary?
Which type of sex style does a male like after marriage?
What was Patton Oswalt's tweet about his wife and his daughter's resemblance?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
What are the truths hidden from your husband?
Is child marriage illegal in India?
Fellow women, at what age did you accept that you likely were never going to become famous or marry the celebrity crush of your teenage years?
Why is it said that it's a husband's duty to feed his wife and protect her? Why never the other way? Are husband's just worker bees and bodyguards?
Can I marry my maternal aunt's sister while being in a Hindu family?
How can you convince the groom's family it's not fair to ask for a dowry?
I'm happier after my divorce even though my ex is in the dumps. How do I deal with this guilt?
What should I do about my narcissistic husband of 19 years, and we have 4 kids? I'm living a life in confinement.
How do I know when it’s time for a divorce?
If you are a male, and for some reason you can never get married (disability, severe lack of confidence etc.), how do you cope?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
Do Manglik boys ever get married?
Have you hidden anything from your husband?
How is the life of a female IAS after marriage? Is it difficult to manage between family and the duties of being an IAS?
My husband's sister is mooching off him. How can I stop her?
How do you recover after discovering that your deceased spouse was unfaithful?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
Why do women lose interest in sex after marriage?
How do you regard your marriage?
Is it healthy to be in a relationship or get married to someone with the same age?
As a woman, what qualities do you need to be present in your husband?
How can you spoil your husband?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
Can you have sex with your wife whilst in prison?
My husband have 5 girls with his previous wife and I have 1 girl from my previous marriage. Is it possible for us to have a son?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
Is it ok for a man to beat up his wife?
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
If a married woman (with two daughters age 20 around) wants to have sex with me (single, 23), what should I do?
What should the behaviour of an individual be after marriage?
What are the ugly truths about looking for a bride in Tamil matrimonial websites?
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
We are 52 and 53; I am in premenopause. My husband wants it all the time, and we're both frustrated. What is a fair compromise on sex in a marriage?
Why does my husband insist on sex through my mouth only?
Is it ever okay to hope your parents get divorced?
What is the proper way for a Jewish divorce to be handled when there are kids involved?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Should I marry a person who had sex with multiple partners?
What can a man do when he has no desire to have sex with his wife of 15 years?
How do you know if your wife is faithful or not?
Is waiting for one’s own arranged marriage a kind of disability? Is it right to ask someone to find someone for me?
Do Muslims follow lifestyle of Mohammed and marry off their child to a old man?
How can I do online marriage in Pakistan?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
Are you single or married? Why?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
When did you realize your relationship was over and how did you feel?
Will society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
Why are children born to Hindu mothers married to Muslim men fanatic Muslims?
If your father is attractive and your mother is not so, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful, would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
Will the dowry system in the Kerala Muslim community end?
Should I have an affair with a married woman?
Can the Menon and Ghosh cast get married?
What should I do if I have a wife, who gets angry for some small issue, and persuading her is super hard and ends like a revengeful event?
If a Christian woman wants to marry a Tunisian male in Tunisia, would the woman have to convert to Islam?
What should a mother of two children do if she finds out that her officer husband engaged in oral sex before and after their marriage?
My wife goes to Osho meditation centre in Pune. Will she have sex and shall I trust her?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
How can I marry an American?
Can I marry my maternal grandmom’s brother’s son’s daughter?
Does a Muslim girl stand a chance of marrying a Korean guy?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
What is the best song for my sister who is getting married?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
What will happen if a divorce case in India results in a stalemate?
Which blood group for a boy is suitable for a B-Negative girl for marriage?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
What is child marriage called?
Is it true that in India a man still cannot marry outside his caste without being a disgrace to his whole family?
Is it mandatory to marry the one whom you love?
If a husband & wife have sexual relations every day, does this cause any problem for the man or woman?
What you do if your husband had an overly high sex drive?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
What do you do when your wife doesn't want a divorce, but wants to be on her own for a while?
Is it unethical to love a married lady who is deprived of love by her husband?
How do you plan to move to another country or state if you're married with kids and don't have a job there?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
How do you know if you're being cheated on by your spouse?
What can I do if I am being mentally, financially and emotionally harassed by my husband even after 10 years of marriage?
Is it reasonable for a couple to come to an agreement that the one that wants children be the one responsible for most of the childcare?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
When will gay marriage be legalized in Indonesia?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
Can I ever trust my cheating wife again?
Why did I check out of life after my divorce and losing my children, while others are able to move forward after such losses?
How do Indian men like their future wives to be? Has there been any change of mindset from previous generations?
How can I convince my wife to get a mutual divorce?
What actually happens during wedding night in the Muslim tradition?
Who is the wife of cricketer Rohit Sharma?
Is having a narcissist as a girlfriend different from having her as a wife?
Can a wife without any children even after 9 years of marriage claim maintenance from her husband?
How much is it to get married in the beach in southern California? (it's an under 10 person wedding)
Is a prenup agreement the only solution for Indian males?
Is it normal for a man to want to share his wife with other men?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
Did the wives of the Shia Imams practice temporary marriage called Muta?
Have you cried over your wife?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
How difficult is it to be married to a soldier?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
Is it hard for a man to improve his professional career after marriage?
Can I marry an army officer when I was a doctor?
Is it okay to pressure your spouse for a physical relationship in your marriage?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
I have to be very good to my husband's relatives, but he does not do the same. How do I cope with it?
Why do Telugus force their kids to marry their cousins through arranged marriages?
How do I cope with a cheating spouse?
How did marriage impact your career, daily lifestyle and life generally? And what advice do you have for new couples?
Can a person who got married in India and divorced in the US marry again in the US (to an Indian) and file for her dependent visa in India?
If a girl or her parents expect a "high earning", "well settled" groom, then how exactly is dowry wrong?
What should I do if I am in a loving relationship with a married guy (who loves his wife too) and time-to-time I feel jealous of his wife?
If you are a man, would you marry a superwoman?
What should a daughter do if her parents don't support after her marriage?
What are the remedies for incompatibility in marriage?
How do I cope living with a narcissistic wife without ruining the lives of our children?
Are Indian brothers okay with their sisters having physical relations with boyfriends before marriage? How do you feel? You may go anonymous and ans.
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
How is the life of a Indian navy officer’s wife whose husband is a Lieutenant?
If a lady is married and gets married again without a divorce, who made the mistake?
Can a B positive boy marry a B negative girl? Will they be a good couple or have any problems during pregnancy?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
Why do most boys become more interested in married women?
Which all are the famous temples in India where non-Hindus can get married?
What have you found out about your spouse that scares or upsets you?
Do women find it titillating to have sex with a married man?
Is it necessary for a widow to stay at her in-law’s house?
What is Tejasvita Apte's view on fake dowry allegations against men?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
How can you handle a bad wife who is pregnant?
If you believe that there must be a marriage to be in a relationship, but you know that marriage isn't possible, are you not condemned to loneliness?
How will my life be if I marry a lieutenant in the Indian Navy?
Is it too difficult for an Indian woman to live independently after divorce?
In a general sense, what should I expect from being married to a Georgian (as in the country next to Turkey)?
What is your story as a married daughter (Indian parents)?
How can I strongly and willingly get out of a co dependent marriage?
Is it required for ladies to get their names changed (gazette) after marriage and during a fresh passport application?
What is the best age for Marriage in Pakistan?
My wife gets highly offended when I ask. Is it normal to want some personal time in a marriage for hobbies or alone time (3-4 hours a week)?
Should I say yes to an arranged marriage with a guy who earns half of what I earn?
What is it like to be married to a scientist?
What are some examples of mistakes girls have made throughout their marriage, starting from the beginning (related to their partner, in laws & parents)?
What would you choose, to go vagabonding for two years or to get stabilized, marry and have kids?
What documentation changes will marriage under the Hindu Marriages Act, 1955 make, in context of an Aadhar card, PAN card, etc.?
What do you do when you are forced into a marriage? Do you leave the person or compromise?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
What is the easiest way to forget your husband's pornographic chats with other girls?
Did marriage clear all my doubts?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
How can marriage destroy someone?
How can I live after the untimely demise of my spouse?
What are the traditions of Iraqi weddings?
What does an officer at USCIS know, or can find out, about you before a marriage interview?
What is the trending fashion in marriage?
What happens when a woman with bipolar does not reveal it to her husband?
When and how do I tell my husband I'm pregnant?
What is the government of Singapore's stance on same-sex marriage?
What things should you discuss with your to-be partner before marriage?
How can you be sure the one you are going to marry is the one?
Is an IAF servant allowed to be a live-in without marriage?
Why do mothers change their perspective towards their married son?
Are men in industrialized cultures really as much manipulated by women as suggested by Esther Vilar in her book "The Manipulated Man"?
Is being a divorcee becoming a statement in India?
Am I allowed to have a lot of sex with my wife when I get married according to the Bhagavad Gita?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
What kind of problems do Indian Army wives face, raising their children alone while their husbands are deployed?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
How often do older couples have sex?
Is Mu'tah marriage permitted in Islam?
Is a marriage really over if the husband is a roaming sex addict?
Is it better to live alone or have a spouse that causes misery and emotional torment?
Why do Indian parents always prefer an arranged marriage over a love marriage?
How do husbands remain faithful to their wives?
What are the current statistics on divorce?
What are your thoughts of getting married at 19?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Can I marry in one city and do marriage registration in another city in India?
Why do married men get attracted to married women?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Are there any cons to not getting married? I would like to hear from an elderly person who didn't get married.
If you are successful then is it necessary to get married?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
What is the minimum time for a Hindu marriage to dissolve if the wife is not willing to divorce?
Will an Irish guy marry a Chinese girl?
Should I convert from Catholicism to Islam in order to marry my Muslim boyfriend so we could have better rights in the UAE and Middle East?
What should a lonely wife do when a husband doesn't want affection or intimacy and thinks emotions are useless?
What are the merits and demerits of same age marriage?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
What can you say about an abusive father that walked out of the life of his wife leaving three kids behind?
What is the Christian point of view regarding dating before marriage? Is it sin?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
How do I check Life 360 to see if my husband is faking his location?
Can I file charges against my wife for destroying 120 pictures I had on 5 walls?
Is it okay for a Kashyap Brahmin to marry a Kashyap Bengali girl?
What steps should a women take to make her life secure at the age of 30 if she decides never to get married?
Why is there so much pressure from society and parents when you want the separation from your spouse (so called husband)? How can it be handled?
How it is like to not get married forever?
If one spouse is in the medical field (physician) and the other isn't, are they more likely to divorce?
How did Ali Alshamsi meet his wife?
What would be an ideal age to get married?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
What would it be like to marry a transgender lady?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
At the age of 22, should I prefer marriage or should I continue my studies?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a handjob?
Why is inter-caste marriage more important than an ideal marriage?
Can an INFP male have a happy marriage with an ESFJ woman?
Can arrange marriages lead to the use of drugs?
How common is it for a married couple, heterosexual or homosexual, to have a threesome?
Can an Indian citizen marry a girl from either the USA, UK, or France? If yes what is the diplomatic procedure to follow?
How did people show that they were married in the middle ages?
Married people of Quora, your spouse turns into a duck. How do you make your marriage succeed?
Richard I's sister marrying Saladin's brother was discussed during the 3rd Crusade negotiations. What might have happened had they gone through with it?
Why do Christians who use the religious sanctity of marriage argument against gay marriage think heterosexual civil marriage marriage is okay?
What do you think about love marriage and arranged marriage?
How do I convince my husband that watching 1 hour of good (simple and beautiful) cartoons would not mentally harm our 2 and 4 year old daughters?
Are spinsters (childless women who have never married) the minority?
Why do most brides sell their wedding gowns after marriage?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can Priyanka Chopra marry a poor person like me?
Can married daughters claim their fathers’ property if the father died before the Hindu Succession Act of 2005?
Should I give myself a break if I have plans to get married?
What is the meaning of “It's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
What are some of ways to surprise your wife in bed?
What is it about married men who interact a lot with unattached, attractive women on Facebook? Should their wives get concerned?
What are some difficult situations you've dealt with married to a US Marine?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
Is it better to leave a cheating husband even if you have a 3 year old kid?
How should I resolve a conflict between myself and my family about my future marriage?
How does a girl see the wedding night before expreriencing it? How about after? What does she actually want?
How do you win back the custody of your kids when your spouse has moved to another country with the kids?
Is it possible to save someone from a narcissists grasp (a marriage to one)?
Do a lot of marriages fail these days because people get in with the wrong motives? What then are the right motives for getting married?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
Would you let your wife stay friends with her ex-boyfriend(s)?
How much alimony should a women get from her Indian husband?
Were marriage solemnization laws stricter at one time that the officiant had to be either a religious leader (priest/minister/rabbi) or a judge?
A husband brought home flowers for his wife every day but it turned out that he picked cemetery flowers. What would you do if you were his wife?
How can you deal with a proud wife?
Can I take my ex to court after the divorce because I am disabled?
If I have a wife, can I have a waifu?
My ex-wife says she is off illegal drugs now and wants to have unsupervised visits with the children. Should I trust her?
How much difference is there between your height and your spouse's?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Did all great people in the world have a happy married life?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Can I get married and do a separate filing secretly without my parents finding out? My dad handles my taxes, so would he notice anything?
How often do most married couples in their 20s have sex, and how frequently should they to keep both parties happy?
If a person's name is Padma Ramesh, where Ramesh is her husband's name, what should be her given name and surname in her passport?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
What was George T. Sampson's wife and child’s name?
Why did Ned's sister have to marry a Targaryen?
What do we call a man whose wife is alive in Hindi?
Are there any Cancer man and Gemini woman successfully and happily married couples on Quora?
How can a Muslim revert find a husband?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
Would you marry a raped woman?
How should one react after finding out that one’s husband has had an affair in the past?
How would it be if, instead of a married couple (usually) taking the last name of the man, their last names were mixed with one half of one name and one half of the other name?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
Would you marry someone who has a lower salary than you?
Are toxic in-laws a deal breaker for a potential marriage?
How can a Jew and Catholic wed if neither faith allows interfaith marriages?
Do I need to get a hair transplant done just for an arranged marriage?
How do I stop being afraid of what kind of man I will get in an arranged marriage?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
Can a Hindu marry his mother's father's sister's daughter's daughter?
Is it possible to inherit mother's community for children born out of inter community marriage?
I'm reading a lot of questions regarding failure in marriages and seeing many regrets about it under that topic. Isn't it possible to live without a life partner?
Should people marry?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
What would you do if your husband hurt you by worst words?
Is there any rule in SSC AMC that after engagement, you are posted to the single station? For marrying a civilian.
I found my husband on the sex dating site JustBangMe. He said he was just curious if anyone would reply. Is he telling the truth?
Will I be able to get rid of the narcissist in my life after discovering that I have been married to one for the last 45 years?
I am married​ but not satisfied​. Do other people feel the same way?
I am having trouble expressing my anger and I usually keep it in. Is this normal or this is where it gets when you become adult?
Does an Indian woman have the right to leave her husband on the grounds of mental abuse, which she has no proof of?
Is ghost marriage real?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
My wife has been caught cheating and divorce is about to be finalized. How do I not fail my daughter as a father if I’m not getting custody of her?
What does the law state for a cruel husband having many affairs and has applied for divorce?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
What do you do when your husband always thinks that you're lying?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
Is it okay to leave your spouse if you have been miserable with them for a long period of time?
How can someone not realise their partner's abusive & controlling nature before marriage?
According to the Hinduism, is marriage a sin?
What was marriage like during the Middle Ages?
Can Christians perform BDSM if they are married?
What are the 10 things every Indian should know before getting married?
How do I start over after leaving an alcoholic spouse?
How do I overcome from sadness after the death of spouse?
Is it practically possible for an unemployed, non-virgin, 26-year-old girl to get married through an arranged marriage system without a dowry?
Is it ok to love someone but not want to marry him?
What is the reason for not getting pregnant after marriage?
What are the indications a married woman is interested in me for the long term?
How do I make my husband understand that his parents are playing an evil drama to separate both of us?
Is it right to get a divorce? Won't it affect others?
Have you seen a marriage in which the two families including the bride and groom don’t dance? Is this too modern?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
I feel as though I will never get married because of who I am. So, my question is what is the best way to embrace a life of loneliness?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
How can I stop my husband from buying me food that makes me fat without being rude or hurting his feelings?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
What are the terms "handfasting", "misyar" and "muta?
Can a Hindu boy marry a Muslim girl in any country?
How often do you contemplate your future wife/husband?
How can I deal with my wife never initiating sex?
Can I, as an asexual, marry someone and be close to them without sex (more like a friendship)?
Is there any court ruling in which a separated wife is denied of maintenance from her husband due to her high qualification?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Will Hindu society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
What is a sign that your wife has a lesbian girlfriend?
Why should I marry my lover?
Should I quit my PhD to marry?
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
What are we if our great grandparents married each other?
How do parents who believe in arranged marriage set up their children if the children are unattractive?
Why are people so crazy about marriage nowadays in spite of knowing the fact that nearly everyone is a non-virgin and has had an affair before?
My sister (Hindu Brahmin) wants to marry with a Muslim guy who is already married having 3 kids, how can I stop her?
Is it a good idea to hyphenate our surnames?
How can I get a divorce without giving my wife a cent when there are no kids involved?
Being a non-Bengali, what should I keep in mind if I want to marry a Bengali girl?
In an Indian family, should I take sides with my wife against my parents?
Is it possible for a man to marry a lady older than him?
How many rupees do you need to invest in a court marriage? What are the full details?
What kind of protection do I have as a wife married to a narcissistic possible sociopath husband?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
What is the medical explanation for dumb husband and wife having dumb kids?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
What are some ways to come alongside a spouse who was abused as a child? How do you keep this from affecting your marriage?
What news outlets in the US can help a woman expose her ongoing plight with Family Court and her ex-husband?
What is the darkest secret you will not tell your spouse?
At what age, generally, does a male doctor get married?
Do you regret your marriage?
What kind of girl would you like to marry?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
How will a playboy treat his wife after marriage?
Would you sleep with your brother-in-law to save your marriage?
What is the best word that a husband can tell to his wife?
Does my husband have a good chance of getting sole custody?
How much money does a girl need to pay her husband after divorce if she is the sole earner in the family?
What documents are required for a fresh passport application for women after marriage?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
What are the things that a mother of girls should do when divorcing and if remarrying?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
How do I know for sure that monogamy is not my thing?
How can you stay with your wife in peace?
What are the signs of a married Muslim guy/man?
Do you regret marrying a wrong person who doesn't value his wife’s feelings?
Can I date a second cousin once removed?
How did Antoine Lavoisier’s wife contribute to his success?
If Muslims can marry and have love affairs with their cousins, then how come Behn****d is a cuss word among Pakistanis?
For Venezuelan Quorans; how does the situation there affect personal plans? Do people still fall in love, marry, study, or just plan on leaving?
Why is it wrong to have intercourse with another man's wife?
Do you regret your marriage, and why?
Are sexually satisfied women less prone to have extramarital affairs?
How should I deal with my husband since he does not help in household chores?
Do Jews have a problem with Esther marrying a gentile? If not, why not?
Will any girl marry a boy having Cerebral Palsy and not able to walk properly?
How do closeted men have children with women if they're gay? How do some of them marry women if they have no romantic or sexual feelings for the women?
Why does the Indian marriage system favour women only?
Why should I take care of the parents of my wife?
What should I do if my boyfriend ignores the topic of marriage, but still wants to be in a relationship with me?
How can you ignore your husband in an argument?
Do blow jobs end after marriage?
What are the pros and cons of no sex before marriage?
Will you marry a man who is not virgin?
What should I do if my girlfriend is getting married to someone else because of family pressure? I am dying inside because I lost my life.
Why do people think "Ms." means previously married?
What is the best way to convince modern guys that marriage is useful to them?
Do Chinese men still prefer to marry virgins?
What are the things a bride should buy?
Life after a divorce needs encouraging ideas. What are they?
Why is the amount of alimony directly proportional to the degree of richness of the husband?
Who should pray more the husband or the wife?
Do you agree that the police shouldn't accept the cases where the wife petitions for a case in a police station, without an investigation against the husband?
Is it ok for an unmarried Indian to change religion at the age of 22?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
What will life be like after marriage?
Where can I find single women who are US citizens and willing to marry an H1B candidate?
Can a Gazetted Officer marry a girl of a different religion?
What should I do if the love of my life is going to get married? Her family is quite wealthy and I can't fight them. They have threatened to harm me as well.
When it comes to arranged marriages, is it fine to hide information about their past relationships, physical relations, and virginity and about their past before the marriage?
Did Aamir Khan use triple talaq when he divorced his first wife, Reena?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
Why does an Indian girl prefer a boy in marriage who earns more than she does? Isn't this pseudo-feminism?
Can I take 50g of jewels and my marriage chain with me to the USA and then return back to India?
How often do you watch porn after marriage?
What is the marriage rate of developed countries?
Should I date someone who doesn't want to marry me?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
How do I leave my husband who keeps stressing me out and makes me "walk on eggshells"?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
How do I live up to my full potential without causing my spouse to feel inferior?
If I'm Mexican American and convert to Islam, will it be hard for me to find a husband with the difference in culture?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
Is it alright to expect my husband to share his passwords with me? I have told him all of mine.
What attitudes should people have about living together before marriage?
Which is the best site to check GSB divorcee brides?
Does a husband have rights after a divorce to have part of his ex-wife’s deceased husband's life insurance benefits?
Are there any Madhwa Brahman girls working in Deloitte Bangalore (US India), who are ready for marriage?
What if getting married isn't an escape?
What are good advises I should keep in mind before getting married?
Is look important for marriage?
My friend is going through a bad marriage. Where can she find an affordable psychologist in Toronto?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Can I marry my mothers uncle's daughter's daughter?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
If the dowry system stops in India, will women and their families stop expecting high salary guys as their groom?
As part of an arranged marriage proposal, I was talking to the guy for the last 4 months. Only now he tells me he doesn't have any feelings for me. What should I do?
What do you think of pre-wedding shoots? Do they hold any importance?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
Is it possible to for a civilian doctor to marry a female army officer?
How do I convince my wife that I'm not cheating if I have before?
How do I make my wife happy if she lives in another state?
How do I fall ill on the day of my marriage?
Why do men cheat and lie to their wives? If they want to cheat why don't they just tell their wife or leave?
Can you keep your SSDI when you get married?
How can I make my husband respect me and take care of me?
How far should I go (distance-wise) to escape my in-laws? No, more seriously, my husband is a only child and his parents are very clingy. What to do?
How do I control and advise a daughter who wishes to go for an intercaste marriage with another community?
How can an Indian man marry a British woman?
Is it common in the Middle East for straight males to engage in sex with other men before they marry a woman?
Will a narcissistic/psychopathic ex husband ruin any future relationships I try to have?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a blowjob?
Is it rape if someone's mom forces him to have sex with his wife?
Have any Indian guys married a Chinese girl? Wouldn't there be a huge cultural disconnect?
In India, during a passport renewal, is it mandatory to give the last name of my wife or can I provide just the first name of my wife?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
After 25 years of marriage, how can I tell if my wife's lack of affection is health related or if it may be time for a divorce?
How likely would you be to cheat on your spouse?
Why do Kerala men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, or someone who is settled abroad?
What is the best way to marry an atheist?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
What should I do with my wife on bed?
Why are so many men willing to throw away years of a good marriage to a decent person just because 'life isn't as fun as it used to be'?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Why does God command you to marry someone who sexually assaulted you?
What was Laci Peterson's husband’s name?
How do I get happiness with my wife?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
Do you believe in the sanctity of marriage?
What are the criteria for becoming an infidel?
What are the different types of marital affairs?
Why is it that North Indian boys always try to dominate their wives after marriage?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
How can I increase my wife’s interest in sex?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
Why was the mut’a marriage system (temporary marriage) formed?
Is it compulsary to change name on all documents of a Hindu girl after getting converted?
Do Indian parents give an equal education and an equal amount of food to their son and their daughter?
Do majority of Arabs still practicing polygamy?
What are the steps to get married with a foreigner in Indonesia?
What are the dos and don’ts a man should maintain to have a healthy, friendly and romantic relationship with his wife, if it's an arranged marriage?
What are your thoughts on the ages of girls being allowed to marry as per the Child Marriage Act?
Who were Ashoka’s wives?
Why do the people of India think sex is a big deal, not allowing sex before marriage?
How do I clear my confusion about my arranged marriage?
Can I claim to get married to my boyfriend on the basis of four years of physical relation with consent?
Why do people still marry in spite of their groom/bride being a non-virgin?
What is it like to be married to a Japanese man?
After 13 years of marriage, and with 3 children, is it the right decision to ask for a divorce because of a lack of understanding with your spouse?
Why do female narcissist prefer married men?
What are some good ways to divorce your Asian wife after just 4 months of controlling and cruel behavior?
In Pride and Prejudice, if a girl got married, would the estate go to her or would it still go to Mr Collins? Would her husband change his name?
What are some questions to ask my significant other on date night?
Can a Buddhist girl marry a Muslim boy?
After a divorce everyone says to "find yourself"? Please elaborate. I am 50 I hope I am sort of found.
If your father is handsome and your mother is ugly, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
When did Meena Kumari get married?
Does women’s libido remain the same with age or there’s some drastic drop after kids are born and many years of marriage?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
What changes when you get married?
How can I ask her father for her hand in marriage if he is orthodox?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Can my wife flash the room servant?
Would a Malayalee girl like to marry a Bihari boy? If yes, how would their life be?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
Did Mohammed have 13 wives?
What is a good response to a question "Why you don't have a boyfriend / husband?"?
If a U.S resident does not own a car, is he considered poor and will have trouble finding a girlfriend/wife?
My age is 24. My parents are forcing me for marriage. But I want to work for 1 year. What can I do?
What are the benefits if HCL employees married each other?
In the old period of India, because of the importance of the caste system, why did people choose to marry within the community and not to marry outside of the community with a different community?
How much does hiring a detective for pre-marriage investigation costs?
Why is calling your husband by his name considered a taboo by some Indian societies?
When did you realize you married a boy in a man's body?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
Can a man with blood group A positive marry a woman with blood group B Rh positive?
What's the best way to deal with in-laws interference that is spoiling one's married life?
What is the most unrewarding chore that one does for their spouse?
What are common problems men face with their wives after marriage?
Why do Hindu girls hate Hindu boys?
Can I write my husband's surname after my whole name without any documentation?
Is it ok to visit a call girl to satisfy your physical need while you are not married?
How do I improve my seriously unromantic husband?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
If I get married to a US citizen, can I travel outside of the US if my i-130 and i-485 are pending?
I am a resident of Delhi and got married on 3rd May 2017; we are now about to register the marriage. What is the procedure for a name change?
It is illegal to have two wives in the UK?
What is the deep meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
What are the perks of marrying a village girl?
How do I stand up to my narcissistic MIL when I feel I can't be myself around her?
Can you justify an affair because your husband has prostate issues and is impotent?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
How should you talk to the father of a boy about him marrying your daughter?
What are some of the questions you've to answer yourself before getting married?
What is the best way get my buddy and his wife to have a threesome?
What are the legalities surrounding Mail Order Brides and Husbands?
What can I do to bring back my spouse?
How do you get your wife to appreciate you?
Why are 36 year old, unmarried females with kids still single and not married?
What kind of ring is suitable for marriage?
I am getting divorced because I was not aware of the severity of my PCOS before and my husband thinks I deceived him. Do I deserve this?
Childless couples, why do you support your unemployed partner?
Why do men have fantasies about other women, even when they are happily married?
What's the best game to play with my wife?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
How can we get a good spouse?
Why do men watch porn even though they are married?
How do I forgive my wife?
How can I give a second chance to my marriage?
As a feminist Indian women, can you elaborate on your experience in dating Indian men or meeting prospective grooms for an arranged marriage?
How do you stop hurting and feeling heartbroken for yourself and for your 2 children after a divorce you didn't want?
How can I prevent my husband from cheating on me and the kids?
How do I convince my husband to not have a second child because he wants a son?
In some communities, are gay or lesbian people forced into relationships/marriages?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
If you're a married person, is hugging someone other than your spouse or family taboo?
I got married 3 months ago and my wife cries over every little thing (emotional blackmail). How should I handle this?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
Do Filipino women date/marry uncircumcised men?
If a wife beats her husband, what should he do?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
Is there any special procedure to divorce a husband who is a judge?
What may be the punishment if a lady is blamed for maintenance, dowry, and harassment over her husband?
Can I have a boyfriend while I’m waiting for my divorce?
What does it feel like when you begin having sex just after you get married?
Have you ever thought you should have married your spouse’s sibling instead?
For same-sex couples in conservative countries which do not consider your status as a couple, do you ever feel hopeless in your future?
What should I do if caste is a problem for marriage?
How long do you talk to a girl before getting married in the Indian arranged marriage system?
Is virginity a main key for a happy life marriage? How important is it? Why and why not.
Why do so many young boys think confession is how you get a girlfriend?
One of the banquets and conventions center guys asked me for a 15% service tax. Is this right for a marriage?
Henry is famous for killing wives, but, also, for what else?
Is it too difficult for a woman in India to live her life independently after divorce?
Why does my husband say nasty things to me even after 26 years of marriage?
How should I have sex with my virgin wife on our wedding night?
I am 20 years old and I completed my graduation. When should I marry my girlfriend?
How does frequent masturbation effect married life?
How does it feel to marry your first cousin whom you never liked nor thought about it in your wildest of dreams?
Do you help your wife with housechores? Does your husband help you with housechores?
How many wife's did the Nizam have?
How did divorce affect you? How do you look back at your previous marriage and ex-spouse?
How should I deal with a narcissistic husband?
What qualities are considered by modern Indonesian men when it comes to marriage?
Would the first lady of America still hold her position if she gets divorced from POTUS?
Why didn’t Harry Potter marry Cho Chang? Was it because of her race, her flat face, or because she is not attractive?
Is it ok to marry an ex who got a divorce after a marriage of 10 days?
How did you feel on the next day of your marriage?
Who is your favorite "We Got Married" couple?
Is it normal to obsess over your husband's ex when there is nothing going on between them?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
What will my wife get when we divorce after 3 months of marriage?
What are the best questions to ask a guy whom you are meeting for the first time for an arranged marriage to know more about his nature?
What happens when a female Judge gets married to a doctor?
How does it feel to marry your teacher?
Can marriage help to attain enlightenment?
In Chinese family culture, why is it usually understood that there tends to be conflict between a man's wife and his mother?
What should you do when your spouse says "what a waste of 30 years, being ​with you"?
How do I get over the guilty feeling that I have since I decided to live in a separate house than my parents in same city for my wife?
What is the name of the old porn in Italian/French where a husband and wife have sex to seduce the neighbour woman and make her have sex with them?
Can wedding officiants do funerals?
What visa does a Sri Lankan citizen need to apply for to be able to marry or study in India?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
Do I stay with a controlling, narcissistic husband who hates my kids just because of the money?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
How does gay marriage differ from straight marriage?
I have difference of opinion with my wife. We haven't spoken for more than a year. We live in the same house. Should I go for divorce?
How much I need to pay to become a bride in BBB with Sabyasachi?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Why do you want to remain single and not want to marry in India?
How long is the divorce process?
What exactly is a Jocosta complex? Are there any real life examples of such a fixation?
Is it possible to get genital warts if you have been faithfully married to the same person for 10 years?
Why should I stay alone & not get married?
As a PR, can you sponsor your elder brother to Canada even though you are married with a kid?
How do I convince a soon-to-be married man not to cheat on his fiancee with me?
What are the most common marriage problems?
How does state paternity laws apply to same-sex marriages?
What percent of women remain virgins until marriage?
What are the basics requirements of marriage in Islam?
Do all young parent marriages crash?
Do Indian Muslim men support polygamy? If yes, why?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
What is wrong about marrying someone you feel nothing for?
How is married life for a female IFS officer?
How do I convince my wife to have sex with me?
Is there a marriage museum in your country?
How can I check my husband’s WhatsApp?
Do extramarital affairs really happen in Uttar Pradesh?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
If your spouse doesn't mind if you cheat on him or her, would you cheat?
A friend registered his marriage but he didn’t have a valid proof of address. He paid extra money to the lawyer and got it done. Is the marriage valid in India?
Why in Islam is marriage a legal contract between two persons, while divorce or triple talaq is a matter of faith and based on religious beliefs?
What can I do if my wife hates our country and doesn’t want to live here?
Why wasn't my husband allowed to speak for me at the emergency room? I was barely conscious and couldn't breathe due to pneumonia.
Why is my wife self exploitative and what should I do?
What were the ages that people got married in the 1860's?
How do I get over a divorce from a serial liar?
Why is intercaste marriage so important compared to ideal marriage?
Why do older Indian/Asian husbands walk so far ahead of their wives down the street?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
What is it like to marry a rationalist? I am an extremely emotional person.
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
Is it okay to give a finger ring to your partner before marriage?
How many men marry a prostitute or a sex worker without knowing it?
Where can I find married women that want to have sex?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
Many metaphors in poems of Li Bai, physical transformation, dream state, arranged marriage, royal military procession. Which one resonates with you?
How do I divorce my narcissist husband without him manipulating my 20 year old son?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
Do you think it's possible for mainland China to legalize same-sex marriage?
The person with the most influence on a person is their spouse. Why is there not a requirement for POTUS's spouse to also be a natural-born American?
Should I be involved with married women?
Is it possible​ for me to marry​ a Pakistani girl on today's​ date?
As a Hindu, I want to marry for a second time without divorcing my first wife. Is converting to Islam for namesake the only recourse for me?
In Washington State, what are one's divorce rights if their spouse cheats on them?
What qualities must be seen in a boy before marriage of one’s daughter?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
How does it feel when you see the woman of the house go to work whereas the man does housework?
Do men prefer working wives nowadays?
Is it true Shias can temporarily marry their mothers in the tradition of Mutah?
Why does Catholicism not allow divorce but instead only annulment?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Is there an expiration date for a civil wedding?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Why does a husband stay angry at wife when he is the one who hurts her?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Whenever I ask my boyfriend for marriage, he only delays. He never says no. But my parents want me to get married. What should I do?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
What is a bride’s price?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
Why is my husband abusing me every day?
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
How do I become a loving husband?
What are some useful books to get advice on interracial marriages?
Was it necessary for Robb Stark to marry Talisa when he did? Couldn’t he have just waited and broke the Frey alliance after their victory?
In what circumstance should I get a divorce?
What should a mother say to her daughter when she is getting married?
Why are Hindu marriages done “Agni Sakshi” (fire as witness) and not “Panchabhoodham”?
What are the consequences of one who witnesses a court marriage in India?
What do you do when you believe your husband is cheating?
My husband doesn't like my family to come home. What should I do now?
Would a county clerk be committing an ethical breach by issuing a marriage license to an of-age person who didn't appear to be of sound mind?
What are the chances for a marriage to survive when one spouse decides to have a sexless marriage?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
Is it ok to marry a divorcee?
Will a man whose wife cheated multiple times with several men take her back after divorce?
Why do girls let themselves get pregnant without being married?
What happens if you marry someone who is still married to someone else?
Where can I get a good doctor to treat my wife?
Do Indian girls reject boys older than than 30 years old for arranged marriages more than younger ones?
Why do Chinese people like to marry on May 20?
If Negi was alive and married Hinata, who would be Naruto's next choice to marry?
Is Shabnam Lone married?
What are the remedies for an incompatible marriage, astrologically?
Would Gordon Miller marry Ali Al Shamsi?
Why didn’t my narcissistic husband want to make love to me?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What does it mean when a guy asks you when are you going to get married?
Why has my narcissist husband gone no contact with me?
In KSA, do they kill people for adultery/cheating on their spouse?
How is life being married to a German woman, as a Muslim man?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
Why do we have to get married? Why is the need to get married so great that people are willing to marry someone they barely know?
Can you ask for a marriage annulment instead of a divorce in California?
What is the best way to catch my wife cheating?
Are there any experienced divorce attorney in Utah who can handle the divorce case professionally?
Is it wrong to marry someone’s husband?
Will there be an effect from marrying a young woman who was born with birth defects? (Her left hand fingers stopped developing from birth.)
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
How should I ask a woman to adjust her habits post-marriage?
How many girls’ parents had health issues when their daughter married a Muslim guy in India?
Is there is secret behind marriage?
Is it ok when a wife with a kid stays permanently in her home, strictly saying no to her in-laws’ home, when the husband is working abroad?
Does pickle decrease love between spouses?
Who do you blame in an affair? The woman or the man who vowed his loyalty to his wife?
What is Gandharv Vivah?
How do the women in a polygamous type of marriage feel?
Does the Matsya Purana authorise a husband to beat his erring wife with a rope or split bamboo?
What is the divorce law in Australia? Who does get the assets?
Are there any special benefits if HCL employees married each other?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
How is your experience with your sister in law after marriage?
What might be the problem with me, because I tried many times to impregnate my wife with no results?
What are some good tips or techniques for a man to excite his wife in bed?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Why do people still divorce when they have lived together for a long time before they got married?
What can happen to a person if they don't marry the one they love?
How do I get my husband to sleep in the same room with me?
How common is it for a married couple to be completely celibate?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Is it worth waiting for sex until marriage? Why or why not?
Why don’t Indians think about making women self-dependent and treating them equally to sons at birth instead of thinking in terms of reducing them to maintenance or wives?
Is it okay to ask your spouse for a sexual relationship in your marriage?
Why sleeping with someone's wife so cool?
How is Bhadra depicted as the son of Bhallaladeva, when the wife of Bhallaladeva is not shown?
Why are women not against alimony?
If a girl gets pregnant, should she and the father of her unborn child get married or is it totally irrelevant?
What are the signs if a Muslim guy/boy/man is married or has already had a wife?
Will the Roman Catholic Church allow a marriage between a Christian guy and a Hindu girl without any conversion?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How do you get what you want in a divorce?
Do you think that married scientists have lower chances of being as good as un-married ones?
How do Indian girls view an affair or relationship with a young, unmarried smoking hot male teacher?
What goes on in the mind of an abusive husband?
What is the online marriage procedure in Pakistan?
If you had to marry a celebrity who was the opposite of the gender you’re normally attracted to, who would you pick?
While going through a divorce, my husband disappeared. Will my divorce be granted with a settlement?
In the United States, what percentage of average, non-"sleazy" men cheat on their wives?
If a scheduled caste girl gets married into a Brahmin family, will her family get reservations in the future?
Can a stable society exist where every man is a king and his vassals are his fists?
What is your feeling if your girlfriend’s or your wife’s job salary is more than your salary?
Is it possible to guarantee your wife does not get a previously owned house after a divorce other than a pre-nup (California)?
Which type of sex style does a male like after marriage?
What was Patton Oswalt's tweet about his wife and his daughter's resemblance?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
What are the truths hidden from your husband?
Is child marriage illegal in India?
Fellow women, at what age did you accept that you likely were never going to become famous or marry the celebrity crush of your teenage years?
Why is it said that it's a husband's duty to feed his wife and protect her? Why never the other way? Are husband's just worker bees and bodyguards?
Can I marry my maternal aunt's sister while being in a Hindu family?
How can you convince the groom's family it's not fair to ask for a dowry?
I'm happier after my divorce even though my ex is in the dumps. How do I deal with this guilt?
What should I do about my narcissistic husband of 19 years, and we have 4 kids? I'm living a life in confinement.
How do I know when it’s time for a divorce?
If you are a male, and for some reason you can never get married (disability, severe lack of confidence etc.), how do you cope?
What is it to have sex before marriage and you are not so sure if you will surely marry the other person or not?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
Do Manglik boys ever get married?
Have you hidden anything from your husband?
Is it necessary to marry again after a painful divorce? What are the counter side effects of being alone?
How is the life of a female IAS after marriage? Is it difficult to manage between family and the duties of being an IAS?
My husband's sister is mooching off him. How can I stop her?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
How do you recover after discovering that your deceased spouse was unfaithful?
Why do women lose interest in sex after marriage?
How do you regard your marriage?
Is it healthy to be in a relationship or get married to someone with the same age?
How many numbers of gf or bf before marriage can be consider normal?
How do I advise my son regarding an inter-caste marriage with an elder girl?
As a woman, what qualities do you need to be present in your husband?
How can you spoil your husband?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
Is it fine to marry a girl who has been in a relationship with nearly 3 to 4 boys?
Can you have sex with your wife whilst in prison?
How do I advise my son about an international marriage from an older girl?
If someone marries a woman with a kid, how does society react?
What do you mean by the divorce which is held by mutual understanding in India?
My husband have 5 girls with his previous wife and I have 1 girl from my previous marriage. Is it possible for us to have a son?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
Is it ok for a man to beat up his wife?
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
If a married woman (with two daughters age 20 around) wants to have sex with me (single, 23), what should I do?
What should the behaviour of an individual be after marriage?
What are the ugly truths about looking for a bride in Tamil matrimonial websites?
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
We are 52 and 53; I am in premenopause. My husband wants it all the time, and we're both frustrated. What is a fair compromise on sex in a marriage?
Why does my husband insist on sex through my mouth only?
Is it ever okay to hope your parents get divorced?
What is the proper way for a Jewish divorce to be handled when there are kids involved?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Should I marry a person who had sex with multiple partners?
What can a man do when he has no desire to have sex with his wife of 15 years?
How do you know if your wife is faithful or not?
Is waiting for one’s own arranged marriage a kind of disability? Is it right to ask someone to find someone for me?
Do Muslims follow lifestyle of Mohammed and marry off their child to a old man?
How can I do online marriage in Pakistan?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
If marrying more than one woman is forbidden in the West, could you have children with several mistresses all while living in one house?
Are you single or married? Why?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
When did you realize your relationship was over and how did you feel?
What are the rights that the Indian constitution provides a woman if she is getting divorced?
Can a pair who betray their spouses and leave them to be together sustain their relationship for long & how can they trust knowing they both cheated?
Will society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
Why are most marriages in India decided by partner complexion, caste, and income, unlike other countries?
Why are children born to Hindu mothers married to Muslim men fanatic Muslims?
If your father is attractive and your mother is not so, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful, would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
Is it wrong to marry a lady 12 years younger than me?
Will the dowry system in the Kerala Muslim community end?
Should I have an affair with a married woman?
Is it possible to inter-caste a marriage between a Yadav community girl and a Brahmin boy?
Can the Menon and Ghosh cast get married?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
What should I do if I have a wife, who gets angry for some small issue, and persuading her is super hard and ends like a revengeful event?
If a Christian woman wants to marry a Tunisian male in Tunisia, would the woman have to convert to Islam?
What should a mother of two children do if she finds out that her officer husband engaged in oral sex before and after their marriage?
What's you and your spouses story?
My wife goes to Osho meditation centre in Pune. Will she have sex and shall I trust her?
What do you think about a psychologist seeing both partners of a marriage separately and indefinitely?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
How can I marry an American?
Can I marry my maternal grandmom’s brother’s son’s daughter?
Does a Muslim girl stand a chance of marrying a Korean guy?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
What is the best song for my sister who is getting married?
Can a Muslim husband and non Muslim wife stay as married couples in Dubai?
What job offer did Bill Clinton ignore so he could be with Hilary before they got married?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
What will happen if a divorce case in India results in a stalemate?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
Which blood group for a boy is suitable for a B-Negative girl for marriage?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
What is child marriage called?
Is it true that in India a man still cannot marry outside his caste without being a disgrace to his whole family?
Is it mandatory to marry the one whom you love?
Are al-hoor al-iyn (virgins) concubines or wives of Muslims in Jannah?
Are BPDs capable of long-term, happy, and drama-free marriages?
If a husband & wife have sexual relations every day, does this cause any problem for the man or woman?
Should I marry a girl whom I don't like but my family members love?
Why are some mothers and husbands so negative?
What you do if your husband had an overly high sex drive?
What are good questions for married couples to their spouse on date night?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
What do you do when your wife doesn't want a divorce, but wants to be on her own for a while?
Why do Kerala Christian men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, specifically someone who is settled abroad or someone working abroad?
Is it unethical to love a married lady who is deprived of love by her husband?
Can I marry an orphan girl in Delhi?
How do you plan to move to another country or state if you're married with kids and don't have a job there?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
How do you know if you're being cheated on by your spouse?
Is it okay to divorce your wife after finding out that she has PCOS and was not aware of its severity until she told her doctor/husband?
What can I do if I am being mentally, financially and emotionally harassed by my husband even after 10 years of marriage?
Is it reasonable for a couple to come to an agreement that the one that wants children be the one responsible for most of the childcare?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
How do I identify a Cheating married man lover?
When will gay marriage be legalized in Indonesia?
Will you allow your spouse to practice their own religion?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
Can I ever trust my cheating wife again?
Why did I check out of life after my divorce and losing my children, while others are able to move forward after such losses?
How do Indian men like their future wives to be? Has there been any change of mindset from previous generations?
What would happen if I marry again without divorcing my husband first?
How many of you are stuck in a bad marriage and what is your story?
Are there any married couples with same Gothra having healthy kids or with genetic defects?
How can I convince my wife to get a mutual divorce?
What actually happens during wedding night in the Muslim tradition?
Who is the wife of cricketer Rohit Sharma?
Is having a narcissist as a girlfriend different from having her as a wife?
Can a wife without any children even after 9 years of marriage claim maintenance from her husband?
How much is it to get married in the beach in southern California? (it's an under 10 person wedding)
Is a prenup agreement the only solution for Indian males?
How do I get my husband to stop verbal/emotionally abusing me?
Is it normal for a man to want to share his wife with other men?
How do I find the courage to divorce my wife?
Is it difficult to find a modern virgin girl for marriage these days in India?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
How can I let go of my personal insecurities to help improve my marriage?
Did the wives of the Shia Imams practice temporary marriage called Muta?
Have you cried over your wife?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
How difficult is it to be married to a soldier?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
Is it hard for a man to improve his professional career after marriage?
Can I marry an army officer when I was a doctor?
Is it okay to pressure your spouse for a physical relationship in your marriage?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
I have to be very good to my husband's relatives, but he does not do the same. How do I cope with it?
How can I get up the nerve to play the songs I wrote in front of my wife if they involve painful relationship issues we've been through in the past?
How do I cope with a cheating spouse?
Why do Telugus force their kids to marry their cousins through arranged marriages?
How did marriage impact your career, daily lifestyle and life generally? And what advice do you have for new couples?
Can a person who got married in India and divorced in the US marry again in the US (to an Indian) and file for her dependent visa in India?
If a girl or her parents expect a "high earning", "well settled" groom, then how exactly is dowry wrong?
What should I do if I am in a loving relationship with a married guy (who loves his wife too) and time-to-time I feel jealous of his wife?
If you are a man, would you marry a superwoman?
What should a daughter do if her parents don't support after her marriage?
What are the remedies for incompatibility in marriage?
How do I cope living with a narcissistic wife without ruining the lives of our children?
Are Indian brothers okay with their sisters having physical relations with boyfriends before marriage? How do you feel? You may go anonymous and ans.
How do I know if we should get married?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
How is the life of a Indian navy officer’s wife whose husband is a Lieutenant?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
If a lady is married and gets married again without a divorce, who made the mistake?
Can a B positive boy marry a B negative girl? Will they be a good couple or have any problems during pregnancy?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
Why do most boys become more interested in married women?
What should I do if my wife doesn't like sex anymore?
Which all are the famous temples in India where non-Hindus can get married?
What have you found out about your spouse that scares or upsets you?
Do women find it titillating to have sex with a married man?
Does the divorce law in Bangladesh need improvement?
Is it necessary for a widow to stay at her in-law’s house?
What is Tejasvita Apte's view on fake dowry allegations against men?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
What is the average number of sex partners in the U.K before getting married?
How can you handle a bad wife who is pregnant?
What percentage of married women would be open to a hot wife/cuckold relationship? Do you have any thoughts?
If you believe that there must be a marriage to be in a relationship, but you know that marriage isn't possible, are you not condemned to loneliness?
How will my life be if I marry a lieutenant in the Indian Navy?
Does Indian law consider marriage as legal prostitution? Why should a man pay and take care of his wife in this independent world?
Is it too difficult for an Indian woman to live independently after divorce?
In a general sense, what should I expect from being married to a Georgian (as in the country next to Turkey)?
What is your story as a married daughter (Indian parents)?
How can I strongly and willingly get out of a co dependent marriage?
Is it required for ladies to get their names changed (gazette) after marriage and during a fresh passport application?
What is the best age for Marriage in Pakistan?
My wife gets highly offended when I ask. Is it normal to want some personal time in a marriage for hobbies or alone time (3-4 hours a week)?
Should I say yes to an arranged marriage with a guy who earns half of what I earn?
What is it like to be married to a scientist?
What are some examples of mistakes girls have made throughout their marriage, starting from the beginning (related to their partner, in laws & parents)?
What would you choose, to go vagabonding for two years or to get stabilized, marry and have kids?
What documentation changes will marriage under the Hindu Marriages Act, 1955 make, in context of an Aadhar card, PAN card, etc.?
What do you do when you are forced into a marriage? Do you leave the person or compromise?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
What is the easiest way to forget your husband's pornographic chats with other girls?
Did marriage clear all my doubts?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
How can marriage destroy someone?
How can I live after the untimely demise of my spouse?
What are the traditions of Iraqi weddings?
What does an officer at USCIS know, or can find out, about you before a marriage interview?
What is the trending fashion in marriage?
Why is it my fault that my husband beats me then says sorry, cries, etc.? Is this guilt for his affairs?
What happens when a woman with bipolar does not reveal it to her husband?
When and how do I tell my husband I'm pregnant?
How can you be sure the one you are going to marry is the one?
What things should you discuss with your to-be partner before marriage?
Is an IAF servant allowed to be a live-in without marriage?
What is the government of Singapore's stance on same-sex marriage?
Why do mothers change their perspective towards their married son?
Are men in industrialized cultures really as much manipulated by women as suggested by Esther Vilar in her book "The Manipulated Man"?
Is being a divorcee becoming a statement in India?
Does age matter when you marry somebody 8 years younger?
How does the virginity of husbands affect the wife?
In India, what legal ways can a husband use to handle a criminal wife?
Am I allowed to have a lot of sex with my wife when I get married according to the Bhagavad Gita?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
What should I do if my mother-in-law always shows partiality between her two daughters-in-law?
What kind of problems do Indian Army wives face, raising their children alone while their husbands are deployed?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Why don’t some marriages last?
How often do older couples have sex?
Is Mu'tah marriage permitted in Islam?
Is a marriage really over if the husband is a roaming sex addict?
Is it better to live alone or have a spouse that causes misery and emotional torment?
How do husbands remain faithful to their wives?
Why do Indian parents always prefer an arranged marriage over a love marriage?
Does the unfavourable marriage horoscope matching always fail?
Why are extramarital affairs on the rise in India?
What are the current statistics on divorce?
I told my boyfriend I wanted to marry him and he immediately said he was going to sleep. What do I do?
What are your thoughts of getting married at 19?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Can I marry in one city and do marriage registration in another city in India?
Why do married men get attracted to married women?
What are the tips you want to give to the bride who is getting married in 1 month?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Are there any cons to not getting married? I would like to hear from an elderly person who didn't get married.
If you are successful then is it necessary to get married?
Both of my parents hate each other and fight all time but refuse to get a divorce because of "the kids". Should I tell them to get a divorce?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
What is the minimum time for a Hindu marriage to dissolve if the wife is not willing to divorce?
Will an Irish guy marry a Chinese girl?
Should I convert from Catholicism to Islam in order to marry my Muslim boyfriend so we could have better rights in the UAE and Middle East?
What should a lonely wife do when a husband doesn't want affection or intimacy and thinks emotions are useless?
What are the merits and demerits of same age marriage?
Why is it so difficult to get married in India? I have been trying since 3 years now, but still not able to find a decent girl for myself.
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
What can you say about an abusive father that walked out of the life of his wife leaving three kids behind?
What is the Christian point of view regarding dating before marriage? Is it sin?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
How do I check Life 360 to see if my husband is faking his location?
Can I file charges against my wife for destroying 120 pictures I had on 5 walls?
What does it feel like to sleep with another man’s wife?
Is it okay for a Kashyap Brahmin to marry a Kashyap Bengali girl?
What steps should a women take to make her life secure at the age of 30 if she decides never to get married?
Why is there so much pressure from society and parents when you want the separation from your spouse (so called husband)? How can it be handled?
After a year living together, almost 4 years dating, my boyfried says he isn't sure about getting married. "He doesn't know". What should I do?
How it is like to not get married forever?
If one spouse is in the medical field (physician) and the other isn't, are they more likely to divorce?
How did Ali Alshamsi meet his wife?
What would be an ideal age to get married?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
What would it be like to marry a transgender lady?
Is divorce as hard on young kids as we're told it is?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
At the age of 22, should I prefer marriage or should I continue my studies?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a handjob?
Why is inter-caste marriage more important than an ideal marriage?
Can an INFP male have a happy marriage with an ESFJ woman?
Can arrange marriages lead to the use of drugs?
How common is it for a married couple, heterosexual or homosexual, to have a threesome?
Can an Indian citizen marry a girl from either the USA, UK, or France? If yes what is the diplomatic procedure to follow?
How did people show that they were married in the middle ages?
Is it possible for a person with a new Canadian PR visa to sponsor his wife?
Since sex is considered part of adult dating, does sex consummate a relationship? If yes, what consummates marriage?
Which actor or actress do you want to marry?
Married people of Quora, your spouse turns into a duck. How do you make your marriage succeed?
Richard I's sister marrying Saladin's brother was discussed during the 3rd Crusade negotiations. What might have happened had they gone through with it?
What do you think about inter-religious marriages?
What do women want in their "perfect" husband?
Why do Christians who use the religious sanctity of marriage argument against gay marriage think heterosexual civil marriage marriage is okay?
How do I settle a divorce in Canada?
What do you think about love marriage and arranged marriage?
How do I convince my husband that watching 1 hour of good (simple and beautiful) cartoons would not mentally harm our 2 and 4 year old daughters?
Are spinsters (childless women who have never married) the minority?
Why do most brides sell their wedding gowns after marriage?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can Priyanka Chopra marry a poor person like me?
Can married daughters claim their fathers’ property if the father died before the Hindu Succession Act of 2005?
Should I give myself a break if I have plans to get married?
What is the meaning of “It's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Are being a virgin, fair, and earning in the 6 figures the eligibility criteria every man seeks for marriage? If she earns less and has average looks, is she not worth it?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
What are some of ways to surprise your wife in bed?
What is it about married men who interact a lot with unattached, attractive women on Facebook? Should their wives get concerned?
I recently found out that my ex-wife has cancer and refuses to get treatment. How do I change her mind?
What are some difficult situations you've dealt with married to a US Marine?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
Is it better to leave a cheating husband even if you have a 3 year old kid?
How should I resolve a conflict between myself and my family about my future marriage?
How does a girl see the wedding night before expreriencing it? How about after? What does she actually want?
How do you win back the custody of your kids when your spouse has moved to another country with the kids?
Is it possible to save someone from a narcissists grasp (a marriage to one)?
Do a lot of marriages fail these days because people get in with the wrong motives? What then are the right motives for getting married?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
Would you let your wife stay friends with her ex-boyfriend(s)?
How much alimony should a women get from her Indian husband?
How many Indian men would be ready to marry a divorcee with a kid?
What are aspects we have to consider while choosing a girl for marriage?
Were marriage solemnization laws stricter at one time that the officiant had to be either a religious leader (priest/minister/rabbi) or a judge?
A husband brought home flowers for his wife every day but it turned out that he picked cemetery flowers. What would you do if you were his wife?
How can you deal with a proud wife?
Can I take my ex to court after the divorce because I am disabled?
If I have a wife, can I have a waifu?
My ex-wife says she is off illegal drugs now and wants to have unsupervised visits with the children. Should I trust her?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
How much difference is there between your height and your spouse's?
What's a good way to tell your family you are marrying yourself?
Did all great people in the world have a happy married life?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Can I get married and do a separate filing secretly without my parents finding out? My dad handles my taxes, so would he notice anything?
How often do most married couples in their 20s have sex, and how frequently should they to keep both parties happy?
If a person's name is Padma Ramesh, where Ramesh is her husband's name, what should be her given name and surname in her passport?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
How does it feel to cheat on your spouse?
Why would a woman who has been given a triple talaq want to stay with her husband?
Is the King of Norway affected by the Royal Marriages Act of 1772?
What was George T. Sampson's wife and child’s name?
What do we call a man whose wife is alive in Hindi?
Why did Ned's sister have to marry a Targaryen?
Are there any Cancer man and Gemini woman successfully and happily married couples on Quora?
What do you do when your husband gets mad at you for everything?
How can a Muslim revert find a husband?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
Do Muslims get married at a young age?
Would you marry a raped woman?
When will I get married? My self Krishna dob: - 25-02-1993,11:31pm,Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
How should one react after finding out that one’s husband has had an affair in the past?
Can a Taurus and Aquarius get married?
How would it be if, instead of a married couple (usually) taking the last name of the man, their last names were mixed with one half of one name and one half of the other name?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
Would a girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
Would you marry someone who has a lower salary than you?
Are toxic in-laws a deal breaker for a potential marriage?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
How do I stop being afraid of what kind of man I will get in an arranged marriage?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
How can a Jew and Catholic wed if neither faith allows interfaith marriages?
Do I need to get a hair transplant done just for an arranged marriage?
Can a Hindu marry his mother's father's sister's daughter's daughter?
Is it possible to inherit mother's community for children born out of inter community marriage?
I'm reading a lot of questions regarding failure in marriages and seeing many regrets about it under that topic. Isn't it possible to live without a life partner?
When can a Hindu man marry a second time?
Should people marry?
What is the proper procedure for obtaining a marriage certificate in Pune?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
What would you do if your husband hurt you by worst words?
Is there any rule in SSC AMC that after engagement, you are posted to the single station? For marrying a civilian.
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
I found my husband on the sex dating site JustBangMe. He said he was just curious if anyone would reply. Is he telling the truth?
Will I be able to get rid of the narcissist in my life after discovering that I have been married to one for the last 45 years?
I am married​ but not satisfied​. Do other people feel the same way?
I am having trouble expressing my anger and I usually keep it in. Is this normal or this is where it gets when you become adult?
Does an Indian woman have the right to leave her husband on the grounds of mental abuse, which she has no proof of?
Is ghost marriage real?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
My wife has been caught cheating and divorce is about to be finalized. How do I not fail my daughter as a father if I’m not getting custody of her?
How do I control temper?
What needs to be done if I want to marry Shraddha Kapoor and I'm only 21?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
What does the law state for a cruel husband having many affairs and has applied for divorce?
What do you do when your husband always thinks that you're lying?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
Is it okay to leave your spouse if you have been miserable with them for a long period of time?
How can someone not realise their partner's abusive & controlling nature before marriage?
According to the Hinduism, is marriage a sin?
What was marriage like during the Middle Ages?
Can Christians perform BDSM if they are married?
What are the 10 things every Indian should know before getting married?
How do I start over after leaving an alcoholic spouse?
How do I overcome from sadness after the death of spouse?
Is it practically possible for an unemployed, non-virgin, 26-year-old girl to get married through an arranged marriage system without a dowry?
Is it ok to love someone but not want to marry him?
What is the reason for not getting pregnant after marriage?
What are the indications a married woman is interested in me for the long term?
How do I make my husband understand that his parents are playing an evil drama to separate both of us?
Is it right to get a divorce? Won't it affect others?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
How did you feel when you found out your husband cheated?
How did you cope as a teenager when you found out your mother might be having an extramarital affair?
Have you seen a marriage in which the two families including the bride and groom don’t dance? Is this too modern?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
With shortage of women in China, why are there not more Chinese men marrying foreign women? Rather, the opposite is true.
What is the right of a wife to a husband's property?
I feel as though I will never get married because of who I am. So, my question is what is the best way to embrace a life of loneliness?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
How can I stop my husband from buying me food that makes me fat without being rude or hurting his feelings?
Is there a device that let you withdraw blood sample from some one when hes asleep or unaware? Like face-off movie when the wife tried it her husband
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
What are the terms "handfasting", "misyar" and "muta?
Can a Hindu boy marry a Muslim girl in any country?
How often do you contemplate your future wife/husband?
How can I deal with my wife never initiating sex?
What's your opinion of straight marriage?
Can I, as an asexual, marry someone and be close to them without sex (more like a friendship)?
Is there any court ruling in which a separated wife is denied of maintenance from her husband due to her high qualification?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Will Hindu society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
How do you feel when your husband leaves you for his parents?
What is a sign that your wife has a lesbian girlfriend?
Why should I marry my lover?
Should I marry a girl who earns more than me, but behaves like an animal with me? Her behaviour is worse than that of an animal.
Should I quit my PhD to marry?
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
What are we if our great grandparents married each other?
How do parents who believe in arranged marriage set up their children if the children are unattractive?
Why are people so crazy about marriage nowadays in spite of knowing the fact that nearly everyone is a non-virgin and has had an affair before?
My sister (Hindu Brahmin) wants to marry with a Muslim guy who is already married having 3 kids, how can I stop her?
Is it a good idea to hyphenate our surnames?
How can I get a divorce without giving my wife a cent when there are no kids involved?
Being a non-Bengali, what should I keep in mind if I want to marry a Bengali girl?
In an Indian family, should I take sides with my wife against my parents?
Is it possible for a man to marry a lady older than him?
How do I handle finding out that my husband slanders me on online forums yet acts so nice when he's with me in person?
How many rupees do you need to invest in a court marriage? What are the full details?
How can a divorced Muslim woman demand maintenance in India?
What kind of protection do I have as a wife married to a narcissistic possible sociopath husband?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
What is the medical explanation for dumb husband and wife having dumb kids?
Is it OK to say as a bride's father to the groom that if my daughter is abused physically even once I would ask her to come back and file for divorce?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
What are some ways to come alongside a spouse who was abused as a child? How do you keep this from affecting your marriage?
What news outlets in the US can help a woman expose her ongoing plight with Family Court and her ex-husband?
What is the darkest secret you will not tell your spouse?
At what age, generally, does a male doctor get married?
Do you regret your marriage?
What kind of girl would you like to marry?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
How will a playboy treat his wife after marriage?
What should I say to a stubborn relative trying to convince me to get married when I want to focus on my studies?
How has too much masturbation affected your married life?
Would you sleep with your brother-in-law to save your marriage?
Does my husband have a good chance of getting sole custody?
What is the best word that a husband can tell to his wife?
How much money does a girl need to pay her husband after divorce if she is the sole earner in the family?
How did the return of your ex in your life ruin your marriage?
Are there any non-Indian girls who like Indian culture and want to marry an Indian guy? In that case, would you settle in India?
What is the difference between an Indian husband and that of western husbands?
What documents are required for a fresh passport application for women after marriage?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
What are the things that a mother of girls should do when divorcing and if remarrying?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
I used to be quite an optimist. My husband called me his sugar coater. Life happened and that faded. How can I get back to that attitude?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
How can you stay with your wife in peace?
How do I know for sure that monogamy is not my thing?
What are the signs of a married Muslim guy/man?
Can I date a second cousin once removed?
Do you regret marrying a wrong person who doesn't value his wife’s feelings?
How did Antoine Lavoisier’s wife contribute to his success?
If Muslims can marry and have love affairs with their cousins, then how come Behn****d is a cuss word among Pakistanis?
For Venezuelan Quorans; how does the situation there affect personal plans? Do people still fall in love, marry, study, or just plan on leaving?
Why is it wrong to have intercourse with another man's wife?
Do you regret your marriage, and why?
Are sexually satisfied women less prone to have extramarital affairs?
How should I deal with my husband since he does not help in household chores?
Do Jews have a problem with Esther marrying a gentile? If not, why not?
Will any girl marry a boy having Cerebral Palsy and not able to walk properly?
How do closeted men have children with women if they're gay? How do some of them marry women if they have no romantic or sexual feelings for the women?
Why does the Indian marriage system favour women only?
What is some good advice for a newly-married girl regarding sex?
When and how do I decide that I should go for a divorce and end my 2-year-old marriage?
Why should I take care of the parents of my wife?
What should I do if my boyfriend ignores the topic of marriage, but still wants to be in a relationship with me?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
What factors should one consider before the marriage of a daughter?
How can you ignore your husband in an argument?
Do blow jobs end after marriage?
What are the pros and cons of no sex before marriage?
Will you marry a man who is not virgin?
What should I do if my girlfriend is getting married to someone else because of family pressure? I am dying inside because I lost my life.
Why do people think "Ms." means previously married?
Do you find it humiliating to ask for sex from your wife?
What is the best way to convince modern guys that marriage is useful to them?
Do Chinese men still prefer to marry virgins?
What are the things a bride should buy?
Life after a divorce needs encouraging ideas. What are they?
Why is the amount of alimony directly proportional to the degree of richness of the husband?
Who should pray more the husband or the wife?
Do you agree that the police shouldn't accept the cases where the wife petitions for a case in a police station, without an investigation against the husband?
Is it ok for an unmarried Indian to change religion at the age of 22?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
What will life be like after marriage?
Where can I find single women who are US citizens and willing to marry an H1B candidate?
Can a Gazetted Officer marry a girl of a different religion?
What should I do if the love of my life is going to get married? Her family is quite wealthy and I can't fight them. They have threatened to harm me as well.
When it comes to arranged marriages, is it fine to hide information about their past relationships, physical relations, and virginity and about their past before the marriage?
Did Aamir Khan use triple talaq when he divorced his first wife, Reena?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
Why does an Indian girl prefer a boy in marriage who earns more than she does? Isn't this pseudo-feminism?
Can I take 50g of jewels and my marriage chain with me to the USA and then return back to India?
How often do you watch porn after marriage?
What is the marriage rate of developed countries?
Should I date someone who doesn't want to marry me?
Is there an app that can help husbands keep track of their wife's periods, so that we they can make their lives comfortable?
Is it easy to get married in Romania?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
How do I leave my husband who keeps stressing me out and makes me "walk on eggshells"?
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
How do I live up to my full potential without causing my spouse to feel inferior?
How will be my career and married life (DOB: 10 Jan 93, 12:35 p.m, Calcutta)?
If I'm Mexican American and convert to Islam, will it be hard for me to find a husband with the difference in culture?
Am 27 year old virgin man from India, Will you marry me?
Don't you think Indian wives are more devoted to their husbands as compare to the devotion of husband towards his wife?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
What does Islam say about pre-marital sex with one's spouse? What's the punishment prescribed for it?
Can Indian women marry a girl who earns less than her?
Is it alright to expect my husband to share his passwords with me? I have told him all of mine.
What attitudes should people have about living together before marriage?
Which is the best site to check GSB divorcee brides?
Does a husband have rights after a divorce to have part of his ex-wife’s deceased husband's life insurance benefits?
Are there any Madhwa Brahman girls working in Deloitte Bangalore (US India), who are ready for marriage?
What if getting married isn't an escape?
What are good advises I should keep in mind before getting married?
Is look important for marriage?
My friend is going through a bad marriage. Where can she find an affordable psychologist in Toronto?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Can I marry my mothers uncle's daughter's daughter?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
If the dowry system stops in India, will women and their families stop expecting high salary guys as their groom?
As part of an arranged marriage proposal, I was talking to the guy for the last 4 months. Only now he tells me he doesn't have any feelings for me. What should I do?
What do you think of pre-wedding shoots? Do they hold any importance?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Is it possible to for a civilian doctor to marry a female army officer?
What reasons besides abuse, infidelity, and incompatibility can cause divorces?
How do I convince my wife that I'm not cheating if I have before?
How do I make my wife happy if she lives in another state?
How do I fall ill on the day of my marriage?
Why do men cheat and lie to their wives? If they want to cheat why don't they just tell their wife or leave?
Can you keep your SSDI when you get married?
Should I marry a girl who has had physical relations with her brother?
How far should I go (distance-wise) to escape my in-laws? No, more seriously, my husband is a only child and his parents are very clingy. What to do?
How can I make my husband respect me and take care of me?
How do I control and advise a daughter who wishes to go for an intercaste marriage with another community?
How can an Indian man marry a British woman?
Should I marry at the age of 23?
Is it common in the Middle East for straight males to engage in sex with other men before they marry a woman?
Will a narcissistic/psychopathic ex husband ruin any future relationships I try to have?
Why did Shivagami marry Bijjaldeva?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a blowjob?
Is it rape if someone's mom forces him to have sex with his wife?
Have any Indian guys married a Chinese girl? Wouldn't there be a huge cultural disconnect?
In India, during a passport renewal, is it mandatory to give the last name of my wife or can I provide just the first name of my wife?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
After 25 years of marriage, how can I tell if my wife's lack of affection is health related or if it may be time for a divorce?
Is there any Indian law which threatens an abusive husband so that a wife can stay in the marital home peacefully without divorce?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
How likely would you be to cheat on your spouse?
What is the best way to marry an atheist?
What should I do with my wife on bed?
Why do Kerala men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, or someone who is settled abroad?
Why are so many men willing to throw away years of a good marriage to a decent person just because 'life isn't as fun as it used to be'?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Why does God command you to marry someone who sexually assaulted you?
What was Laci Peterson's husband’s name?
How do I get happiness with my wife?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
Do you believe in the sanctity of marriage?
What are the criteria for becoming an infidel?
What are the different types of marital affairs?
If you were a god, would you be okay with five men gambling their wife (polymorous) in a game of poker?
Why is it that North Indian boys always try to dominate their wives after marriage?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
How can I increase my wife’s interest in sex?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
How do you deal with someone who doesn't seem to have a heart in a relationship?
Can you suggest a plot twist for a story in which a girl is marrying a boy she doesn't want to marry?
Why was the mut’a marriage system (temporary marriage) formed?
Is it compulsary to change name on all documents of a Hindu girl after getting converted?
What are your views about polyandry and polygamy? Does it have benefits?
Do Indian parents give an equal education and an equal amount of food to their son and their daughter?
What is the law in the Indian Constitution for divorce?
Do majority of Arabs still practicing polygamy?
What are the steps to get married with a foreigner in Indonesia?
What are the dos and don’ts a man should maintain to have a healthy, friendly and romantic relationship with his wife, if it's an arranged marriage?
What are your thoughts on the ages of girls being allowed to marry as per the Child Marriage Act?
Who were Ashoka’s wives?
Why do the people of India think sex is a big deal, not allowing sex before marriage?
How do you justify an arranged marriage?
How do I clear my confusion about my arranged marriage?
Can I claim to get married to my boyfriend on the basis of four years of physical relation with consent?
Why do people still marry in spite of their groom/bride being a non-virgin?
What is it like to be married to a Japanese man?
After 13 years of marriage, and with 3 children, is it the right decision to ask for a divorce because of a lack of understanding with your spouse?
Why do female narcissist prefer married men?
What are some good ways to divorce your Asian wife after just 4 months of controlling and cruel behavior?
In Pride and Prejudice, if a girl got married, would the estate go to her or would it still go to Mr Collins? Would her husband change his name?
What are some questions to ask my significant other on date night?
What is the best plot twist for a story in which a girl is getting married to the person she doesn't like?
Can a Buddhist girl marry a Muslim boy?
After a divorce everyone says to "find yourself"? Please elaborate. I am 50 I hope I am sort of found.
If your father is handsome and your mother is ugly, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
When did Meena Kumari get married?
How do I handle marriage pressure from parents?
Does women’s libido remain the same with age or there’s some drastic drop after kids are born and many years of marriage?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
What changes when you get married?
How can I ask her father for her hand in marriage if he is orthodox?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Can my wife flash the room servant?
Would a Malayalee girl like to marry a Bihari boy? If yes, how would their life be?
Are you planning to get married anytime soon?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
Did Mohammed have 13 wives?
What is a good response to a question "Why you don't have a boyfriend / husband?"?
If a U.S resident does not own a car, is he considered poor and will have trouble finding a girlfriend/wife?
My age is 24. My parents are forcing me for marriage. But I want to work for 1 year. What can I do?
What are the benefits if HCL employees married each other?
In the old period of India, because of the importance of the caste system, why did people choose to marry within the community and not to marry outside of the community with a different community?
Is there anyone who got pregnant before marriage?
How much does hiring a detective for pre-marriage investigation costs?
Why is calling your husband by his name considered a taboo by some Indian societies?
When did you realize you married a boy in a man's body?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
Can a man with blood group A positive marry a woman with blood group B Rh positive?
What's the best way to deal with in-laws interference that is spoiling one's married life?
Can I marry my grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
What is the most unrewarding chore that one does for their spouse?
What are common problems men face with their wives after marriage?
Why do Hindu girls hate Hindu boys?
Can I write my husband's surname after my whole name without any documentation?
Is it ok to visit a call girl to satisfy your physical need while you are not married?
How do I improve my seriously unromantic husband?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
If I get married to a US citizen, can I travel outside of the US if my i-130 and i-485 are pending?
I am a resident of Delhi and got married on 3rd May 2017; we are now about to register the marriage. What is the procedure for a name change?
It is illegal to have two wives in the UK?
What is the deep meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
What are the perks of marrying a village girl?
How do I stand up to my narcissistic MIL when I feel I can't be myself around her?
Can you justify an affair because your husband has prostate issues and is impotent?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
How should you talk to the father of a boy about him marrying your daughter?
Will any Indian girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
What is life like after marriage in a typical Indian family for a 21st century girl?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian girls to lead a good married life?
What are some of the questions you've to answer yourself before getting married?
What is the best way get my buddy and his wife to have a threesome?
What are the legalities surrounding Mail Order Brides and Husbands?
What can I do to bring back my spouse?
How do you get your wife to appreciate you?
Why are 36 year old, unmarried females with kids still single and not married?
What kind of ring is suitable for marriage?
I am getting divorced because I was not aware of the severity of my PCOS before and my husband thinks I deceived him. Do I deserve this?
Can wives feed their husbands?
Childless couples, why do you support your unemployed partner?
Why do men have fantasies about other women, even when they are happily married?
What's the best game to play with my wife?
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
How can we get a good spouse?
Why do men watch porn even though they are married?
How do I forgive my wife?
How can I give a second chance to my marriage?
As a feminist Indian women, can you elaborate on your experience in dating Indian men or meeting prospective grooms for an arranged marriage?
Can I marry my paternal grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
My husband wants a divorce. Can I say "No"?
How do you stop hurting and feeling heartbroken for yourself and for your 2 children after a divorce you didn't want?
How can I prevent my husband from cheating on me and the kids?
How do I convince my husband to not have a second child because he wants a son?
In some communities, are gay or lesbian people forced into relationships/marriages?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
If you're a married person, is hugging someone other than your spouse or family taboo?
I got married 3 months ago and my wife cries over every little thing (emotional blackmail). How should I handle this?
How do I break the truth to an obese friend who thinks hedge fund managers should marry her because of her nice personality?
Do Filipino women date/marry uncircumcised men?
If a wife beats her husband, what should he do?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
What was the biggest single reason that people divorce?
Who is legally able to marry people?
Is there any special procedure to divorce a husband who is a judge?
What may be the punishment if a lady is blamed for maintenance, dowry, and harassment over her husband?
Can I have a boyfriend while I’m waiting for my divorce?
What does it feel like when you begin having sex just after you get married?
Can an Iyer boy marry a Konkani Brahmin girl?
How do I get a court marriage done in Delhi?
Have you ever thought you should have married your spouse’s sibling instead?
For same-sex couples in conservative countries which do not consider your status as a couple, do you ever feel hopeless in your future?
Is sex with with a married woman who is separated from her husband appropriate?
What should I do if caste is a problem for marriage?
Why do men even get married when they can't be satisfied and they can't stay faithful?
How long do you talk to a girl before getting married in the Indian arranged marriage system?
Is virginity a main key for a happy life marriage? How important is it? Why and why not.
Why do so many young boys think confession is how you get a girlfriend?
One of the banquets and conventions center guys asked me for a 15% service tax. Is this right for a marriage?
Henry is famous for killing wives, but, also, for what else?
Is it too difficult for a woman in India to live her life independently after divorce?
Why does my husband say nasty things to me even after 26 years of marriage?
How should I have sex with my virgin wife on our wedding night?
I am 20 years old and I completed my graduation. When should I marry my girlfriend?
How does frequent masturbation effect married life?
How does it feel to marry your first cousin whom you never liked nor thought about it in your wildest of dreams?
Do you help your wife with housechores? Does your husband help you with housechores?
What is the longest time you have ever gone without sexual intercourse with your spouse?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
How many wife's did the Nizam have?
How did divorce affect you? How do you look back at your previous marriage and ex-spouse?
How were you feeling during your marriage?
What would be the new talaq and marriage laws under the uniform civil court (in India)?
Would you tell your spouse you are having problems at work?
How should I tell my parents that I'm not ready to get married?
Is dating married women without doing sexual intercourse comes under adultery in Indian law?
How should I deal with a narcissistic husband?
Would the first lady of America still hold her position if she gets divorced from POTUS?
What qualities are considered by modern Indonesian men when it comes to marriage?
Why didn’t Harry Potter marry Cho Chang? Was it because of her race, her flat face, or because she is not attractive?
Is it ok to marry an ex who got a divorce after a marriage of 10 days?
How did you feel on the next day of your marriage?
Who is your favorite "We Got Married" couple?
Is it normal to obsess over your husband's ex when there is nothing going on between them?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
What will my wife get when we divorce after 3 months of marriage?
What are the best questions to ask a guy whom you are meeting for the first time for an arranged marriage to know more about his nature?
What happens when a female Judge gets married to a doctor?
How does it feel to marry your teacher?
Can marriage help to attain enlightenment?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What kinds of gifts are good for grooms and brides?
In Chinese family culture, why is it usually understood that there tends to be conflict between a man's wife and his mother?
What should you do when your spouse says "what a waste of 30 years, being ​with you"?
How do I get over the guilty feeling that I have since I decided to live in a separate house than my parents in same city for my wife?
What is the name of the old porn in Italian/French where a husband and wife have sex to seduce the neighbour woman and make her have sex with them?
Can wedding officiants do funerals?
What visa does a Sri Lankan citizen need to apply for to be able to marry or study in India?
If I marry my mother's brother's daughter (cross-cousin), will the child face birth defect problems?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
Do I stay with a controlling, narcissistic husband who hates my kids just because of the money?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
I have difference of opinion with my wife. We haven't spoken for more than a year. We live in the same house. Should I go for divorce?
How much I need to pay to become a bride in BBB with Sabyasachi?
What is the importance of a courtship period for marriage?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Why do you want to remain single and not want to marry in India?
How long is the divorce process?
What exactly is a Jocosta complex? Are there any real life examples of such a fixation?
Is it possible to get genital warts if you have been faithfully married to the same person for 10 years?
If a husband asking for money is a crime, why is it not a crime for a wife to do the same?
Despite marriage's legal benefits, wouldn't it be less risky to remain unmarried since nowadays many marriages end in divorce?
What do girls want their husband to be like?
Why should I stay alone & not get married?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
As a PR, can you sponsor your elder brother to Canada even though you are married with a kid?
How do I convince a soon-to-be married man not to cheat on his fiancee with me?
What are the most common marriage problems?
How does state paternity laws apply to same-sex marriages?
Are prisoners in US jails allowed to get married?
What percent of women remain virgins until marriage?
What are the basics requirements of marriage in Islam?
Do all young parent marriages crash?
Do Indian Muslim men support polygamy? If yes, why?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Has anyone ever had a "good" extramarital affair, in which they did not regret the affair? What were the reasons for it? How did it end?
What is wrong about marrying someone you feel nothing for?
How is married life for a female IFS officer?
How do I convince my wife to have sex with me?
Is there a marriage museum in your country?
How can I check my husband’s WhatsApp?
Do extramarital affairs really happen in Uttar Pradesh?
Why in Islam is marriage a legal contract between two persons, while divorce or triple talaq is a matter of faith and based on religious beliefs?
If your spouse doesn't mind if you cheat on him or her, would you cheat?
A friend registered his marriage but he didn’t have a valid proof of address. He paid extra money to the lawyer and got it done. Is the marriage valid in India?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
The K2 holder has eloped. The petitioner will not seek an adjustment of status for her. What will happen to the bride?
What can I do if my wife hates our country and doesn’t want to live here?
Why wasn't my husband allowed to speak for me at the emergency room? I was barely conscious and couldn't breathe due to pneumonia.
Why is my wife self exploitative and what should I do?
What were the ages that people got married in the 1860's?
How do I get over a divorce from a serial liar?
Why is intercaste marriage so important compared to ideal marriage?
Why do older Indian/Asian husbands walk so far ahead of their wives down the street?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
What is it like to marry a rationalist? I am an extremely emotional person.
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
Is it okay to give a finger ring to your partner before marriage?
How many men marry a prostitute or a sex worker without knowing it?
Where can I find married women that want to have sex?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
How would you know if the one you are dating is going to be your future spouse?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
Many metaphors in poems of Li Bai, physical transformation, dream state, arranged marriage, royal military procession. Which one resonates with you?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
How do I divorce my narcissist husband without him manipulating my 20 year old son?
Do you think it's possible for mainland China to legalize same-sex marriage?
The person with the most influence on a person is their spouse. Why is there not a requirement for POTUS's spouse to also be a natural-born American?
What law should be used against an Indian husband to continue the matrimonial profile after marriage and to chat with girls in matrimonial chats?
Should I be involved with married women?
Is it possible​ for me to marry​ a Pakistani girl on today's​ date?
As a Hindu, I want to marry for a second time without divorcing my first wife. Is converting to Islam for namesake the only recourse for me?
In Washington State, what are one's divorce rights if their spouse cheats on them?
When is a marriage not a marriage (considering the sex, sacrament and contract in a Hindu marriage)?
What qualities must be seen in a boy before marriage of one’s daughter?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
How does it feel when you see the woman of the house go to work whereas the man does housework?
Do men prefer working wives nowadays?
Is it true Shias can temporarily marry their mothers in the tradition of Mutah?
Why does Catholicism not allow divorce but instead only annulment?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Is there an expiration date for a civil wedding?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Is India the worst country to get married for men, with so much female-centric laws ready to screw their life?
Why does a husband stay angry at wife when he is the one who hurts her?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
My husband isn't affectionate or intimate. What should I do?
Whenever I ask my boyfriend for marriage, he only delays. He never says no. But my parents want me to get married. What should I do?
He's been separated for nearly one year and has yet to be divorced. When is it okay to couple up?
What is a bride’s price?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
Why is my husband abusing me every day?
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
How do I become a loving husband?
Was it necessary for Robb Stark to marry Talisa when he did? Couldn’t he have just waited and broke the Frey alliance after their victory?
What are some useful books to get advice on interracial marriages?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
When requested to do a pointless task, what should I do if the resulting argument by disagreeing would actually take longer than the task itself?
In what circumstance should I get a divorce?
Do you think Katrina has taken a right decision for marrying a man like Ranbir Kapoor, even after being aware of his womanizing ways?
What should a mother say to her daughter when she is getting married?
Why are Hindu marriages done “Agni Sakshi” (fire as witness) and not “Panchabhoodham”?
What do you do when you believe your husband is cheating?
My husband doesn't like my family to come home. What should I do now?
What are the consequences of one who witnesses a court marriage in India?
Would a county clerk be committing an ethical breach by issuing a marriage license to an of-age person who didn't appear to be of sound mind?
What are the chances for a marriage to survive when one spouse decides to have a sexless marriage?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
Is it ok to marry a divorcee?
Will a man whose wife cheated multiple times with several men take her back after divorce?
Why do girls let themselves get pregnant without being married?
Where can I get a good doctor to treat my wife?
Do Indian girls reject boys older than than 30 years old for arranged marriages more than younger ones?
What happens if you marry someone who is still married to someone else?
What should be the age difference in couples for marriage?
Why do Chinese people like to marry on May 20?
If Negi was alive and married Hinata, who would be Naruto's next choice to marry?
Is Shabnam Lone married?
What are the remedies for an incompatible marriage, astrologically?
As for a woman, when is the best time to get married and have a kid?
Would Gordon Miller marry Ali Al Shamsi?
Why didn’t my narcissistic husband want to make love to me?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
Have you lost a spouse or significant other to an interoffice romance?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
Can a Japanese empress marry a European royal and remain her position in Japan?
What will happen if parents are banned from paying money for their children's marriage?
Why has my narcissist husband gone no contact with me?
What does it mean when a guy asks you when are you going to get married?
In KSA, do they kill people for adultery/cheating on their spouse?
What are the best ways for a South Indian guy to get an arranged marriage without parental support?
What should be the ground rules be for a husband and wife working in the same organisation?
How is life being married to a German woman, as a Muslim man?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
Why do we have to get married? Why is the need to get married so great that people are willing to marry someone they barely know?
Can you ask for a marriage annulment instead of a divorce in California?
What is the best way to catch my wife cheating?
Are there any experienced divorce attorney in Utah who can handle the divorce case professionally?
Is it wrong to marry someone’s husband?
Will there be an effect from marrying a young woman who was born with birth defects? (Her left hand fingers stopped developing from birth.)
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
How should I ask a woman to adjust her habits post-marriage?
How many girls’ parents had health issues when their daughter married a Muslim guy in India?
Why do celebrities marriages work?
Is there is secret behind marriage?
Is it ok when a wife with a kid stays permanently in her home, strictly saying no to her in-laws’ home, when the husband is working abroad?
Is it okay to get married in college if you are in a healthy relationship?
Does pickle decrease love between spouses?
Who do you blame in an affair? The woman or the man who vowed his loyalty to his wife?
What is Gandharv Vivah?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
How do the women in a polygamous type of marriage feel?
Does the Matsya Purana authorise a husband to beat his erring wife with a rope or split bamboo?
What is the divorce law in Australia? Who does get the assets?
Are there any special benefits if HCL employees married each other?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
How is your experience with your sister in law after marriage?
What might be the problem with me, because I tried many times to impregnate my wife with no results?
What are some good tips or techniques for a man to excite his wife in bed?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Why do people still divorce when they have lived together for a long time before they got married?
What can happen to a person if they don't marry the one they love?
How do I get my husband to sleep in the same room with me?
How common is it for a married couple to be completely celibate?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Is it worth waiting for sex until marriage? Why or why not?
Why don’t Indians think about making women self-dependent and treating them equally to sons at birth instead of thinking in terms of reducing them to maintenance or wives?
Is it okay to ask your spouse for a sexual relationship in your marriage?
Why sleeping with someone's wife so cool?
How is Bhadra depicted as the son of Bhallaladeva, when the wife of Bhallaladeva is not shown?
Why are women not against alimony?
If a girl gets pregnant, should she and the father of her unborn child get married or is it totally irrelevant?
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
What are the signs if a Muslim guy/boy/man is married or has already had a wife?
Will the Roman Catholic Church allow a marriage between a Christian guy and a Hindu girl without any conversion?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
Is it ok for my wife to sleep with my penis inside her?
How do you get what you want in a divorce?
Can non-Kashmiris marry Kashmiri girls/boys?
Do you think that married scientists have lower chances of being as good as un-married ones?
How do Indian girls view an affair or relationship with a young, unmarried smoking hot male teacher?
What goes on in the mind of an abusive husband?
What is the online marriage procedure in Pakistan?
If you had to marry a celebrity who was the opposite of the gender you’re normally attracted to, who would you pick?
While going through a divorce, my husband disappeared. Will my divorce be granted with a settlement?
In the United States, what percentage of average, non-"sleazy" men cheat on their wives?
If a scheduled caste girl gets married into a Brahmin family, will her family get reservations in the future?
Can a stable society exist where every man is a king and his vassals are his fists?
What is your feeling if your girlfriend’s or your wife’s job salary is more than your salary?
Is it possible to guarantee your wife does not get a previously owned house after a divorce other than a pre-nup (California)?
What is the best way to look up marriage records?
Should I date a person before marriage? If yes, why?
Which type of sex style does a male like after marriage?
What was Patton Oswalt's tweet about his wife and his daughter's resemblance?
What are the ways to find a husband who is imperfectly perfect for someone?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
Is getting married an essential part of life?
What are the truths hidden from your husband?
Is child marriage illegal in India?
Fellow women, at what age did you accept that you likely were never going to become famous or marry the celebrity crush of your teenage years?
Why is it said that it's a husband's duty to feed his wife and protect her? Why never the other way? Are husband's just worker bees and bodyguards?
Can I marry my maternal aunt's sister while being in a Hindu family?
How can you convince the groom's family it's not fair to ask for a dowry?
I'm happier after my divorce even though my ex is in the dumps. How do I deal with this guilt?
What should I do about my narcissistic husband of 19 years, and we have 4 kids? I'm living a life in confinement.
How do I know when it’s time for a divorce?
If you are a male, and for some reason you can never get married (disability, severe lack of confidence etc.), how do you cope?
What is it to have sex before marriage and you are not so sure if you will surely marry the other person or not?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
Do Manglik boys ever get married?
Have you hidden anything from your husband?
Is it necessary to marry again after a painful divorce? What are the counter side effects of being alone?
What is the budget for a middle class family to marry a girl child?
How is the life of a female IAS after marriage? Is it difficult to manage between family and the duties of being an IAS?
My husband's sister is mooching off him. How can I stop her?
How do you recover after discovering that your deceased spouse was unfaithful?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
Why do women lose interest in sex after marriage?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
How do you regard your marriage?
Is it healthy to be in a relationship or get married to someone with the same age?
How many numbers of gf or bf before marriage can be consider normal?
How do I advise my son regarding an inter-caste marriage with an elder girl?
What would it be like if I got married to my mother's niece? Are there any negative effects?
What if my brother filed a divorce case against her wife? We are fed up of her cruelty. What kind of proofs should we collect?
Have you ever been harrassed or threatened by your wife with false cases?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian female to lead a good married life?
What is life like being married to an engineer?
As a woman, what qualities do you need to be present in your husband?
How can you spoil your husband?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
Should I get a divorce because my wife hates to have sex with me? It makes me feel awful about myself.
Is it fine to marry a girl who has been in a relationship with nearly 3 to 4 boys?
Can you have sex with your wife whilst in prison?
How do I advise my son about an international marriage from an older girl?
If someone marries a woman with a kid, how does society react?
What do you mean by the divorce which is held by mutual understanding in India?
My husband have 5 girls with his previous wife and I have 1 girl from my previous marriage. Is it possible for us to have a son?
How many people get married due to social/family pressure in India?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
Is it ok for a man to beat up his wife?
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
If a married woman (with two daughters age 20 around) wants to have sex with me (single, 23), what should I do?
Will they remove my husband’s name off the lease because lately they’ve been finding ways for him to move back to the barracks?
What should the behaviour of an individual be after marriage?
What are the ugly truths about looking for a bride in Tamil matrimonial websites?
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
We are 52 and 53; I am in premenopause. My husband wants it all the time, and we're both frustrated. What is a fair compromise on sex in a marriage?
Why does my husband insist on sex through my mouth only?
Is it ever okay to hope your parents get divorced?
My husband of 28 years has left the house to his children from a previous marriage. How is this possible?
What happens when a narcissistic girl marries an empath?
What is the proper way for a Jewish divorce to be handled when there are kids involved?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Should I marry a person who had sex with multiple partners?
What can a man do when he has no desire to have sex with his wife of 15 years?
How do you know if your wife is faithful or not?
Is waiting for one’s own arranged marriage a kind of disability? Is it right to ask someone to find someone for me?
Do Muslims follow lifestyle of Mohammed and marry off their child to a old man?
How can I do online marriage in Pakistan?
Was Vivekanandha married?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
If marrying more than one woman is forbidden in the West, could you have children with several mistresses all while living in one house?
Are you single or married? Why?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
When did you realize your relationship was over and how did you feel?
What are the rights that the Indian constitution provides a woman if she is getting divorced?
Can a pair who betray their spouses and leave them to be together sustain their relationship for long & how can they trust knowing they both cheated?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
Will society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
Why are most marriages in India decided by partner complexion, caste, and income, unlike other countries?
Why are children born to Hindu mothers married to Muslim men fanatic Muslims?
If your father is attractive and your mother is not so, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful, would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
Is it wrong to marry a lady 12 years younger than me?
Why was Mohammed poor? Wouldn't he have inherited his first wife's wealth?
Will the dowry system in the Kerala Muslim community end?
Should I have an affair with a married woman?
Can the Menon and Ghosh cast get married?
Is it possible to inter-caste a marriage between a Yadav community girl and a Brahmin boy?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
What should I do if I have a wife, who gets angry for some small issue, and persuading her is super hard and ends like a revengeful event?
A narcissist says that his wife tells him that men fancy her, and that she does it to make him jealous. Would that be true?
If a Christian woman wants to marry a Tunisian male in Tunisia, would the woman have to convert to Islam?
What should a mother of two children do if she finds out that her officer husband engaged in oral sex before and after their marriage?
What's you and your spouses story?
Are marriages without a proper courtship period doomed to fail?
My wife goes to Osho meditation centre in Pune. Will she have sex and shall I trust her?
What do you think about a psychologist seeing both partners of a marriage separately and indefinitely?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
My partner and I have Mangal Dosha with the same rashi and the same star. Can we get married?
Do you think matrimonial websites are really helpful in finding a man to many?
How can I marry an American?
Can I marry my maternal grandmom’s brother’s son’s daughter?
Does a Muslim girl stand a chance of marrying a Korean guy?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
What is the best song for my sister who is getting married?
Can a Muslim husband and non Muslim wife stay as married couples in Dubai?
What job offer did Bill Clinton ignore so he could be with Hilary before they got married?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
What will happen if a divorce case in India results in a stalemate?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
Which blood group for a boy is suitable for a B-Negative girl for marriage?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
What is child marriage called?
Why can't we have laws preventing some parents from divorce?
Is it true that in India a man still cannot marry outside his caste without being a disgrace to his whole family?
Is it mandatory to marry the one whom you love?
Are al-hoor al-iyn (virgins) concubines or wives of Muslims in Jannah?
Are BPDs capable of long-term, happy, and drama-free marriages?
If a husband & wife have sexual relations every day, does this cause any problem for the man or woman?
Should I marry a girl whom I don't like but my family members love?
Why are some mothers and husbands so negative?
What you do if your husband had an overly high sex drive?
What are good questions for married couples to their spouse on date night?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Why do so many Iranians in America marry out of their group?
What do you do when your wife doesn't want a divorce, but wants to be on her own for a while?
Why do Kerala Christian men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, specifically someone who is settled abroad or someone working abroad?
Is it unethical to love a married lady who is deprived of love by her husband?
How do you plan to move to another country or state if you're married with kids and don't have a job there?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Can I marry an orphan girl in Delhi?
How do you know if you're being cheated on by your spouse?
Is it okay to divorce your wife after finding out that she has PCOS and was not aware of its severity until she told her doctor/husband?
What can I do if I am being mentally, financially and emotionally harassed by my husband even after 10 years of marriage?
Is it reasonable for a couple to come to an agreement that the one that wants children be the one responsible for most of the childcare?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
When will gay marriage be legalized in Indonesia?
How do I identify a Cheating married man lover?
Will you allow your spouse to practice their own religion?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
Can I ever trust my cheating wife again?
Why did I check out of life after my divorce and losing my children, while others are able to move forward after such losses?
How do Indian men like their future wives to be? Has there been any change of mindset from previous generations?
What would happen if I marry again without divorcing my husband first?
How many of you are stuck in a bad marriage and what is your story?
Are there any married couples with same Gothra having healthy kids or with genetic defects?
How can I convince my wife to get a mutual divorce?
What actually happens during wedding night in the Muslim tradition?
Who is the wife of cricketer Rohit Sharma?
Is having a narcissist as a girlfriend different from having her as a wife?
Can a wife without any children even after 9 years of marriage claim maintenance from her husband?
How much is it to get married in the beach in southern California? (it's an under 10 person wedding)
Is it really possible to transform ourselves after marriage?
Is a prenup agreement the only solution for Indian males?
How do I get my husband to stop verbal/emotionally abusing me?
Is it normal for a man to want to share his wife with other men?
How do I find the courage to divorce my wife?
Is it difficult to find a modern virgin girl for marriage these days in India?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
What if a marriage is in the 6th house with Venus and the Sun in the Taurus sign? Would the marriage happen or no?
Does marriage kill the joy of life?
How can I let go of my personal insecurities to help improve my marriage?
Did the wives of the Shia Imams practice temporary marriage called Muta?
Have you cried over your wife?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
How do men of India compromise after marriage?
How difficult is it to be married to a soldier?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
Is it hard for a man to improve his professional career after marriage?
Can I marry an army officer when I was a doctor?
Is it okay to pressure your spouse for a physical relationship in your marriage?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
What are some ways to support marriage equality?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
I have to be very good to my husband's relatives, but he does not do the same. How do I cope with it?
How can I get up the nerve to play the songs I wrote in front of my wife if they involve painful relationship issues we've been through in the past?
How do I confront my wife about her Jio call records?
Why do Telugus force their kids to marry their cousins through arranged marriages?
How do I cope with a cheating spouse?
How did marriage impact your career, daily lifestyle and life generally? And what advice do you have for new couples?
Can a person who got married in India and divorced in the US marry again in the US (to an Indian) and file for her dependent visa in India?
If a girl or her parents expect a "high earning", "well settled" groom, then how exactly is dowry wrong?
What should I do if I am in a loving relationship with a married guy (who loves his wife too) and time-to-time I feel jealous of his wife?
If you are a man, would you marry a superwoman?
What should a daughter do if her parents don't support after her marriage?
What are the remedies for incompatibility in marriage?
Is Vivekananda married?
How do I cope living with a narcissistic wife without ruining the lives of our children?
Are Indian brothers okay with their sisters having physical relations with boyfriends before marriage? How do you feel? You may go anonymous and ans.
How do I know if we should get married?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
If you are unable to 'fit in' for much of your life (socially, jobs, marriages, etc.), what are the potential reasons? Can they be overcome?
Which cultures have the healthiest marriages?
How is the life of a Indian navy officer’s wife whose husband is a Lieutenant?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
If a lady is married and gets married again without a divorce, who made the mistake?
Can a B positive boy marry a B negative girl? Will they be a good couple or have any problems during pregnancy?
Can I like someone after marriage?
Why do most boys become more interested in married women?
What should I do if my wife doesn't like sex anymore?
How difficult is it to get Europe visa? I have recently quit my job as I am getting married in few months. What are the documents needed?
Which all are the famous temples in India where non-Hindus can get married?
How can my spouse accompany me to Canada after we are married?
What have you found out about your spouse that scares or upsets you?
Do women find it titillating to have sex with a married man?
Does the divorce law in Bangladesh need improvement?
What are your predictions about a career and marriage for a male born on 9th August, 1990, at 18:48 in Varanasi (U.P.), India?
What is Tejasvita Apte's view on fake dowry allegations against men?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
What is the average number of sex partners in the U.K before getting married?
How can you handle a bad wife who is pregnant?
What percentage of married women would be open to a hot wife/cuckold relationship? Do you have any thoughts?
If you believe that there must be a marriage to be in a relationship, but you know that marriage isn't possible, are you not condemned to loneliness?
Which is the best online Tamil marriage match site?
How will my life be if I marry a lieutenant in the Indian Navy?
Does Indian law consider marriage as legal prostitution? Why should a man pay and take care of his wife in this independent world?
In a general sense, what should I expect from being married to a Georgian (as in the country next to Turkey)?
What is your story as a married daughter (Indian parents)?
How can I strongly and willingly get out of a co dependent marriage?
Are love marriages lust marriages?
What is the best age for Marriage in Pakistan?
Should I say yes to an arranged marriage with a guy who earns half of what I earn?
What is it like to be married to a scientist?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
What documentation changes will marriage under the Hindu Marriages Act, 1955 make, in context of an Aadhar card, PAN card, etc.?
What do you do when you are forced into a marriage? Do you leave the person or compromise?
Did marriage clear all my doubts?
How can I spend time with my wife in Andaman?
Is it possible to live without getting married?
Will intelligent women ever be taken professionally serious when the beautiful among them keep marrying wealthy men into a life of leisure?
How can marriage destroy someone?
If a wife registers for "file and suspend," when can her husband receive spousal benefits?
Do Indian martyrs’ wives get married again?
Does one have to be married to have IVF done in China?
Why is it my fault that my husband beats me then says sorry, cries, etc.? Is this guilt for his affairs?
What happens when a woman with bipolar does not reveal it to her husband?
What is the purpose of mentioning marriage status in application forms?
Should I be offended if my boyfriend didn't say Happy Mother's Day to me even though I do stuff for his daughter all the time?
What is the government of Singapore's stance on same-sex marriage?
Can I, a divorcee marry a bachelor?
Is it common to stay a virgin until marriage?
How does the virginity of husbands affect the wife?
Should I be leery about dating a 55 year old man that has never been married?
Does age matter when you marry somebody 8 years younger?
In India, what legal ways can a husband use to handle a criminal wife?
How come it's common for men to be married to women younger than them and rare the other way round?
Am I allowed to have a lot of sex with my wife when I get married according to the Bhagavad Gita?
Is it ok to marry a man younger than me?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
What should I do if my mother-in-law always shows partiality between her two daughters-in-law?
What kind of problems do Indian Army wives face, raising their children alone while their husbands are deployed?
If you are the husband/wife of a psychologist or any professional whose work is related to psychology, what is your life like?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Why don’t some marriages last?
Is it as lonely as people say to never get married or even date people?
How can I marry? I am 20 years old.
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
Would you answer this question if your husband asked: "which of your male friends qualifies to be your husband if we hadn't met?”
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
Is a marriage really over if the husband is a roaming sex addict?
Is it better to live alone or have a spouse that causes misery and emotional torment?
How do husbands remain faithful to their wives?
Why do Indian parents always prefer an arranged marriage over a love marriage?
Does the unfavourable marriage horoscope matching always fail?
Why are extramarital affairs on the rise in India?
How appropriate is it for a girl or her family to expect the groom to have 5x to 10x more income than her?
In India, can we marry another woman whose divorce case is still pending?
I told my boyfriend I wanted to marry him and he immediately said he was going to sleep. What do I do?
What are your thoughts of getting married at 19?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Can I marry in one city and do marriage registration in another city in India?
Why do married men get attracted to married women?
What are the tips you want to give to the bride who is getting married in 1 month?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Are there any cons to not getting married? I would like to hear from an elderly person who didn't get married.
Both of my parents hate each other and fight all time but refuse to get a divorce because of "the kids". Should I tell them to get a divorce?
When will Sara marry Harshvardhan Kapoor?
What dowry should a 28-year-old north Indian Brahmin boy demand from the prospective bride?
Do Indian men consider dating a 25 year old divorced woman without kids and with absolutely no mistake of hers in divorce?
Should I convert from Catholicism to Islam in order to marry my Muslim boyfriend so we could have better rights in the UAE and Middle East?
What should a lonely wife do when a husband doesn't want affection or intimacy and thinks emotions are useless?
What are the merits and demerits of same age marriage?
Why is it so difficult to get married in India? I have been trying since 3 years now, but still not able to find a decent girl for myself.
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
How do you begin to let go of losing a spouse?
Is it ok to marry a person who is having a hole in the heart?
What is the Christian point of view regarding dating before marriage? Is it sin?
Can I file charges against my wife for destroying 120 pictures I had on 5 walls?
What does it feel like to sleep with another man’s wife?
How do I marry a United States girl?
What steps should a women take to make her life secure at the age of 30 if she decides never to get married?
Why is there so much pressure from society and parents when you want the separation from your spouse (so called husband)? How can it be handled?
After a year living together, almost 4 years dating, my boyfried says he isn't sure about getting married. "He doesn't know". What should I do?
Did any of the presidents date their wives?
If one spouse is in the medical field (physician) and the other isn't, are they more likely to divorce?
How it is like to not get married forever?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
What would be an ideal age to get married?
Is divorce as hard on young kids as we're told it is?
What does it mean if you dream that someone you like got married?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
Can an INFP male have a happy marriage with an ESFJ woman?
How much does it take to get citizenship through marriage in Portugal?
Can arrange marriages lead to the use of drugs?
Are Pakistani husbands good to their wives, or do they cheat?
How common is it for a married couple, heterosexual or homosexual, to have a threesome?
How did people show that they were married in the middle ages?
Since sex is considered part of adult dating, does sex consummate a relationship? If yes, what consummates marriage?
Is it possible for a person with a new Canadian PR visa to sponsor his wife?
How can I marry a doctor?
What are Indian girls looking for these days in initial check for arranged marriage (Delhi)?
Which actor or actress do you want to marry?
Married people of Quora, your spouse turns into a duck. How do you make your marriage succeed?
What do you think about inter-religious marriages?
What do women want in their "perfect" husband?
Why do Christians who use the religious sanctity of marriage argument against gay marriage think heterosexual civil marriage marriage is okay?
How do I settle a divorce in Canada?
What should we know before starting our family?
My father had an extra marital affair with his friend’s wife who is now a widow. My mother passed away from a prolonged health ailment. Is there a legal remedy for me?
Why do most brides sell their wedding gowns after marriage?
How do I convince my husband that watching 1 hour of good (simple and beautiful) cartoons would not mentally harm our 2 and 4 year old daughters?
Are spinsters (childless women who have never married) the minority?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can married daughters claim their fathers’ property if the father died before the Hindu Succession Act of 2005?
In India nowadays, married women are misusing dowry laws. What do you say about this?
Should I give myself a break if I have plans to get married?
Can a married woman ask for child support from the man who impregnated her while she was married and still married?
Are being a virgin, fair, and earning in the 6 figures the eligibility criteria every man seeks for marriage? If she earns less and has average looks, is she not worth it?
What are some of ways to surprise your wife in bed?
What is it about married men who interact a lot with unattached, attractive women on Facebook? Should their wives get concerned?
I recently found out that my ex-wife has cancer and refuses to get treatment. How do I change her mind?
Does Chinese Zodiac affect your marriage?
What are some difficult situations you've dealt with married to a US Marine?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
Is it better to leave a cheating husband even if you have a 3 year old kid?
How should I resolve a conflict between myself and my family about my future marriage?
How does a girl see the wedding night before expreriencing it? How about after? What does she actually want?
What is the most challenging issue in marrying an average Japanese girl regardless of language barrier?
How do you win back the custody of your kids when your spouse has moved to another country with the kids?
Is it possible to save someone from a narcissists grasp (a marriage to one)?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
Do a lot of marriages fail these days because people get in with the wrong motives? What then are the right motives for getting married?
How many Indian men would be ready to marry a divorcee with a kid?
How much alimony should a women get from her Indian husband?
What are aspects we have to consider while choosing a girl for marriage?
What are the hurdles in an inter-caste marriage, in India, among Hindus, now in 2017?
What is the right age of marriage for guys settled in Mumbai?
If someone were to marry conjoined twins, would it be considered polygamy?
Do Koreans marry women older than them?
Can I take my ex to court after the divorce because I am disabled?
My ex-wife says she is off illegal drugs now and wants to have unsupervised visits with the children. Should I trust her?
What's a good way to tell your family you are marrying yourself?
How much difference is there between your height and your spouse's?
What are the documents required for a re-issue of passport after marriage? Do you need an affidavit for the name change of the wife?
Does Pakistan follow triple talak (Muslim men can divorce their wives by saying divorce 3 times)?
Did all great people in the world have a happy married life?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
How often do most married couples in their 20s have sex, and how frequently should they to keep both parties happy?
How do you do when your wife always complain about your low salary and weak ability?
If a person's name is Padma Ramesh, where Ramesh is her husband's name, what should be her given name and surname in her passport?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
How does it feel to cheat on your spouse?
Why would a woman who has been given a triple talaq want to stay with her husband?
Is the King of Norway affected by the Royal Marriages Act of 1772?
What do we call a man whose wife is alive in Hindi?
Why did Ned's sister have to marry a Targaryen?
Are there any Cancer man and Gemini woman successfully and happily married couples on Quora?
Is my husband a white knight narcissist?
What do you do when your husband gets mad at you for everything?
How can a Muslim revert find a husband?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
Do Muslims get married at a young age?
Could I marry a Mormon woman as a transman?
Would you marry a raped woman?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
When will I get married? My self Krishna dob: - 25-02-1993,11:31pm,Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Can a Taurus and Aquarius get married?
Would a girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
Should I get married if I have no other choice?
Would you marry someone who has a lower salary than you?
Can a Hindu marry his mother's father's sister's daughter's daughter?
Are toxic in-laws a deal breaker for a potential marriage?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
How can a Jew and Catholic wed if neither faith allows interfaith marriages?
Do I need to get a hair transplant done just for an arranged marriage?
When can a Hindu man marry a second time?
I'm reading a lot of questions regarding failure in marriages and seeing many regrets about it under that topic. Isn't it possible to live without a life partner?
Why aren't people monogamous?
Where is it legal for 3 or more persons in a polyamorous relationship to get married?
Should people marry?
What is the proper procedure for obtaining a marriage certificate in Pune?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
What would you do if your husband hurt you by worst words?
Is there any rule in SSC AMC that after engagement, you are posted to the single station? For marrying a civilian.
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
I found my husband on the sex dating site JustBangMe. He said he was just curious if anyone would reply. Is he telling the truth?
Will I be able to get rid of the narcissist in my life after discovering that I have been married to one for the last 45 years?
I am married​ but not satisfied​. Do other people feel the same way?
Does an Indian woman have the right to leave her husband on the grounds of mental abuse, which she has no proof of?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
When a promiscuous woman is caught cheating, why does she start blaming her lover for the affair in front of her husband?
Do sociopaths find good partners to form romantic relationships and marriages with?
My wife has been caught cheating and divorce is about to be finalized. How do I not fail my daughter as a father if I’m not getting custody of her?
Which is the best marriage match site?
Why do Indian men have relationships knowing he would break it up and prefer marrying younger girls in the end (arranged marriage)?
How do I control temper?
What needs to be done if I want to marry Shraddha Kapoor and I'm only 21?
What does the law state for a cruel husband having many affairs and has applied for divorce?
What do you do when your husband always thinks that you're lying?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
According to the Hinduism, is marriage a sin?
Can Christians perform BDSM if they are married?
What are the 10 things every Indian should know before getting married?
How can a Muslim married man marry a Muslim woman without getting a divorce from his first wife?
How do I start over after leaving an alcoholic spouse?
How do I make my husband understand that his parents are playing an evil drama to separate both of us?
What is the reason for not getting pregnant after marriage?
How do I overcome from sadness after the death of spouse?
Is it practically possible for an unemployed, non-virgin, 26-year-old girl to get married through an arranged marriage system without a dowry?
What are the indications a married woman is interested in me for the long term?
How can a woman who does not want to get married lead her life?
If I get a working holiday visa (IEC) and get married after getting it, do I have to process it again?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
How did you feel when you found out your husband cheated?
How did you cope as a teenager when you found out your mother might be having an extramarital affair?
Have you seen a marriage in which the two families including the bride and groom don’t dance? Is this too modern?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
With shortage of women in China, why are there not more Chinese men marrying foreign women? Rather, the opposite is true.
Why do siblings change after marriage?
I feel as though I will never get married because of who I am. So, my question is what is the best way to embrace a life of loneliness?
Is there a device that let you withdraw blood sample from some one when hes asleep or unaware? Like face-off movie when the wife tried it her husband
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
Why does my wife continue to have sex with her ex boyfriend (baby daddy) but says she wants to stay married to me?
Why are marriages between cousins allowed in Islam?
How often do you contemplate your future wife/husband?
How can I deal with my wife never initiating sex?
What's your opinion of straight marriage?
Are you a fashion tech student or someone who can advise a bride and groom on wedding suits?
Is there any court ruling in which a separated wife is denied of maintenance from her husband due to her high qualification?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
Will Hindu society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
How do you feel when your husband leaves you for his parents?
Can a marriage be enjoyed without sexual intercourse?
What is a sign that your wife has a lesbian girlfriend?
Why should I marry my lover?
Should I marry a girl who earns more than me, but behaves like an animal with me? Her behaviour is worse than that of an animal.
I am getting married to my long distance boyfriend of 2 years. I am not happy about it and I am unsure. Should I get married so that I don't hurt him?
Should I quit my PhD to marry?
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
How do I stop being a clingy wife?
What is the science behind women changing their surname after marriage?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
My sister (Hindu Brahmin) wants to marry with a Muslim guy who is already married having 3 kids, how can I stop her?
Is it a good idea to hyphenate our surnames?
In an Indian family, should I take sides with my wife against my parents?
How can I get a divorce without giving my wife a cent when there are no kids involved?
Being a non-Bengali, what should I keep in mind if I want to marry a Bengali girl?
Is it possible for a man to marry a lady older than him?
How do I handle finding out that my husband slanders me on online forums yet acts so nice when he's with me in person?
Are men in India willing to date/marry a single mom?
Will a girl on Quora marry a boy who don't speak English?
Is it normal for a young (24) married man to want to have sex with other women?
How can a divorced Muslim woman demand maintenance in India?
After being married, why can you never be "single" again?
How do you relate to your ex-wife?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
What are the procedures at Arya Samaj in Kozhikode? Will they inform one’s parents?
How do I get a new home for my wife and I, and our son who is disabled, when we have no money?
Is it OK to say as a bride's father to the groom that if my daughter is abused physically even once I would ask her to come back and file for divorce?
What do Indian guys expect from their future wife?
What are some ways to come alongside a spouse who was abused as a child? How do you keep this from affecting your marriage?
What news outlets in the US can help a woman expose her ongoing plight with Family Court and her ex-husband?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
What is the darkest secret you will not tell your spouse?
What should I say to a stubborn relative trying to convince me to get married when I want to focus on my studies?
What kind of girl would you like to marry?
How has too much masturbation affected your married life?
Would you sleep with your brother-in-law to save your marriage?
Does my husband have a good chance of getting sole custody?
What is the best word that a husband can tell to his wife?
How did the return of your ex in your life ruin your marriage?
Are there any non-Indian girls who like Indian culture and want to marry an Indian guy? In that case, would you settle in India?
What is the difference between an Indian husband and that of western husbands?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
Why do successful women in India (or the world over) don't get married to not-so-successful men in general?
How do Americans see divorce?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
What are the things that a mother of girls should do when divorcing and if remarrying?
Can you tell me about the legal requirements for a divorce in Pakistan?
I used to be quite an optimist. My husband called me his sugar coater. Life happened and that faded. How can I get back to that attitude?
What is the point of wedding jumpsuits?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
How can you stay with your wife in peace?
How do I know for sure that monogamy is not my thing?
Can I date a second cousin once removed?
Do you regret marrying a wrong person who doesn't value his wife’s feelings?
How did Antoine Lavoisier’s wife contribute to his success?
What is the best UK site for horny wives?
Why is it wrong to have intercourse with another man's wife?
Are sexually satisfied women less prone to have extramarital affairs?
How should I deal with my husband since he does not help in household chores?
Do Jews have a problem with Esther marrying a gentile? If not, why not?
Will any girl marry a boy having Cerebral Palsy and not able to walk properly?
What is some good advice for a newly-married girl regarding sex?
When and how do I decide that I should go for a divorce and end my 2-year-old marriage?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
What factors should one consider before the marriage of a daughter?
Why should I take care of the parents of my wife?
What should I do if my boyfriend ignores the topic of marriage, but still wants to be in a relationship with me?
What are the pros and cons of no sex before marriage?
Will you marry a man who is not virgin?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
Why do people think "Ms." means previously married?
Do you find it humiliating to ask for sex from your wife?
Is the Hindu Marriage Act not applicable in Bihar-Jharkhand? A marriage registrar says so.
Do Chinese men still prefer to marry virgins?
What are the things a bride should buy?
Why is the amount of alimony directly proportional to the degree of richness of the husband?
Who should pray more the husband or the wife?
Do you agree that the police shouldn't accept the cases where the wife petitions for a case in a police station, without an investigation against the husband?
Is it ok for an unmarried Indian to change religion at the age of 22?
Do you think I can get well-protected eyes to help spy on my wife?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
What will life be like after marriage?
Can a Gazetted Officer marry a girl of a different religion?
How do I propose a Bengali girl for marriage?
Is it easy to get married in Romania?
Is there an app that can help husbands keep track of their wife's periods, so that we they can make their lives comfortable?
Why does an Indian girl prefer a boy in marriage who earns more than she does? Isn't this pseudo-feminism?
How often do you watch porn after marriage?
What is the marriage rate of developed countries?
Should I date someone who doesn't want to marry me?
Why are men scared to talk about marriage?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
How do I leave my husband who keeps stressing me out and makes me "walk on eggshells"?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
How do I live up to my full potential without causing my spouse to feel inferior?
Is it wrong to reject a guy in an arranged marriage because he had a small penis?
How will be my career and married life (DOB: 10 Jan 93, 12:35 p.m, Calcutta)?
Why does a man get married & have children if he’s not rich enough? Why doesn’t he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live lavishly?
Don't you think Indian wives are more devoted to their husbands as compare to the devotion of husband towards his wife?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
My wife is pregnant.she have done her blood test on the recommendation of her gyne. Her report show the TSH is 34.8. Is it dangerous?
What does Islam say about pre-marital sex with one's spouse? What's the punishment prescribed for it?
Can Indian women marry a girl who earns less than her?
Which is the best for bride groom in marraige?
Is the best thing to do to divorce your spouse if you are living separate lives?
Is it alright to expect my husband to share his passwords with me? I have told him all of mine.
What attitudes should people have about living together before marriage?
Does a husband have rights after a divorce to have part of his ex-wife’s deceased husband's life insurance benefits?
Would you kill your wife or sister because she fraternised with an American soldier?
Should I leave my girlfriend who says she might marry someone else if her parents insist?
How many times have you been divorced?
Is look important for marriage?
My friend is going through a bad marriage. Where can she find an affordable psychologist in Toronto?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Can I marry my mothers uncle's daughter's daughter?
Would you answer if your husband asks you "which of your male friends would you marry if we hadn't met"?
If the dowry system stops in India, will women and their families stop expecting high salary guys as their groom?
As part of an arranged marriage proposal, I was talking to the guy for the last 4 months. Only now he tells me he doesn't have any feelings for me. What should I do?
What do you think of pre-wedding shoots? Do they hold any importance?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
How fair is it to talk with your mother-in-law and father-in-law for hours before marriage?
How can I get back the stridhan if husband and inlaws Deny?
Is it possible to for a civilian doctor to marry a female army officer?
What reasons besides abuse, infidelity, and incompatibility can cause divorces?
How do I convince my wife that I'm not cheating if I have before?
Does Triple Talaq work for inter-caste marriages?
Are married Indian women looking & trying for sex apart from their husbands? If yes, what exactly are they looking for?
How do I fall ill on the day of my marriage?
Why do men cheat and lie to their wives? If they want to cheat why don't they just tell their wife or leave?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
Are you an old husband married to a young wife?
Should I marry a girl who has had physical relations with her brother?
How can I make my husband respect me and take care of me?
How can an Indian man marry a British woman?
Should I marry at the age of 23?
Will a narcissistic/psychopathic ex husband ruin any future relationships I try to have?
Why did Shivagami marry Bijjaldeva?
Is it truly possible to have a happy marriage?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
Would the people in the west like to practice horoscope matching for increasing the success rate of marriage?
What is an uncontested divorce?
Is it rape if someone's mom forces him to have sex with his wife?
Is chastity a good thing, or is it better to have sex before marriage?
In India, during a passport renewal, is it mandatory to give the last name of my wife or can I provide just the first name of my wife?
Is there any Indian law which threatens an abusive husband so that a wife can stay in the marital home peacefully without divorce?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
How likely would you be to cheat on your spouse?
Why do Kerala men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, or someone who is settled abroad?
What is the best way to marry an atheist?
Do you tell your husband when you have an orgasm?
Why are so many men willing to throw away years of a good marriage to a decent person just because 'life isn't as fun as it used to be'?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
What was Laci Peterson's husband’s name?
How do I get happiness with my wife?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
Do you believe in the sanctity of marriage?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What are some of the remarks your husband made while you were in the hospital having a baby?
If you were a god, would you be okay with five men gambling their wife (polymorous) in a game of poker?
Why is it that North Indian boys always try to dominate their wives after marriage?
To young married couples, do you have difficulty being married and working/studying at the same time? How do you balance your married life and studies?
What was marriage like before Islam in the Islamic State?
How can I increase my wife’s interest in sex?
What can I do to let my husband know that I will change for the better?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
How do you deal with someone who doesn't seem to have a heart in a relationship?
When will an AI replace my husband?
Can you suggest a plot twist for a story in which a girl is marrying a boy she doesn't want to marry?
Why was the mut’a marriage system (temporary marriage) formed?
Should I marry a Christian or a Muslim girl?
Is it compulsary to change name on all documents of a Hindu girl after getting converted?
What are your views about polyandry and polygamy? Does it have benefits?
Can an overseas marriage between an Indian citizen and a foreigner be recognised by Indian law upon providing the act of marriage issued abroad?
Do Indian parents give an equal education and an equal amount of food to their son and their daughter?
What is the law in the Indian Constitution for divorce?
Do majority of Arabs still practicing polygamy?
What are the steps to get married with a foreigner in Indonesia?
What are the dos and don’ts a man should maintain to have a healthy, friendly and romantic relationship with his wife, if it's an arranged marriage?
Why is a Hindu bride made to believe that her husband has a god-like status and hence she should bear him whatever the circumstances?
Who were Ashoka’s wives?
Why do the people of India think sex is a big deal, not allowing sex before marriage?
How do you justify an arranged marriage?
What should I (as a woman) know before and about marriage?
Can I claim to get married to my boyfriend on the basis of four years of physical relation with consent?
Why does an extramarital affair happen after marriage?
What is it like to be married to a Japanese man?
If a heterosexual married couple does not want to have kids, can they still have a healthy and happy sex life?
What are some key questions to ask before you decide to marry someone?
After 13 years of marriage, and with 3 children, is it the right decision to ask for a divorce because of a lack of understanding with your spouse?
Why do some people like to see their wives having sex with others?
What are some good ways to divorce your Asian wife after just 4 months of controlling and cruel behavior?
In Pride and Prejudice, if a girl got married, would the estate go to her or would it still go to Mr Collins? Would her husband change his name?
Why does my wife feel useless after leaving her work?
What is the best gift I can get for my wife?
If you thought your spouse was cheating & found a receipt would you ask immediately or try to get more info based on the delivery address?
What are some questions to ask my significant other on date night?
I'm a Finnish citizen. If I marry an American citizen could I legally live in the USA?
Is the origin of ‘eu’ in Greco Latin from Turkish ‘ev’ for marriage/home?
What is the best plot twist for a story in which a girl is getting married to the person she doesn't like?
When did Meena Kumari get married?
Can a wife file an RTI to find out her husband's salary? He is a private software employee.
Being a woman, is marriage a sign of weakness?
How do I handle marriage pressure from parents?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
What changes when you get married?
How can I ask her father for her hand in marriage if he is orthodox?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
What should a man do if his wife leaves his house after learning about his affair with another woman?
Can I read my husband’s texts without him knowing?
Would a Malayalee girl like to marry a Bihari boy? If yes, how would their life be?
Are you planning to get married anytime soon?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
Did Mohammed have 13 wives?
One guy is not interesting in sex with his wife. How can we know if he is impotent?
Is it necessary for a girl to get married? What if she doesn't want to or is afraid of marriage?
In the old period of India, because of the importance of the caste system, why did people choose to marry within the community and not to marry outside of the community with a different community?
What are the benefits if HCL employees married each other?
Would you marry a transsexual woman?
Is there anyone who got pregnant before marriage?
Does sex after marriage really require more effort, or are people exaggerating?
When did you realize you married a boy in a man's body?
Why is calling your husband by his name considered a taboo by some Indian societies?
Can I marry my grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
What's the best way to deal with in-laws interference that is spoiling one's married life?
Can a man with blood group A positive marry a woman with blood group B Rh positive?
Did you ever hit your husband with a frying pan?
What if you find out your father (within 6 month of your mother's death) and your elder brother is involved with married women having children?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
How do I improve my seriously unromantic husband?
Is it ok to visit a call girl to satisfy your physical need while you are not married?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
If you are a child born out of an arranged marriage scenario in India, are your parents happily married or stay together in an abusive marriage?
If I get married to a US citizen, can I travel outside of the US if my i-130 and i-485 are pending?
It is illegal to have two wives in the UK?
What are the perks of marrying a village girl?
Why do people get married in peak summers in India?
Can you justify an affair because your husband has prostate issues and is impotent?
Can one get married in The Palace of Versailles?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
How should you talk to the father of a boy about him marrying your daughter?
Will any Indian girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
What is life like after marriage in a typical Indian family for a 21st century girl?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian girls to lead a good married life?
Should gay marriage be allowed or not in our country?
What are some of the questions you've to answer yourself before getting married?
What is the best way get my buddy and his wife to have a threesome?
What are the legalities surrounding Mail Order Brides and Husbands?
Why are 36 year old, unmarried females with kids still single and not married?
How do you get your wife to appreciate you?
I am getting divorced because I was not aware of the severity of my PCOS before and my husband thinks I deceived him. Do I deserve this?
Can wives feed their husbands?
Childless couples, why do you support your unemployed partner?
How do I forgive my wife?
What's the best game to play with my wife?
How can we get a good spouse?
Why do men have fantasies about other women, even when they are happily married?
Why do men watch porn even though they are married?
Can I marry my niece? I have a complicated situation.
Can a court make someone pay spousal support if a prenuptial agreement explicitly does not allow it?
Can I marry my paternal grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
Shouldn't everyone experience living alone at least once before getting married?
What's the worst that can happen in India if I ask my wife to sign a prenup before marriage?
My husband wants a divorce. Can I say "No"?
How do you stop hurting and feeling heartbroken for yourself and for your 2 children after a divorce you didn't want?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
How do I break the truth to an obese friend who thinks hedge fund managers should marry her because of her nice personality?
If you're a married person, is hugging someone other than your spouse or family taboo?
I got married 3 months ago and my wife cries over every little thing (emotional blackmail). How should I handle this?
Is it normal for psychopaths to marry people with less money who don’t look all that good?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
Do Filipino women date/marry uncircumcised men?
If a wife beats her husband, what should he do?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
What was the biggest single reason that people divorce?
Who is legally able to marry people?
What religion did Shivaji's wife, Sakwar Bai, belong to? What is her family history?
Is there any special procedure to divorce a husband who is a judge?
How do I handle a domineering wife?
Why do people give importance to dating or marriage as if one would die without those?
Can I have a boyfriend while I’m waiting for my divorce?
What may be the punishment if a lady is blamed for maintenance, dowry, and harassment over her husband?
Can a wife file an RTI complaint to find out what her husband's salary is while he is working at a software company?
What does it feel like when you begin having sex just after you get married?
Can an Iyer boy marry a Konkani Brahmin girl?
How do I get a court marriage done in Delhi?
Have you ever thought you should have married your spouse’s sibling instead?
How does marriage work in Poland?
What is different between escort and wife?
Is sex with with a married woman who is separated from her husband appropriate?
Is a Canadian student visa better for a single person or a married person?
What should I do if caste is a problem for marriage?
Why do men even get married when they can't be satisfied and they can't stay faithful?
How long do you talk to a girl before getting married in the Indian arranged marriage system?
Is virginity a main key for a happy life marriage? How important is it? Why and why not.
One of the banquets and conventions center guys asked me for a 15% service tax. Is this right for a marriage?
Why do so many young boys think confession is how you get a girlfriend?
Henry is famous for killing wives, but, also, for what else?
How should I have sex with my virgin wife on our wedding night?
How does it feel to marry your first cousin whom you never liked nor thought about it in your wildest of dreams?
What is the longest time you have ever gone without sexual intercourse with your spouse?
I am 20 years old and I completed my graduation. When should I marry my girlfriend?
Do you help your wife with housechores? Does your husband help you with housechores?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
How did divorce affect you? How do you look back at your previous marriage and ex-spouse?
How were you feeling during your marriage?
Will Pakistanis break the tradition of marrying their own sisters and brothers?
What would be the new talaq and marriage laws under the uniform civil court (in India)?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
Would you tell your spouse you are having problems at work?
How should I tell my parents that I'm not ready to get married?
Is dating married women without doing sexual intercourse comes under adultery in Indian law?
What is it that most men in India ‘actually’ want in their future wife?
What qualities are considered by modern Indonesian men when it comes to marriage?
Why didn’t Harry Potter marry Cho Chang? Was it because of her race, her flat face, or because she is not attractive?
Is it ok to marry an ex who got a divorce after a marriage of 10 days?
Is it normal to obsess over your husband's ex when there is nothing going on between them?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
How does it feel to be divorced at 40?
How should I ask my future wife for sex?
What will my wife get when we divorce after 3 months of marriage?
What happens when a female Judge gets married to a doctor?
How does it feel to marry your teacher?
Can marriage help to attain enlightenment?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
What kinds of gifts are good for grooms and brides?
My husband and I were celebrating a crossword game win when I gave him a high five and he pinched me. Why would he do that?
In Chinese family culture, why is it usually understood that there tends to be conflict between a man's wife and his mother?
What should you do when your spouse says "what a waste of 30 years, being ​with you"?
How do you like your partner in an arranged marriage?
How do I get over the guilty feeling that I have since I decided to live in a separate house than my parents in same city for my wife?
Does anybody regret his arranged marriage?
My 1st husband just told me that he cheated on me with several women during our marriage. I am hurt. What can I say to him to make him feel bad?
What is the name of the old porn in Italian/French where a husband and wife have sex to seduce the neighbour woman and make her have sex with them?
Is a Hindu divorce in the village valid in court?
Can wedding officiants do funerals?
Is it wrong to not accompany my wife to her dad's house for a visit? I have to get up at 2am for work and she wants to go to her dad's at 7pm.
What visa does a Sri Lankan citizen need to apply for to be able to marry or study in India?
If I marry my mother's brother's daughter (cross-cousin), will the child face birth defect problems?
Do I stay with a controlling, narcissistic husband who hates my kids just because of the money?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
I have difference of opinion with my wife. We haven't spoken for more than a year. We live in the same house. Should I go for divorce?
How much I need to pay to become a bride in BBB with Sabyasachi?
Why would I marry? I have never been a fan of families; my sexual life is stabilized. What could be other reasons to marry?
What is the importance of a courtship period for marriage?
Why do you want to remain single and not want to marry in India?
Is it possible to get genital warts if you have been faithfully married to the same person for 10 years?
How long is the divorce process?
What exactly is a Jocosta complex? Are there any real life examples of such a fixation?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
If a husband asking for money is a crime, why is it not a crime for a wife to do the same?
Despite marriage's legal benefits, wouldn't it be less risky to remain unmarried since nowadays many marriages end in divorce?
What do girls want their husband to be like?
What should I do if someone threatened my wife at midnight via telephone?
How should I deal with divorced parents and court?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
What are the most common marriage problems?
How does state paternity laws apply to same-sex marriages?
How do I convince a soon-to-be married man not to cheat on his fiancee with me?
Are prisoners in US jails allowed to get married?
What percent of women remain virgins until marriage?
I’m 24 and my 18-year-old boyfriend wants a child. I have one already, and we want to get married. Should we have one? I think we will be very happy and good.
What are the basics requirements of marriage in Islam?
How can a girl from a low caste convince her high caste boyfriend to get married, with parents’ permission?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
What should I do if I find out that my husband is using cocaine?
Do Indian Muslim men support polygamy? If yes, why?
How do marriages promote morals in Islam, when divorces are rampant? Women end up with many husbands and unwanted children and are worse than prostitutes.
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
Has anyone ever had a "good" extramarital affair, in which they did not regret the affair? What were the reasons for it? How did it end?
Most of my friends are married. Seems like I'm the only one who is still single. I feel lonely. What should I do?
What is wrong about marrying someone you feel nothing for?
How is married life for a female IFS officer?
How do I convince my wife to have sex with me?
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
Is there a marriage museum in your country?
How can I check my husband’s WhatsApp?
What's the best method of letting go of the idea of marrying only a certain type of race, gender, and look?
Is it okay to have an age difference of 10 years with your husband?
Do extramarital affairs really happen in Uttar Pradesh?
Why in Islam is marriage a legal contract between two persons, while divorce or triple talaq is a matter of faith and based on religious beliefs?
If your spouse doesn't mind if you cheat on him or her, would you cheat?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
The K2 holder has eloped. The petitioner will not seek an adjustment of status for her. What will happen to the bride?
What can I do if my wife hates our country and doesn’t want to live here?
Why is my wife self exploitative and what should I do?
Is it okay to give a finger ring to your partner before marriage?
Why do older Indian/Asian husbands walk so far ahead of their wives down the street?
What is it like to marry a rationalist? I am an extremely emotional person.
How many men marry a prostitute or a sex worker without knowing it?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
How do you judge if a man is really interested in getting married if you are looking for an arranged marriage?
Do marriages between older women and younger men, and vice versa, work?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
In how much time a guy can be sure if he wants to marry the girl. The girl does not have much time as in age, so is looking for options?
How would you know if the one you are dating is going to be your future spouse?
Many metaphors in poems of Li Bai, physical transformation, dream state, arranged marriage, royal military procession. Which one resonates with you?
How do I divorce my narcissist husband without him manipulating my 20 year old son?
The person with the most influence on a person is their spouse. Why is there not a requirement for POTUS's spouse to also be a natural-born American?
What law should be used against an Indian husband to continue the matrimonial profile after marriage and to chat with girls in matrimonial chats?
How do I convince a girl's parents for marriage when our horoscope don't match?
Is it possible​ for me to marry​ a Pakistani girl on today's​ date?
Would any housewife allow her husband to be a cross-dresser?
When is a marriage not a marriage (considering the sex, sacrament and contract in a Hindu marriage)?
What qualities must be seen in a boy before marriage of one’s daughter?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
Is it true Shias can temporarily marry their mothers in the tradition of Mutah?
Why would have Sivagami married BijjalDeva?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Why am I always trying to catch my wife doing me wrong?
Is India the worst country to get married for men, with so much female-centric laws ready to screw their life?
Why is it so common for U.S. Americans to get married several times?
Why does a husband stay angry at wife when he is the one who hurts her?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
How does a lover change after marriage?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Why do some marriages break after the honeymoon?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
My husband isn't affectionate or intimate. What should I do?
Whenever I ask my boyfriend for marriage, he only delays. He never says no. But my parents want me to get married. What should I do?
He's been separated for nearly one year and has yet to be divorced. When is it okay to couple up?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
What should I do if I discovered I hated my spouse?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
Was it necessary for Robb Stark to marry Talisa when he did? Couldn’t he have just waited and broke the Frey alliance after their victory?
How do I become a loving husband?
What are some useful books to get advice on interracial marriages?
When requested to do a pointless task, what should I do if the resulting argument by disagreeing would actually take longer than the task itself?
What is the ideal romantic situation for a married couple on a daily soap opera?
Why do some Indian women choose to come on an H4 visa after getting married?
Which is the best dress for an Indian bride?
Are Indians known for compromising their marriage?
Do you think Katrina has taken a right decision for marrying a man like Ranbir Kapoor, even after being aware of his womanizing ways?
Why are Hindu marriages done “Agni Sakshi” (fire as witness) and not “Panchabhoodham”?
My husband doesn't like my family to come home. What should I do now?
What are the consequences of one who witnesses a court marriage in India?
Would a county clerk be committing an ethical breach by issuing a marriage license to an of-age person who didn't appear to be of sound mind?
Is it ok to marry a divorcee?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
Are Sikh girls open to the idea of marrying Muslim guys?
Why is marriage compulsory in India?
Why do girls let themselves get pregnant without being married?
Do Indian girls reject boys older than than 30 years old for arranged marriages more than younger ones?
What happens if you marry someone who is still married to someone else?
Should I tell my future fiance that I want to have a lot of sex in our marriage?
What should be the age difference in couples for marriage?
Why do Chinese people like to marry on May 20?
What are the remedies for an incompatible marriage, astrologically?
What is the right of a wife to a husband's property?
As for a woman, when is the best time to get married and have a kid?
Have you lost a spouse or significant other to an interoffice romance?
What is it that most girls in India ‘actually’ want in their future husbands?
Why didn’t my narcissistic husband want to make love to me?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
Can a Japanese empress marry a European royal and remain her position in Japan?
What will happen if parents are banned from paying money for their children's marriage?
What does it mean when a guy asks you when are you going to get married?
Should I marry this 40-year-old colleague of mine? He is perfect for me. I took a lot of time to decide that. The only concern is age. I am 26 years old.
I plan to get a cat. What are the important things to know before getting one?
In KSA, do they kill people for adultery/cheating on their spouse?
What are the best ways for a South Indian guy to get an arranged marriage without parental support?
What should be the ground rules be for a husband and wife working in the same organisation?
In an arranged marriage, how can the man understand the woman in 5-to-10 minutes? What is even the same question for the woman?
Do you think Indonesian people ready to hear that a woman don't want to get married for the rest of her life?
Why do we have to get married? Why is the need to get married so great that people are willing to marry someone they barely know?
What is the punishment for an unmarried girl having an illegal relationship with my husband?
What is the best way to catch my wife cheating?
Can you ask for a marriage annulment instead of a divorce in California?
Should one inform a person of their spouse's infidelity?
Why do celebrities marriages work?
How many girls’ parents had health issues when their daughter married a Muslim guy in India?
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
How do I explain to my wife that I do not want my kids to attend church until they are able to make up their own mind?
How should I ask a woman to adjust her habits post-marriage?
In this modern age, is an antiquated custom like marriage still relevant, or even useful?
Is it okay to get married in college if you are in a healthy relationship?
Who do you blame in an affair? The woman or the man who vowed his loyalty to his wife?
What is Gandharv Vivah?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
Is monogamy a weakness? Will polyamory be the future?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
How do the women in a polygamous type of marriage feel?
Does the Matsya Purana authorise a husband to beat his erring wife with a rope or split bamboo?
Why do married men feel regret about their marriage?
Are there any special benefits if HCL employees married each other?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
How is your experience with your sister in law after marriage?
In a marriage without sex, what can promote both intimacy and a sense of exclusivity?
What might be the problem with me, because I tried many times to impregnate my wife with no results?
What are some good tips or techniques for a man to excite his wife in bed?
What can happen to a person if they don't marry the one they love?
How do I get my husband to sleep in the same room with me?
How do I convenience my parents to agree to a love marriage for me?
How common is it for a married couple to be completely celibate?
How much time does it take to get citizenship in Italy on the basis of marriage?
How likely is it that a marriage will work if the guy cheats within the first year?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Is it worth waiting for sex until marriage? Why or why not?
Why don’t Indians think about making women self-dependent and treating them equally to sons at birth instead of thinking in terms of reducing them to maintenance or wives?
Should I get married or even think about marriage if I have a serious health problem?
Why sleeping with someone's wife so cool?
How is Bhadra depicted as the son of Bhallaladeva, when the wife of Bhallaladeva is not shown?
Why are women not against alimony?
If a girl gets pregnant, should she and the father of her unborn child get married or is it totally irrelevant?
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
My last relationship ended a year ago. We were engaged and supposed to be married this month. Why do I still feel emotionally numb?
Is it ok for my wife to sleep with my penis inside her?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
Can non-Kashmiris marry Kashmiri girls/boys?
Why does my husband sleep on the couch and not with me?
What goes on in the mind of an abusive husband?
What are women's experiences of sex outside of marriage?
If you had to marry a celebrity who was the opposite of the gender you’re normally attracted to, who would you pick?
While going through a divorce, my husband disappeared. Will my divorce be granted with a settlement?
In the United States, what percentage of average, non-"sleazy" men cheat on their wives?
If a scheduled caste girl gets married into a Brahmin family, will her family get reservations in the future?
What is your feeling if your girlfriend’s or your wife’s job salary is more than your salary?
Why would a narcissistic mother be there for her children and husband?
Is it possible to guarantee your wife does not get a previously owned house after a divorce other than a pre-nup (California)?
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
What is the best way to look up marriage records?
Where is Arya Samaj in Kozhikode, Kerala? Is a marriage certificate from there valid?
Should I date a person before marriage? If yes, why?
Which type of sex style does a male like after marriage?
My husband always puts his parents and young brother and sister before me and his 2 children. What should I do?
For couples with school-aged children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
Can someone who had multiple relations in the past be a good wife?
What are the ways to find a husband who is imperfectly perfect for someone?
Are the horoscopes of the bride-to be and the groom-to-be matched among Muslims of India?
What are some problems that a husband and wife might experience?
Is getting married an essential part of life?
Should getting a divorce be an easy process? What were your experiences?
Fellow women, at what age did you accept that you likely were never going to become famous or marry the celebrity crush of your teenage years?
How is marriage helpful in a country’s development?
Can I marry my maternal aunt's sister while being in a Hindu family?
How can you convince the groom's family it's not fair to ask for a dowry?
How do I know when it’s time for a divorce?
What is it to have sex before marriage and you are not so sure if you will surely marry the other person or not?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
Do Manglik boys ever get married?
Why would a person get married & have children if he's not rich enough? Why doesn't he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live his life lavishly?
Is it necessary to marry again after a painful divorce? What are the counter side effects of being alone?
What is the budget for a middle class family to marry a girl child?
My husband's sister is mooching off him. How can I stop her?
How do you recover after discovering that your deceased spouse was unfaithful?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
Why do women lose interest in sex after marriage?
I have specific sexual needs that my wife can't fulfill, what do I do?
How many numbers of gf or bf before marriage can be consider normal?
How do I advise my son regarding an inter-caste marriage with an elder girl?
What would it be like if I got married to my mother's niece? Are there any negative effects?
What if my brother filed a divorce case against her wife? We are fed up of her cruelty. What kind of proofs should we collect?
Have you ever been harrassed or threatened by your wife with false cases?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian female to lead a good married life?
What is life like being married to an engineer?
As a woman, what qualities do you need to be present in your husband?
Should I get a divorce because my wife hates to have sex with me? It makes me feel awful about myself.
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
Is it fine to marry a girl who has been in a relationship with nearly 3 to 4 boys?
How do I advise my son about an international marriage from an older girl?
How do I talk to my future wife about how much sex I want?
In a divorce does it matter who asks for the settlement first?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
If someone marries a woman with a kid, how does society react?
What do you mean by the divorce which is held by mutual understanding in India?
My husband have 5 girls with his previous wife and I have 1 girl from my previous marriage. Is it possible for us to have a son?
How many people get married due to social/family pressure in India?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
Is it ok for a groom to call his father-in-law as father?
For couples without children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
Will they remove my husband’s name off the lease because lately they’ve been finding ways for him to move back to the barracks?
Can a Catholic and a Protestant get married, and are there any terms?
How do I open up and tell my husband that I am a bisexual and I like girls? I live in India.
What are the ugly truths about looking for a bride in Tamil matrimonial websites?
Can a marriage in India be registered with two different marriage dates?
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
We are 52 and 53; I am in premenopause. My husband wants it all the time, and we're both frustrated. What is a fair compromise on sex in a marriage?
What is the best option, your wife as a housewife or working woman?
My husband of 28 years has left the house to his children from a previous marriage. How is this possible?
Is it ever okay to hope your parents get divorced?
What happens when a narcissistic girl marries an empath?
What amount of alimony should I get if I was married to my ex-husband for 1 just month and I'm leaving him for my boyfriend of 6 years?
What is the proper way for a Jewish divorce to be handled when there are kids involved?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
What would you like to cook in the absence of your wife/hubby?
Should I marry a person who had sex with multiple partners?
What can a man do when he has no desire to have sex with his wife of 15 years?
How do you know if your wife is faithful or not?
When will the Indian society accept that it is okay for a person to not get married?
Which psychological and physical issues do young brides have? How can we stop this nonsense practice of 'child marriage' around the world?
Is waiting for one’s own arranged marriage a kind of disability? Is it right to ask someone to find someone for me?
Did Bruce Lee cheat on his wife?
How do you handle major differences in marriage (i.e., political views, religion, etc.)?
Are zodiac signs important in marriage?
Was Vivekanandha married?
If marrying more than one woman is forbidden in the West, could you have children with several mistresses all while living in one house?
What is best, living relationships or marriage?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
What are the rights that the Indian constitution provides a woman if she is getting divorced?
Can a pair who betray their spouses and leave them to be together sustain their relationship for long & how can they trust knowing they both cheated?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
Why did Muhammad marry his adopted son's wife?
Will society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
Is órfi marriage legal in UAE? Does Ali AlShamsi know?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
Why are most marriages in India decided by partner complexion, caste, and income, unlike other countries?
Why are children born to Hindu mothers married to Muslim men fanatic Muslims?
How can you treat your husband's insecurities?
Is it wrong to marry a lady 12 years younger than me?
Why was Mohammed poor? Wouldn't he have inherited his first wife's wealth?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Instead of sex, my husband likes me to put my foot in his groin and play with his genitals to get him off. Is this normal?
Will the dowry system in the Kerala Muslim community end?
Should I have an affair with a married woman?
Can the Menon and Ghosh cast get married?
Is it possible to inter-caste a marriage between a Yadav community girl and a Brahmin boy?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
A narcissist says that his wife tells him that men fancy her, and that she does it to make him jealous. Would that be true?
What's you and your spouses story?
Are marriages without a proper courtship period doomed to fail?
What do you think about a psychologist seeing both partners of a marriage separately and indefinitely?
Can mothers explain how difficult it was between you and your husband during the first year or two of your baby?
My partner and I have Mangal Dosha with the same rashi and the same star. Can we get married?
Do you think matrimonial websites are really helpful in finding a man to many?
Can I marry my maternal grandmom’s brother’s son’s daughter?
What type of marriage arrangement does God bless and approve of?
Does a Muslim girl stand a chance of marrying a Korean guy?
Marriage or cohabitation, which do you prefer?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
What happens when a person’s behavior changes from normal before marriage, to abnormal after marriage, and the person sees everyone in a negative light? Why is this?
Do men need a signed consent form from their wife to get a vasectomy?
What job offer did Bill Clinton ignore so he could be with Hilary before they got married?
Can a Muslim husband and non Muslim wife stay as married couples in Dubai?
Does any boy regret his arranged marriage?
Are child marriages legal in any states in the US?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
Which blood group for a boy is suitable for a B-Negative girl for marriage?
What is child marriage called?
What's it like to be a bisexual woman from India who's already married to a man, but who still has feelings for another woman?
Why can't we have laws preventing some parents from divorce?
Are al-hoor al-iyn (virgins) concubines or wives of Muslims in Jannah?
Are BPDs capable of long-term, happy, and drama-free marriages?
What was your outcome after hiring a PI to spy on your spouse?
Should I marry a girl whom I don't like but my family members love?
Why are some mothers and husbands so negative?
Is it ok to continue casual sex with my brother in law even after his engagement, without affecting his marriage or personal life?
What you do if your husband had an overly high sex drive?
What are good questions for married couples to their spouse on date night?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Why do so many Iranians in America marry out of their group?
Is divorce a good option if they are living separate lives?
I caught my wife crying alone and she wouldn't tell me the reason. Could she be under depression?
What do you do when your wife doesn't want a divorce, but wants to be on her own for a while?
Why do Kerala Christian men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, specifically someone who is settled abroad or someone working abroad?
How do you plan to move to another country or state if you're married with kids and don't have a job there?
Can I marry an orphan girl in Delhi?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Is it okay to divorce your wife after finding out that she has PCOS and was not aware of its severity until she told her doctor/husband?
As a woman, would you still stay with your boyfriend/husband if he got hit with a sexual harassment lawsuit at work? Explain such a decision.
Which is preferable, living together with or without a marriage certificate? Why?
If you are a girl who got married and had a kid, is your kid more important to you or your husband?
Is it reasonable for a couple to come to an agreement that the one that wants children be the one responsible for most of the childcare?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
How did you know it was time to get engaged?
How do I identify a Cheating married man lover?
Will you allow your spouse to practice their own religion?
Can I ever trust my cheating wife again?
Will "IPL20" happen? If so, which franchise will remain until then?
I live in Arizona and am getting divorced. I own a house on my own, my wife’s name is not on it. Can she get any of my equity in the house?
Why did I check out of life after my divorce and losing my children, while others are able to move forward after such losses?
She was everything I had. We were in a long term relationship and on the verge of marriage. Now we are not together. How do I deal with this?
How do Indian men like their future wives to be? Has there been any change of mindset from previous generations?
What would happen if I marry again without divorcing my husband first?
How many of you are stuck in a bad marriage and what is your story?
Are there any married couples with same Gothra having healthy kids or with genetic defects?
How can I convince my wife to get a mutual divorce?
Can I marry my aunt's, sister's daughter?
What actually happens during wedding night in the Muslim tradition?
What are the signs that your wife is manipulating you?
Is it a good idea to marry at 30?
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
How much is it to get married in the beach in southern California? (it's an under 10 person wedding)
Is it really possible to transform ourselves after marriage?
How do I get my husband to stop verbal/emotionally abusing me?
How do I find the courage to divorce my wife?
Is it difficult to find a modern virgin girl for marriage these days in India?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
What if a marriage is in the 6th house with Venus and the Sun in the Taurus sign? Would the marriage happen or no?
Does marriage kill the joy of life?
How can I let go of my personal insecurities to help improve my marriage?
Did the wives of the Shia Imams practice temporary marriage called Muta?
Have you cried over your wife?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
How do men of India compromise after marriage?
How difficult is it to be married to a soldier?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
Is it hard for a man to improve his professional career after marriage?
Why isn't my beautiful wife good enough for me?
How are small societies and large ones different when it comes to attitudes toward marriage?
Is there any chance to marry a Muslim girl after clearing IAS or IPS?
Can I marry an army officer when I was a doctor?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
What are some ways to support marriage equality?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
How can I get up the nerve to play the songs I wrote in front of my wife if they involve painful relationship issues we've been through in the past?
How do I confront my wife about her Jio call records?
What will happen if a boy is younger to the girl for marriage?
Why do Telugus force their kids to marry their cousins through arranged marriages?
Can a person who got married in India and divorced in the US marry again in the US (to an Indian) and file for her dependent visa in India?
Why is marriage a necessity in India?
What were the changes that marriage brought by?
What are the remedies for incompatibility in marriage?
Is Vivekananda married?
Are Indian brothers okay with their sisters having physical relations with boyfriends before marriage? How do you feel? You may go anonymous and ans.
How do I know if we should get married?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
If you are unable to 'fit in' for much of your life (socially, jobs, marriages, etc.), what are the potential reasons? Can they be overcome?
Which cultures have the healthiest marriages?
How is the conversation between a guy and a girl, who are meeting for the first time, for an arrange marriage?
How is the life of a Indian navy officer’s wife whose husband is a Lieutenant?
Would you rather marry 5 times or never marry at all?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
Can I like someone after marriage?
How difficult is it to get Europe visa? I have recently quit my job as I am getting married in few months. What are the documents needed?
What's it like to be a second wife, in secret?
How can my spouse accompany me to Canada after we are married?
What have you found out about your spouse that scares or upsets you?
What are your predictions about a career and marriage for a male born on 9th August, 1990, at 18:48 in Varanasi (U.P.), India?
What are 3 pieces of advice I'll need when I get married?
If you believe that there must be a marriage to be in a relationship, but you know that marriage isn't possible, are you not condemned to loneliness?
When did Subhadra Kitching get married?
How do you live out your Christian faith when you are married to a spouse who shows narcissistic characteristics?
If sex before marriage is a sin in Islam, how do single men and women find each other?
How do you handle finances in your marriage?
Why is prenuptial agreement not valid in India?
What is the best age for Marriage in Pakistan?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
What are the things that an Indian man should stand up for before he decides to marry?
How can I spend time with my wife in Andaman?
Is it possible to live without getting married?
Will intelligent women ever be taken professionally serious when the beautiful among them keep marrying wealthy men into a life of leisure?
If a wife registers for "file and suspend," when can her husband receive spousal benefits?
Does a second wife's child have legal claims on his/her father's property?
Does one have to be married to have IVF done in China?
If a woman is caught cheating on her husband, is it possible for the husband to trust her in the future?
What is the purpose of mentioning marriage status in application forms?
Should I be offended if my boyfriend didn't say Happy Mother's Day to me even though I do stuff for his daughter all the time?
Can I, a divorcee marry a bachelor?
Is it common to stay a virgin until marriage?
How come it's common for men to be married to women younger than them and rare the other way round?
Am I allowed to have a lot of sex with my wife when I get married according to the Bhagavad Gita?
Is it ok to marry a man younger than me?
In inter-religious marriages, what are the legalities regarding the religion of the child? Do they follow the mother’s or father’s?
Is it as lonely as people say to never get married or even date people?
How can I marry? I am 20 years old.
How appropriate is it for a girl or her family to expect the groom to have 5x to 10x more income than her?
In India, can we marry another woman whose divorce case is still pending?
How do you get out of the constant feeling that you married the wrong person?
Can a Libra man and Capricorn woman be successful together as husband and wife?
How can you renew love between couples who have been married for a year and feel there is a gap between them?
When will Sara marry Harshvardhan Kapoor?
What is the best way to recover financially from divorce?
What dowry should a 28-year-old north Indian Brahmin boy demand from the prospective bride?
Do Indian men consider dating a 25 year old divorced woman without kids and with absolutely no mistake of hers in divorce?
What should a lonely wife do when a husband doesn't want affection or intimacy and thinks emotions are useless?
Is it ok to marry a person who is having a hole in the heart?
What was most challenging about combining finances with your significant other (when you married, moved in, etc.)?
How important is virginity to Indian males in an arranged marriage set up?
Did any of the presidents date their wives?
If one spouse is in the medical field (physician) and the other isn't, are they more likely to divorce?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
Why can I not marry a man who is older than me by 20 years?
After marriage in court, the husband and wife have been living separately for 6 months. Can this marriage be annulled as per Hindu law?
Can an INFP male have a happy marriage with an ESFJ woman?
How much does it take to get citizenship through marriage in Portugal?
Are Pakistani husbands good to their wives, or do they cheat?
How can I marry a doctor?
What are Indian girls looking for these days in initial check for arranged marriage (Delhi)?
Why do Christians who use the religious sanctity of marriage argument against gay marriage think heterosexual civil marriage marriage is okay?
What should we know before starting our family?
My father had an extra marital affair with his friend’s wife who is now a widow. My mother passed away from a prolonged health ailment. Is there a legal remedy for me?
In India nowadays, married women are misusing dowry laws. What do you say about this?
Why can’t an unmarried man marry a girl who is a divorcee?
Should I give myself a break if I have plans to get married?
Can a married woman ask for child support from the man who impregnated her while she was married and still married?
How does a girlfriend or wife react when her boyfriend or husband has premature ejaculation?
What are some of ways to surprise your wife in bed?
Does Chinese Zodiac affect your marriage?
What is the most challenging issue in marrying an average Japanese girl regardless of language barrier?
How is the opposition between consanguinity and affinity related to cross cousin marriage?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
Is there such thing as a mail order husband?
How much alimony should a women get from her Indian husband?
In a country with illegal homosexual marriage, is it legal to marry a transman to a transwoman or a gay man to a gay woman?
What is the right age of marriage for guys settled in Mumbai?
If someone were to marry conjoined twins, would it be considered polygamy?
Do Koreans marry women older than them?
Can I take my ex to court after the divorce because I am disabled?
My ex-wife says she is off illegal drugs now and wants to have unsupervised visits with the children. Should I trust her?
Does Pakistan follow triple talak (Muslim men can divorce their wives by saying divorce 3 times)?
Should a 43 year old man marry a 26 year old woman?
Has anyone been to Gretna? Would you marry there?
How do you do when your wife always complain about your low salary and weak ability?
Is my husband a white knight narcissist?
Despite of inevitable responsibilities, why should one get married?
Could I marry a Mormon woman as a transman?
How do we know about an unknown person’s married status?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
How long were you with your partner before you decided to get married?
Is there an inter-caste/casteism problem faced in European countries during marriages?
Should I get married if I have no other choice?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
Where is it legal for 3 or more persons in a polyamorous relationship to get married?
Why aren't people monogamous?
How can I get over the end of my marriage when I have to keep seeing him because of the kids?
Why is a manglik bride interested in a manglik groom ?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
I am married​ but not satisfied​. Do other people feel the same way?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
When a promiscuous woman is caught cheating, why does she start blaming her lover for the affair in front of her husband?
Do sociopaths find good partners to form romantic relationships and marriages with?
Why do Indian men have relationships knowing he would break it up and prefer marrying younger girls in the end (arranged marriage)?
How can you explain the formalities of a traditional Hindu marriage on the basis of science?
How can a Muslim married man marry a Muslim woman without getting a divorce from his first wife?
How can a woman who does not want to get married lead her life?
If I get a working holiday visa (IEC) and get married after getting it, do I have to process it again?
Can my mother really put in her will that I will inherit nothing unless I divorce my husband?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
How does marriage for citizenship work and is it legal?
Why do siblings change after marriage?
Can a man get alimony from his wife?
Why does my wife continue to have sex with her ex boyfriend (baby daddy) but says she wants to stay married to me?
Why are marriages between cousins allowed in Islam?
Why do girls demand higher salary expectations from groom?
Are you a fashion tech student or someone who can advise a bride and groom on wedding suits?
How can you know that your girlfriend really loves you and wants to marry you?
My wife is attempting to use sex as currency in our relationship, what should I do?
What should I say to a guy who wants me to be his girlfriend when he is about to get married in a couple of weeks?
Can a marriage be enjoyed without sexual intercourse?
I am getting married to my long distance boyfriend of 2 years. I am not happy about it and I am unsure. Should I get married so that I don't hurt him?
Are young people in China delaying marriage or having a child?
How can I decode information that my cheating husband has on his S5?
How do I stop being a clingy wife?
What are the disadvantages of a love marriage in Hindi?
How long should I wait before trying to date the man I am interested in? His wife left him in February.
If same sex marriage is OK, why isn't bigamy?
Will a girl on Quora marry a boy who don't speak English?
A woman who is not happy in her marriage meets the love of her life. What should she do?
Is it normal for a young (24) married man to want to have sex with other women?
After being married, why can you never be "single" again?
How do you relate to your ex-wife?
What are the procedures at Arya Samaj in Kozhikode? Will they inform one’s parents?
What do Indian guys expect from their future wife?
Why do friends change after marriage or after getting a job?
Why did you want to marry a person from a different country, or even different continent?
What percentage of Muslim men have multiple wives?
Are arranged marriages good or bad?
What's are the differences among a civil union, domestic partnership, and a marriage?
Why do successful women in India (or the world over) don't get married to not-so-successful men in general?
How do Americans see divorce?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
What are the things that a mother of girls should do when divorcing and if remarrying?
Can you tell me about the legal requirements for a divorce in Pakistan?
What is the point of wedding jumpsuits?
What is the best UK site for horny wives?
Inspite of being a dedicated wife, why do I feel the urge to show my love and care for someone other than my husband?
How do I conduct a South Indian marriage?
How long does it take to get the reissue of a marriage certificate done for the permanent visa purpose?
What should I do if my mother-in-law treats me disrespectfully (and my husband doesn't believe me)?
Will any girl marry a boy having Cerebral Palsy and not able to walk properly?
Why do people change after marriage or after getting a job?
What is a husband who hasn't had a child with a woman suppose to do on Mother's Day if she has a grown child?
Would Tamil Brahmin girls/guys like to marry within the caste? If not, why not? If yes, why?
Are same-sex couples discriminated against in green card marriage applications and interviews?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
Is the Hindu Marriage Act not applicable in Bihar-Jharkhand? A marriage registrar says so.
Is there a scene in the anime/manga/hiden novels when Kakashi said/implied that he wants to get married?
Did you ever think about marrying your best friend in fear of losing him/her forever?
Do you think I can get well-protected eyes to help spy on my wife?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
How do I propose a Bengali girl for marriage?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
How do I live up to my full potential without causing my spouse to feel inferior?
Is it wrong to reject a guy in an arranged marriage because he had a small penis?
Why does a man get married & have children if he’s not rich enough? Why doesn’t he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live lavishly?
My wife is pregnant.she have done her blood test on the recommendation of her gyne. Her report show the TSH is 34.8. Is it dangerous?
Which is the best for bride groom in marraige?
Is the best thing to do to divorce your spouse if you are living separate lives?
Would you kill your wife or sister because she fraternised with an American soldier?
Should I leave my girlfriend who says she might marry someone else if her parents insist?
If the dowry system stops in India, will women and their families stop expecting high salary guys as their groom?
Why do wives hold back on sex with their husbands but do have sex with other guys?
How helpful is swallowing semen for my wife?
How fair is it to talk with your mother-in-law and father-in-law for hours before marriage?
How can I get back the stridhan if husband and inlaws Deny?
Does Triple Talaq work for inter-caste marriages?
Under which circumstances should I intervene if a man hits or threatens his girlfriend or wife in public?
Are women really attracted to their husbands after marriage?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
How can an Indian man marry a British woman?
Why is it that the minimum marriageable age for all Indian women is 18 years but it is reduced to 15 for Muslim women?
Should I go ahead and get married or end the relationship?
How do you get away from a controlling husband and in-laws when your Indian parents are forcing you to stay with them?
How can I get rid of my fantasy of having sex with the wives and mothers of others?
What is an uncontested divorce?
Is chastity a good thing, or is it better to have sex before marriage?
What does it say in the catholic Bible about sex before marriage?
Why would my friend get engaged to be married but not actually get married?
Is extramarital affair on a the given condition is right?
Do you tell your husband when you have an orgasm?
Can a Sayed marry a non-Muslim?
What are the best ways for a husband and wife, with decades of experience, to secure financing for a hotel purchase?
What was Laci Peterson's husband’s name?
What are some of the remarks your husband made while you were in the hospital having a baby?
To young married couples, do you have difficulty being married and working/studying at the same time? How do you balance your married life and studies?
How can I increase my wife’s interest in sex?
When will an AI replace my husband?
Are child marriages legal in any states in the US?
Should I marry a Christian or a Muslim girl?
Can an overseas marriage between an Indian citizen and a foreigner be recognised by Indian law upon providing the act of marriage issued abroad?
Am I a selfish man if I divorce my wife because she is not interested in sex at all?
Why is a Hindu bride made to believe that her husband has a god-like status and hence she should bear him whatever the circumstances?
Can there be a nuptial agreement between couples long after marriage? Are they legally valid when needed?
What should I (as a woman) know before and about marriage?
Could I get married to an Ivorian in the Ivory Coast and then in the U.S., or would it be better just to marry in IC? Would our marriage be legal in the U.S.?
Can I claim to get married to my boyfriend on the basis of four years of physical relation with consent?
Why does an extramarital affair happen after marriage?
If a heterosexual married couple does not want to have kids, can they still have a healthy and happy sex life?
What are some key questions to ask before you decide to marry someone?
Why do some people like to see their wives having sex with others?
How can a brother buy out his sister but also add his wife to his inherited property? Should the sister just sell her half to the wife?
Why does my wife feel useless after leaving her work?
What is the best gift I can get for my wife?
I'm a Finnish citizen. If I marry an American citizen could I legally live in the USA?
Is the origin of ‘eu’ in Greco Latin from Turkish ‘ev’ for marriage/home?
How often do married woman masturbate?
Can a wife file an RTI to find out her husband's salary? He is a private software employee.
Being a woman, is marriage a sign of weakness?
What should a man do if his wife leaves his house after learning about his affair with another woman?
Can I read my husband’s texts without him knowing?
What questions should I be asking my future wife?
One guy is not interesting in sex with his wife. How can we know if he is impotent?
Is it necessary for a girl to get married? What if she doesn't want to or is afraid of marriage?
In case a wife beats her husband, can he beat her back?
Can H1B1 spouses work?
Would you marry a transsexual woman?
What do you if your partner, who is 20+ years older dies? How do you cope?
When did you realize you married a boy in a man's body?
Are you legally supposed to kiss to finalize your marriage?
What's the best way to deal with in-laws interference that is spoiling one's married life?
Did you ever hit your husband with a frying pan?
Why is it that the richer the man, the more likely he would betray his wife by cheating?
What if you find out your father (within 6 month of your mother's death) and your elder brother is involved with married women having children?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
If you are a child born out of an arranged marriage scenario in India, are your parents happily married or stay together in an abusive marriage?
If I get married to a US citizen, can I travel outside of the US if my i-130 and i-485 are pending?
Can one get married in The Palace of Versailles?
Why do people get married in peak summers in India?
Can you justify an affair because your husband has prostate issues and is impotent?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
One year ago, my husband cheated on me with a divorced woman. She just got married. Should I ruin her life and tell her new hubby?
How do I deal with my wife if she is wasting my whole salary on shopping?
What site can one get young guys to marry?
How do I marry an inter-caste girl?
How do I get married on the Vancouver Island?
Should gay marriage be allowed or not in our country?
Why are 36 year old, unmarried females with kids still single and not married?
How do I convince my Hindu boyfriend's parents to marry me? I’m a Muslim.
Should getting a divorce be an easy process? What were your experiences?
How do I forgive my wife?
Can I marry my niece? I have a complicated situation.
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
Shouldn't everyone experience living alone at least once before getting married?
Can a court make someone pay spousal support if a prenuptial agreement explicitly does not allow it?
What's the worst that can happen in India if I ask my wife to sign a prenup before marriage?
How can I get my wife to shower more than twice a month?
What is the science behind women changing their surname after marriage?
How do I marry a United States girl?
What religion did Shivaji's wife, Sakwar Bai, belong to? What is her family history?
How do I handle a domineering wife?
Why do people give importance to dating or marriage as if one would die without those?
Can a wife file an RTI complaint to find out what her husband's salary is while he is working at a software company?
Why are Indian men pushy about celebrating Diwali at his house post marriage?
How does marriage work in Poland?
What is different between escort and wife?
Is a Canadian student visa better for a single person or a married person?
What problems did you have with your partner after having kids?
Why do wives ask questions while husbands don't?
Why and in what way do financial hardships cause marriages to fall apart?
Will Pakistanis break the tradition of marrying their own sisters and brothers?
How do you rebuild trust in a marriage relationship after it has been broken?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
What is it that most men in India ‘actually’ want in their future wife?
What should I do if my wife feels that she, at the professional level, hasn't reached her full potential?
How does it feel to be divorced at 40?
How should I ask my future wife for sex?
What is the bigger social stigma, not wanting to get married or not wanting kids?
How do you like your partner in an arranged marriage?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
My husband and I were celebrating a crossword game win when I gave him a high five and he pinched me. Why would he do that?
My 1st husband just told me that he cheated on me with several women during our marriage. I am hurt. What can I say to him to make him feel bad?
Were women stoned to death for adulterous relations when Virgin Mary was alive?
Should an unsuccessful person marry, a person who has failed to chase his dreams?
Does anybody regret his arranged marriage?
A marriage proposal didn’t work out because of our horoscopes. I think the girl is a great companion but she believes in horoscopes. How should I proceed?
Is a Hindu divorce in the village valid in court?
Is it wrong to not accompany my wife to her dad's house for a visit? I have to get up at 2am for work and she wants to go to her dad's at 7pm.
How do I deal with being jealous when my husband looks at other women?
What should you do if your friend's marriage is falling apart and they decided to cheat on their partner and you don't really know their partner?
How should I behave with my cheated wife?
Why would I marry? I have never been a fan of families; my sexual life is stabilized. What could be other reasons to marry?
Is it possible to get genital warts if you have been faithfully married to the same person for 10 years?
How should I deal with divorced parents and court?
What should I do if someone threatened my wife at midnight via telephone?
What would life be like with 200 wives?
How does state paternity laws apply to same-sex marriages?
I’m 24 and my 18-year-old boyfriend wants a child. I have one already, and we want to get married. Should we have one? I think we will be very happy and good.
How can a girl from a low caste convince her high caste boyfriend to get married, with parents’ permission?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
What should I do if I find out that my husband is using cocaine?
Do Indian Muslim men support polygamy? If yes, why?
How do marriages promote morals in Islam, when divorces are rampant? Women end up with many husbands and unwanted children and are worse than prostitutes.
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
What's the best method of letting go of the idea of marrying only a certain type of race, gender, and look?
Is it okay to have an age difference of 10 years with your husband?
How much does it cost to change partners after marriage?
Is it okay for a woman to marry a man who is 12 years older than her?
How many men marry a prostitute or a sex worker without knowing it?
Why is the poverty line different for married couples?
Do marriages between older women and younger men, and vice versa, work?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
In how much time a guy can be sure if he wants to marry the girl. The girl does not have much time as in age, so is looking for options?
Many metaphors in poems of Li Bai, physical transformation, dream state, arranged marriage, royal military procession. Which one resonates with you?
How do I find a Muslim revert to marry in the USA?
How do I convince a girl's parents for marriage when our horoscope don't match?
What was your parents’ reaction when you told them that you have a girlfriend that you want to marry?
Would any housewife allow her husband to be a cross-dresser?
Why would have Sivagami married BijjalDeva?
Is it weird to have sex with a woman who has kids and a husband?
Is waiting to have sex until marriage a waste of time in life?
What's it like being the child in a divorce?
Why am I always trying to catch my wife doing me wrong?
What is the best place around Bangalore to take my wife out on her first birthday after marriage?
Why is it so common for U.S. Americans to get married several times?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
I am engaged to a girl who loves someone else. Her parents won't let her marry him as he is from another caste. What should I do?
How does a lover change after marriage?
Should my wife refuse to share her dress with a new friend who has asked her for it?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
What should I do if I discovered I hated my spouse?
My boyfriend lets his married friend use his apartment to cheat on his wife. Does that mean he'll cheat on me?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
What is the ideal romantic situation for a married couple on a daily soap opera?
How do you end a 30 yr marriage before you start hating each other?
Which is the best dress for an Indian bride?
Why do some Indian women choose to come on an H4 visa after getting married?
Are Indians known for compromising their marriage?
Why are a number of people, especially Bollywood celebrities, becoming fathers or mothers without being married, even though they are rich?
Is it okay to contact my husband's former mistress?
What would you do? I found out that my husband lied directly to my face about going off to photograph nude models.
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
Are Sikh girls open to the idea of marrying Muslim guys?
Why is marriage compulsory in India?
I am in my early sixties, and relocated after divorcing my abusive husband. I feel broken and weary. How do I pick myself up? What did you do?
Should I tell my future fiance that I want to have a lot of sex in our marriage?
My brother in law fucks me almost daily. Should I tell this to a friend who is interested in marrying him?
What's your divorce story?
What is it that most girls in India ‘actually’ want in their future husbands?
In an arranged marriage, how can the man understand the woman in 5-to-10 minutes? What is even the same question for the woman?
I plan to get a cat. What are the important things to know before getting one?
What does it say in Islam about sex before marriage?
What makes a husband cheat on his beautiful and loving wife?
Do you think Indonesian people ready to hear that a woman don't want to get married for the rest of her life?
Why do we have to get married? Why is the need to get married so great that people are willing to marry someone they barely know?
What is the punishment for an unmarried girl having an illegal relationship with my husband?
Should one inform a person of their spouse's infidelity?
How do I explain to my wife that I do not want my kids to attend church until they are able to make up their own mind?
In this modern age, is an antiquated custom like marriage still relevant, or even useful?
Which man should I marry: the one I love or the one who loves me?
Is monogamy a weakness? Will polyamory be the future?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
Why do married men feel regret about their marriage?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
In a marriage without sex, what can promote both intimacy and a sense of exclusivity?
What are some good tips or techniques for a man to excite his wife in bed?
What is it like seeing your wife naked for the first time?
How long does it take for Indian men and women to convince their parents and let them get married? Has anyone experienced 10 years or more?
How do I convenience my parents to agree to a love marriage for me?
How common is it for a married couple to be completely celibate?
How much time does it take to get citizenship in Italy on the basis of marriage?
How likely is it that a marriage will work if the guy cheats within the first year?
Can maintenance be more than what was earned during the marriage?
Is it worth waiting for sex until marriage? Why or why not?
What site can one get rich guys to marry?
I'm 29 years old and have been married for 4.5 years. What should our net worth be at this point in life?
Is the dowry tradition relative and falsely exaggerated by girls’ parents?
My last relationship ended a year ago. We were engaged and supposed to be married this month. Why do I still feel emotionally numb?
How many people get married in Thailand every year?
Why does my husband sleep on the couch and not with me?
Are you happy with your marriage even you're constantly fighting?
What are women's experiences of sex outside of marriage?
Can an Indian engagement end if the bride is no longer a virgin?
Why would a narcissistic mother be there for her children and husband?
If a married person pretends he’s not married and dated a girl, what is the provision in our law against such cases?
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
Where is Arya Samaj in Kozhikode, Kerala? Is a marriage certificate from there valid?
For couples with school-aged children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
My husband wants myself and our daughter to stay away from him for the sake of making money. Is that a right attitude?
What kind of arguments would come from an Unhealthy entp married to an unhealthy istj?
Can someone who had multiple relations in the past be a good wife?
What's the point in getting married when it's such a financial risk?
What is your opinion on a joined married life of understanding and companionship versus a committed joint married life?
How is marriage helpful in a country’s development?
Is it impossible for me to find a serious relationship after a failed marriage? Guys seem to discriminate me because I have a kid.
Will an Indian, narcissist husband consider divorce after the silent treatment, considering it's difficult to find new sources?
Why would a person get married & have children if he's not rich enough? Why doesn't he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live his life lavishly?
What should I do so that my wife will trust me?
I have specific sexual needs that my wife can't fulfill, what do I do?
Me and my wife are unhappy with each other for 90% time. Shd we consult a psychologist or a marriage counsellor?
Why don’t some Indians want to get married?
Should I turn to religion if I am unable to get married?
How do I talk to my future wife about how much sex I want?
In a divorce does it matter who asks for the settlement first?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
How do I marry other caste girl?
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
Is it ok for a groom to call his father-in-law as father?
What will be better in the long run: appeasement of parents and agreeing to marriage based on caste or a love marriage against family wishes?
For couples without children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
Can a Catholic and a Protestant get married, and are there any terms?
How do I open up and tell my husband that I am a bisexual and I like girls? I live in India.
When prophet Muhamad (saw) died he left behind 9 widows. Who then ordered Muslims to marry just 4 wives?
Can a marriage in India be registered with two different marriage dates?
How can I meet a Kashmiri girl for mut’ah marriage during a Kashmir vacation?
What is the best option, your wife as a housewife or working woman?
What can we learn from arranged marriages?
What would you like to cook in the absence of your wife/hubby?
Did Bruce Lee cheat on his wife?
Which psychological and physical issues do young brides have? How can we stop this nonsense practice of 'child marriage' around the world?
How do you handle major differences in marriage (i.e., political views, religion, etc.)?
Are zodiac signs important in marriage?
Why does my husband always seem to take my feelings and make them about his?
Are Chinese guys willing to get married with girls who are not virgin?
What is best, living relationships or marriage?
Why did Muhammad marry his adopted son's wife?
John Doe is buying a new home and has been separated from his ex-wife for two years now. John Doe has separate income taxes. Can his ex-wife come after his new home?
Is órfi marriage legal in UAE? Does Ali AlShamsi know?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
How can you treat your husband's insecurities?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Instead of sex, my husband likes me to put my foot in his groin and play with his genitals to get him off. Is this normal?
Can mothers explain how difficult it was between you and your husband during the first year or two of your baby?
Why are Brahmin-Muslim marriages so common?
Marriage or cohabitation, which do you prefer?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
Do men need a signed consent form from their wife to get a vasectomy?
After marriage, my husband has had a relationship with her. What should I do?
What is the best option for a husband? The couple is highly incompatible and has kids aged 10 and 6. The wife is a good mother.
Does any boy regret his arranged marriage?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
What's it like to be a bisexual woman from India who's already married to a man, but who still has feelings for another woman?
My boyfriend and I got married in a temple, but we realized it was a bad decision. Would there be legal issues if we do not get a divorce and just move on?
What was your outcome after hiring a PI to spy on your spouse?
Is it ok to continue casual sex with my brother in law even after his engagement, without affecting his marriage or personal life?
What kind of a husband should we think of?
Is divorce a good option if they are living separate lives?
I caught my wife crying alone and she wouldn't tell me the reason. Could she be under depression?
Is there an essay that talks about the theme of ''love and marriage'' in the world?
What does it mean if my husband tells me I can do anything I want?
How do I get married to an American girl?
Is it okay to divorce your wife after finding out that she has PCOS and was not aware of its severity until she told her doctor/husband?
As a woman, would you still stay with your boyfriend/husband if he got hit with a sexual harassment lawsuit at work? Explain such a decision.
Which is preferable, living together with or without a marriage certificate? Why?
If you are a girl who got married and had a kid, is your kid more important to you or your husband?
Is it okay for a younger woman to marry an older man?
How did you know it was time to get engaged?
I live in Arizona and am getting divorced. I own a house on my own, my wife’s name is not on it. Can she get any of my equity in the house?
She was everything I had. We were in a long term relationship and on the verge of marriage. Now we are not together. How do I deal with this?
Can I marry my aunt's, sister's daughter?
What are the signs that your wife is manipulating you?
What is the expected length of time one should visit with their spouse in a hospital?
Is it a good idea to marry at 30?
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
Will the US be so sexually permissive someday that porn will be 1950s married couples sleeping in separate beds?
How do I get my husband to stop verbal/emotionally abusing me?
Is it important to have sex before marriage?
How do I find the courage to divorce my wife?
Would you rather marry 5 times or never marry at all?
How can I let go of my personal insecurities to help improve my marriage?
What was the age of Sitaji when she was married?
Why isn't my beautiful wife good enough for me?
How are small societies and large ones different when it comes to attitudes toward marriage?
Is there any chance to marry a Muslim girl after clearing IAS or IPS?
How do you leave your husband when you’re just not in love anymore but don't want to hurt him?
How can I find out if my wife is on dating sites?
What will happen if a boy is younger to the girl for marriage?
Why is marriage a necessity in India?
What were the changes that marriage brought by?
My marriage is in trouble, what can I do?
Why do some married women not like sex?
Can a non-Christian guy marry a Christian girl in India?
What should​ I look for in my future​ wife?
How should I select a partner, by being very picky or keep trying until something works out?
How is the conversation between a guy and a girl, who are meeting for the first time, for an arrange marriage?
Is it ok for a man to marry a woman 12 years older than him?
Why is the groom expected to pay for the wedding house in China?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
How do men who are unable to have children feel about using a sperm donor to give their wives a baby?
Why does a narcissistic husband hurt his wife when she is the only person who is always there for him?
Why does a narcissist husband hurt his wife when she is the only person who is always there for him?
Can anyone force me to stay with my husband if I don't want to?
Where will the marriage system go after same-sex marriage is legalized?
What are your predictions about career and marriage for a male born on 20 November 1988 at 8:45 PM at Mandla (Madhya Pradesh)?
My 33 year old son doesn't want to get married or have kids because he has high myopia (-5). What should I do as an Indian mom?
Why am I getting so perverted even after I am married to a beautiful wife?
What are your views of arranged-marriage culture in India?
In India, do arranged married couples have sex on their honeymoon?
How common is to wife swap between brothers in joint families in India?
When parents disapprove of marrying a guy with lesser educational qualifications, even though the guy and girl are madly in love, what is the solution?
Will Rana Daggubati marry a Maharashtrian girl?
How will life be for an Indian girl who was born and brought up in Dubai to get married (arranged) and settle down in Germany?
Is it illegal to follow your husband to find the girl he is having an affair with? I am from TN, India. He complained to police that I am following him.
How should a husband handle a wife who is too stingy while earning equal salaries?
Have you ever had sex with a married woman?
Is it ok in Indian society to be unmarried at the age of 27 years old, or to be getting married late?
Is it wrong or right for a 23-year-old girl to marry a 32-year-old man?
In India, in an interracial marriage, what happens with dowry and wedding expenses?
What are the boundaries people should know about each other when they are in relationship or married?
Are there any interfaith love marriage stories in India?
What do you think about the expectation of Indian husbands asking their wives (working/non-working) to wash their innerware, whereas they never do the same for their wives?
Why do some wives want to have sex in the morning only?
Will a Rajput girl's parents allow their daughter to marry a Kerala boy?
Is it better to go to an attorney when getting or divorce or should you try to work out a oral agreement? Can you trust the other party?
Is it inappropiate for a married man to be messaging a single girl at 5 am on a private messenger, opening the conversation with "Hello, babydoll"?
Is it good to wait for marriage until you're financially free?
What is the darkest secret of your married life?
Why is sex a big issue in India? People say, "You should not lose your virginity before marriage." Is that a myth?
Is it okay to get married civilly without the permission of one’s parents?
Who are some scientists who funded their careers through funding lulls by marrying rich?
Why would a man continuously go back to the woman he's been having an affair with, even after telling said woman he won't leave his wife?
Is it the husband's fault if his wife's appearance changes and he no longer feels attracted to her?
What makes you think that you are eligible to answer anything related to love, sex, relationships and marriage?
What are your views on wives (working/non-working) washing the innerware of their husbands whereas husbands never do the same?
Do men usually buy their wives something for Mother’s Day?
Did you find the love of your life on a matrimonial site?
How can I ask my neighbor's wife to have sex with me?
What will you do if your prospective wife cheats and lie a lot under the protection of some her family and friends?
How could one select the right person as a spouse through the arranged marriage system?
Instead of destruction (divorce), can answers be more about construction (marriage recovery)?
Would you deliberately allow someone to make your wife pregnant if you know you are not fertile?
When did you say OK to your parents to start looking for marriage proposals?
Would a mainstream Muslim woman want to marry me when I am a Gulenist Muslim man?
Would a married man spend time and become increasingly close to a woman he wasn't interested in sexually?
What are the ill effects of practicing forst cousin marriages over the generations​?
Is it possible for a medical intern to marry a navy officer? Will joining the navy be a good option for her?
What is the best way to track your wife with out her knowing?
Whose life is better, a married man's or a bachelor’s?
How do I decide whether the person I am meeting for an arranged marriage is the right person for me?
Is someone 21 years, 7 months old eligible to register a marriage?
What would you do if your prospective wife cheated and lied a lot under the protection of almost all her family and friends?
Is it okay to make outwith someone who is not going end up marrying you?
It is okay to make out with some who is going to marry you?
How did you survive a divorce?
How many marriages can a Muslim have? Is he allowed to have four wives?
My wife and I went through divorces almost ten years ago and are finally above water. Can you give me some advice on purchasing our first home?
What is a monogamous relationship?
Do you share all your views with your spouse?
How can broken trust be restored in a marriage?
How does a King get married?
This 27-year-old married woman named PK secretly hangs out with Ray, a 54-year-old man every day, while her husband is at work. Is PK cheating? Is it wrong for a married woman to do that?
What do you do if your boyfriend begs you to be his wife at the age of 25?
How can I ask a girl whether she is ready to marry me in an arranged marriage?
How can a man cope when he loves someone else aside from his wife and all he wants is to have a mistress/2nd wife and also maintain the first wife?
Why does a barren wife have affairs? Is it safe to marry this woman?
Can married life be predicted before getting married?
What procedure is necessary to get married to a Filipino lady in the Philippines and how long?
Why does a cancer man break up with the woman (loyal Virgo girl) he promised to marry.? Will he ever go back to her for reconciliation?
Is it right to be gay if you are a Hindu? Does Hinduism accept same sex marriage?
Being married man/woman, if you enconter your husband/wife with his/her ex confessing true love, what would be your next step?
What is your opinion of prenuptial agreements and their benefits?
Will girls stop loving their boyfriends after they get married to other guys for their parents?
If a spouse tends to be verbally abusive to his spouse, should they go to a marriage counselor or does the abusive spouse have to go to a therapist?
Did Lord Ganesha marry?
Would you be willing to forgive your spouse if he/she had sex with another person, though it could be termed accidental?
Are atheists forced to convert to Islam if they marry a Muslim woman in Singapore and Malaysia?
Why is sex considered a sin outside of marriage?
If taking a dowry is a sin, why is demanding for alimony always a legal entity?
Why didn't Bhalal Dev get married in Bahubali 2?
Would you accept it if your spouse had sex with another person, albeit accidentally?
According to Hindu law, can a wife (couple separated by mutual consent) file a case against her husband and ask for alimony in the future?
Do you think you should wait to get married until you have a steady income?
Will you marry an idiot if he is rich?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
Why do women demand alimony after divorce if they are equally capable of everything, unlike men?
Why is Polygamy most common in Hindus despite it being illegal for them?
Can a Pakistani marry a Moroccan woman?
What is the meaning of getting married?
Wife filed RCR after NRI husband got divorce in USA. What will happen in the court?
Do couples have to undergo a minimum number of marriage counselling sessions before divorce is granted?
How do husbands react if/when they see the intimacies of their wives' periods?
How should I treat my husband?
Why are you so against arrange marriages?
Did you follow Matthew 18 before filing for a divorce?
Can a love marriage really happen in India where our girlfriend is forced to get married at the age of 23 years old, and on the other hand we are still stuck in a career?
Would you be offended if your mother kept in touch with your ex for years after your divorce?
What does it mean when your wife says you are not romantic?
What are mature married women thinking about while masturbating?
What experiences have people had where they were rejected by girls for love/marriage despite being ruthlessly honest with them?
How should I get out of a marriage that was based on fraud? I married my husband to get over my ex.
Is it wrong for a person to desire that his future wife looks pretty?
If you are married, what is the longest you have gone without sex?
What's it feel like to be divorced from your wife? Do you two still talk to each other?
Would anyone marry me? I have many issues.
How many of us married a spouse we never loved?
How do I deal with demanding siblings of my spouse?
Am I a messed up person for thinking about seeing other women because my wife denies me sex when she's tired?
my date of birth is January 27th, 1972 in Beirut , what are the preditions concerning my current marriage?
How could a man leave his son and divorce his wife of ten years for the sake of his mistress?
Why do people tell me that I will change my mind about having children? My husband and I do not want kids.
Shall I marry a feminist?
Why would a guy you are casually seeing talk about marrying you?
How can I help my husband to be more ambitious?
How do you rebuild trust in a marriage after infidelity?
My husband is extremely wealthy but will not pay for my daughter’s college tuition. What are the legal limits of using his money without his approval?
How can I know my husband’s history?
Do Turkish girls marry Indian boys?
How can I know the history of my husband’s account?
What is it that a girl in India usually sees in a guy in an arranged marriage? Does anyone who has earned with hard labor get any response from girls?
If a wife always scolded her husband and kept a secret relationship with a boy, what should the husband do?
Where can you find a man that actually wants to get married and be a father?
What should be done if there are ego clashes between in laws and parents in case of arrange marriage by the bride when no one seem to compromise?
Why do girls get married at the age of 16 years old in old movies?
Should IPC accept 'irretrievable breakdown of marriage' as a basis for divorce? How should the clause be formulated?
Why there are so few good-looking grooms and brides on matrimonial sites?
Is it ok for men in India if they know his wife had sex with other guy?
How does marrying within one’s own community or within relations differ from marrying one’s own sister or brother?
Why my ex-girlfriend contacting me after 20 years ?
Should a girl tell a boy before they get married that she can’t be a mother or should she let time decide?
Is it wise to get married when you have loans over your head?
What is like to marry in India when you're an introvert?
What can we do if my brother’s wife is not a good person?
How do you respond when you continue to encounter the same problem in your marriage?
Why do Son think different (more towards wife) after marriage?
What is the relationship, and is it fair when we are married?
What if a wife doesn't change her last name?
Happily married for 7yrs and very much in love with my wife? Is it normal to still be attracted to other women to the point I feel like cheating?
Can a man lead a happy sex life even if he married after 30 years?
Why is it so common for some Korean men to abuse their wives after marriage?
What predictions can be made about my marriage and career?
Who is the happiest person, either a married one or a bachelor?
Is marriage really a big deal? Its just two people start living together, like flatmates sharing a room.Why so much planning and money involved?
If asked today, would you be able to name the number one thing your spouse needs from your relationship? Would your spouse be able to do the same?
Can I have two wives?
Are there any women who are married, desperately seeking divorce but trapped in the marriage without actually making a move for a divorce?
How do I stop lusting after my own wife?
What could be the emotional consequences of getting married to your first sexual partner, when he has had several in the past?
Do rape victims get married?
Would my future wife put up with my jealousy if it was only a once a month episode?
Are parents always right when saying that their daughter should get married after age 25?
Is it good to wait for marriage until you're financially capable?
What will happen to a marriage if the UCC is adopted?
In the case of a divorce, can a working Indian Muslim lady ask for maintenance from her husband, as the Mehr amount will only be 10k?
Is there any sexual act between a husband and wife (when both are willing) that comes under lust and not love?
Can a Nigerian man marry a German woman?
Is a SC certificate valid after marriage?
My husband wants to watch me have sex with another man or woman. Should I do it?
What is a mother supposed to do if her son gets a girl pregnant before marriage?
In India, does a married daughter have any right to her father's self-earned property? (Note that the father's property is not ancestral property.)
What if your parents are on the verge of divorce and you have your exams going on? I can’t focus and I get stressed all the time, even over minor stuff.
Are unmarried girls ready to marry young divorced men without kids?
Why do you love your wife/girlfriend?
If a husband smacks the fear of God into his wife, does that show love or respect for her?
Do English people get a pre-marriage contract like in America?
Do conservative Christians have sex before marriage?
Is it okay if there is a 12 year age difference between a husband and his wife?
Does Muslim women only get 1 husband in jannah?
How do the children of a broken marriage perceive life?
Where can I find Indian American girls to marry?
How does it feel before marriage?
Is it ok for the Indian Society if my daughter, my husband, and me have different surnames?
How can a wife get away from an abusive husband?
What should I do with my husband when he suggests that I sell myself for sex to make some quick money?
How can an unmarried gay man living in India, after turning 30, lead a meaningful and contented life?
Is sex important in a marriage?
What happens when a Karnataka girl marries a guy from Bihar?
I am 21. My parents are looking forward for my marriage. I love someone else but my parents will never approve our marriage. What should I do?
Is a friendship you have with your spouse different from one you have with someone who's not your spouse?
How do you and your spouse see your future together? Are your expectations the same or different?
Do divorced couples remember Mother's Day if they have children together?
What do you do when your wife seems to receive undue attention from other men?
What are some good personal wedding vow samples?
Have you rejected a marriage proposal because they asked for a dowry? Did you get a good marriage proposal after that?
Should I get married if I have doubts?
Can a Muslim marry a Jew? Does the Israeli government allow that kind of marriage?
Why do men cheat despite their wives' love and support for them?
In a hypothetical situation, if Kejriwal and Mamata got married, what would be the situation in India?
When should a man have sex with his wife?
How can I convince my wife to participate in group sex ?
What is your favorite way to end a day?
Which blood group woman is not compatible to marry with an O positive man?
What can we do to maintain attraction even after marriage?
Can a man be married and still crave sex with other men?
Why did my girlfriend leave me after my marriage?
What are the benefits I will get by marrying a working woman?
How can I track my husband's car to know if he pick another woman up at work?
Have you ever caught any wife/husband doing a childish activity?
Is it realistic for me to desire marrying a very intelligent man if I'm not overly intelligent myself? I find it so attractive and I want to learn.
What percentage of marriages in India are arranged?
Will Muslim parents accept their daughter marrying a well-settled Hindu guy?
Why is a “no reply” email account sending me mails relating to a matrimonial site?
What if your boyfriend rejects to marry you because you can't become a mother?
Can a husband shout upon his wife without a justified reason?
What do you do when you think that your spouse is lying to you about having different identities?
In the US, people say some gay men hide their orientations and get married to women. How is that even possible?
Why is infidelity so common? What do we expect from our partners?
Should I tell my wife's parents to stop fat-shaming my wife?
Does a married daughter have any rights on her father's self-earned property?
How would you cope when your husband impregnates a family friend who is close to you and you have kids with the man and don't want to leave because of the kids?
Is it a good idea to marry a pathologically jealous partner?
How did you convince your parents to let you marry your love?
How do I mention my zodiac preferences for match compatibility in my matrimonial profile (India)?
Is it normal not to have sex before getting married at the age of 30?
Is it a wise decision to travel, leave my country forever, to find love, get married and have a sweet baby?
What does a boy expect from his future wife?
Is it possible that the oral sex may cause the girl get urethritis after sex?
From a legal standpoint in India, what are the benefits for the man after 7 years of marriage?
They got engaged 7 years ago, and every year she wants to get married, but they're still not. Why?
Do Kashmiris marry European women?
Where can I find Indian-American girls who have US citizenship that I would want to marry?
What should one do if his wife is egotistical, cunning, manipulative, aggressive and never ready to accept mistakes or feedback?
How would you respond if your wife or girlfriend ask you if you think she's chubby?
What are your and your spouse's occupations, and are they important to your marriage?
What is more logical: 1. marriage based on astrology, or 2. marriage based on genetics (eugenics)?
Is it punishable to be in a room without marriage with a girl?
My husband gifted me a very beautiful and expensive bra he bought from Australia. It's slightly bigger for me. What can I do to make it fit me?
What was it like divorcing with kids?
Who would you marry, a super rich businessman or a diplomat?
What are the most funniest moments you had while the boys family came to your house for marriage proposal?
Can a Manglik affect the health and well-being of a non-Manglik after marriage? What are the other ramifications of such a marriage?
Which Hindu Mantra can be chanted for getting married?
What are the problems with young marriages?
Is it realistic for me to desire marrying a very intelligent man if I'm not overly intelligent myself? I find it so attractive.
What do you do if your husband lies to you?
Supporting your husband’s crossdressing when he goes out to a TG night club, what can happen?
How can marriages last when the spouse has a temper?
Can a husband take his wife's caste after marriage?
Has anybody's ex contacted back after getting married to say that they made a mistake?
Should a girl marry a DFO working in RAW?
What does an Indian girl want from her husband?
How can I give my Muslim wife talaq being her Hindu husband as I want to divorce her by speaking talaq three times?
Is it necessary to carry on with a loveless, selfish marriage for your parents’ sake or for society’s sake?
I have my Saturn in the seventh house of my horoscope, does this mean I will never get married or have a happy relationship?
Why do some girls feel like their in-laws are a burden to them? Why do they want to detach their husbands from their parents?
Why are some wives so reluctant towards sex and deny indulging in it very often?
Is it important to get married even when you are not doing good in your career (female)?
Do Muslim girls marry Hindu, Christian, Jews etc.?
How can I be a good wife to my future partner?
What is a good idea for a 7 years of marriage gift?
Why do some religions prevent their priests from marrying when the Bible does not prevent the marrying of priests (Luke 1:5-8 and Matthew 8:14)?
If you're married to this man, and he's never introduced you to his family, yet his ex talks to the family members, should you feel safe in the marriage?
Can someone predict my job and marriage life? My date of birth is 29-09-1990 at 12:45 pm in New Delhi?
What would be a core and logical point to consider for a husband or a wife before taking a decision to divorce or separate after their 25 years of marital life?
Can I get a court marriage with a girl without informing her parents?
What should be the perfect gap between engagement and marriage?
Why would my sister want my husband and me to sleep in separate rooms when we visit her?
What are some questions one should ask themself before they get married?
How does a boyfriend or husband feel about their menstruating partner?
Imagine a 40 years old man travel through time and marry his third cousin's daughter. Will it be possible for him to marry her?
My wife eloped with her boyfriend taking our son. Now she is filing divorce. What should I do to get her back. Any Indian law regarding this?
What kind of questions should be asked during the first meeting for an arranged marriage?
How do I prepare myself to face the future after I separate from my husband?
Why don't rich Chinese marry beautiful Indian girls?
Is it acceptable in court to seek a divorce if, in an arranged marriage, the bride or groom hid some medical condition from the to-be spouse prior to the marriage?
Do wealthy married couples really need life insurance when their net worth exceeds $5m and half of it is in liquid assets?
What’s the biggest barrier to communication in your marriage?
Is converting to Islam for the sake of your future children/marriage wrong?
Do you think you should pay off your financial debts before you marry or shoulder them with your spouse?
How do I convince my father not to force my sister into an arranged marriage?
Have you ever regretted for confessing your ex's matter with your spouse?
What do you care about most when choosing a life partner?
What is the average age for a Muslim girl to get married in India?
How do I pick someone on matrimonial sites when there are so many of them?
Are Indians overly obsessed with marriage?
Is it normal to not like your mother-in-law at all?
Would you marry somebody in the same profession as yours? Why? Why not?
How do I find out if my wife is cheating on me on her phone?
Why should a woman sacrifice in a marriage?
Can a divorced woman marry an unmarried man? What are the odds?
What challenges could I face in India if I decide to never get married?
Why can the Chief Rabbinical Court in Israel still have jurisdiction over civil-married Jewish couples on their divorce? What is the jurisprudence?
Why are so many people deciding to remain single and why is the divorce rate so high?
Is it bad for single people to give advice to married people and vice-versa?
Do Indian girls prefer IITians or IIM grads more than others for marriage?
Is it okay to have sex before marriage in Pakistan?
Where can I get a man to act with me in front of my husband?
What are some bad examples of failed love marriage in India, and why?
What points should you consider when you decide to go for a love marriage without your parents’ consent?
What are Jehova Witness marriage laws when a couple separate?
What are the pros and cons of a 23-year-old woman marrying a 38-year-old man?
Why are there so many divorces in today's society?
Should I just not pursue marriage?
How do I file for divorce in India on the basis of mental harassment or an incompatible relationship?
What are all the documents in India where the post-marriage spouse name should be included?
What is the thing that the father gives to the daughter before marriage and takes back after marriage?
Marriage
Why does a roll for sleep in a bedroom have another name, which is 'Dutch wife'?
How can I teach someone a lesson who sent me a vulgar mail with a lot of "f**ks" in it, just because I said no to her parents for marriage?
Why does a narcissistic husband hurt his wife when she is the only person who is always there for him?
Why does a narcissist husband hurt his wife when she is the only person who is always there for him?
Can I like someone after marriage?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
Which all are the famous temples in India where non-Hindus can get married?
What have you found out about your spouse that scares or upsets you?
Is it necessary for a widow to stay at her in-law’s house?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How can you handle a bad wife who is pregnant?
If you believe that there must be a marriage to be in a relationship, but you know that marriage isn't possible, are you not condemned to loneliness?
When did Subhadra Kitching get married?
How will my life be if I marry a lieutenant in the Indian Navy?
Does Indian law consider marriage as legal prostitution? Why should a man pay and take care of his wife in this independent world?
Is it too difficult for an Indian woman to live independently after divorce?
What is your story as a married daughter (Indian parents)?
I am 21. My parents are looking forward for my marriage. I love someone else but my parents will never approve our marriage. What should I do?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
What would you choose, to go vagabonding for two years or to get stabilized, marry and have kids?
Should I get married if I have doubts?
What do you think about the expectation of Indian husbands asking their wives (working/non-working) to wash their innerware, whereas they never do the same for their wives?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Does a second wife's child have legal claims on his/her father's property?
What is the purpose of mentioning marriage status in application forms?
Is it common to stay a virgin until marriage?
How can I track my husband's car to know if he pick another woman up at work?
Why are so many couples unhappy in their marriages?
How does the virginity of husbands affect the wife?
Does age matter when you marry somebody 8 years younger?
How come it's common for men to be married to women younger than them and rare the other way round?
Is it ok to marry a man younger than me?
In inter-religious marriages, what are the legalities regarding the religion of the child? Do they follow the mother’s or father’s?
Instead of destruction (divorce), can answers be more about construction (marriage recovery)?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Is Mu'tah marriage permitted in Islam?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
Does a married daughter have any rights on her father's self-earned property?
Does the unfavourable marriage horoscope matching always fail?
How appropriate is it for a girl or her family to expect the groom to have 5x to 10x more income than her?
What are your thoughts of getting married at 19?
Can a Libra man and Capricorn woman be successful together as husband and wife?
What would you do if your prospective wife cheated and lied a lot under the protection of almost all her family and friends?
Both of my parents hate each other and fight all time but refuse to get a divorce because of "the kids". Should I tell them to get a divorce?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
What is the best way to recover financially from divorce?
What is the minimum time for a Hindu marriage to dissolve if the wife is not willing to divorce?
Do Indian men consider dating a 25 year old divorced woman without kids and with absolutely no mistake of hers in divorce?
What should one do if his wife is egotistical, cunning, manipulative, aggressive and never ready to accept mistakes or feedback?
Will an Irish guy marry a Chinese girl?
What can you say about an abusive father that walked out of the life of his wife leaving three kids behind?
Is it okay for a Kashyap Brahmin to marry a Kashyap Bengali girl?
What steps should a women take to make her life secure at the age of 30 if she decides never to get married?
Why can I not marry a man who is older than me by 20 years?
After marriage in court, the husband and wife have been living separately for 6 months. Can this marriage be annulled as per Hindu law?
What does it mean if you dream that someone you like got married?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
What is your opinion of prenuptial agreements and their benefits?
At the age of 22, should I prefer marriage or should I continue my studies?
If a spouse tends to be verbally abusive to his spouse, should they go to a marriage counselor or does the abusive spouse have to go to a therapist?
Has anybody's ex contacted back after getting married to say that they made a mistake?
Can an Indian citizen marry a girl from either the USA, UK, or France? If yes what is the diplomatic procedure to follow?
How did people show that they were married in the middle ages?
Is it possible for a person with a new Canadian PR visa to sponsor his wife?
Since sex is considered part of adult dating, does sex consummate a relationship? If yes, what consummates marriage?
What do women want in their "perfect" husband?
How do I settle a divorce in Canada?
How do I convince my husband that watching 1 hour of good (simple and beautiful) cartoons would not mentally harm our 2 and 4 year old daughters?
Can a married woman ask for child support from the man who impregnated her while she was married and still married?
What is the meaning of getting married?
Are being a virgin, fair, and earning in the 6 figures the eligibility criteria every man seeks for marriage? If she earns less and has average looks, is she not worth it?
I recently found out that my ex-wife has cancer and refuses to get treatment. How do I change her mind?
Does Chinese Zodiac affect your marriage?
Is it possible to save someone from a narcissists grasp (a marriage to one)?
Can a love marriage really happen in India where our girlfriend is forced to get married at the age of 23 years old, and on the other hand we are still stuck in a career?
Would you let your wife stay friends with her ex-boyfriend(s)?
How much alimony should a women get from her Indian husband?
Is there such thing as a mail order husband?
What are aspects we have to consider while choosing a girl for marriage?
What does it mean when your wife says you are not romantic?
Do Koreans marry women older than them?
Can I take my ex to court after the divorce because I am disabled?
Why don't rich Chinese marry beautiful Indian girls?
If I have a wife, can I have a waifu?
My ex-wife says she is off illegal drugs now and wants to have unsupervised visits with the children. Should I trust her?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Why do people tell me that I will change my mind about having children? My husband and I do not want kids.
How can I help my husband to be more ambitious?
Is my husband a white knight narcissist?
I’m Indian and my girlfriend is French. We plan to get married in October. How soon can I work in France and in the U.K. after that?
Would you marry a raped woman?
Should IPC accept 'irretrievable breakdown of marriage' as a basis for divorce? How should the clause be formulated?
Why my ex-girlfriend contacting me after 20 years ?
How should one react after finding out that one’s husband has had an affair in the past?
Should I get married if I have no other choice?
Would a girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
Where is it legal for 3 or more persons in a polyamorous relationship to get married?
How do I stop being afraid of what kind of man I will get in an arranged marriage?
I'm reading a lot of questions regarding failure in marriages and seeing many regrets about it under that topic. Isn't it possible to live without a life partner?
How can I get over the end of my marriage when I have to keep seeing him because of the kids?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
What would you do if your husband hurt you by worst words?
Is there any rule in SSC AMC that after engagement, you are posted to the single station? For marrying a civilian.
How do you respond when you continue to encounter the same problem in your marriage?
What if a wife doesn't change her last name?
How do I revive love for my wife?
I am having trouble expressing my anger and I usually keep it in. Is this normal or this is where it gets when you become adult?
If your spouse asked you to change one thing to save your marriage, would you be willing to do it? How difficult would it be?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
Why do Indian men have relationships knowing he would break it up and prefer marrying younger girls in the end (arranged marriage)?
How do I stop lusting after my own wife?
What are the 10 things every Indian should know before getting married?
What could be the emotional consequences of getting married to your first sexual partner, when he has had several in the past?
How can a Muslim married man marry a Muslim woman without getting a divorce from his first wife?
Is it practically possible for an unemployed, non-virgin, 26-year-old girl to get married through an arranged marriage system without a dowry?
What is the reason for not getting pregnant after marriage?
What are the indications a married woman is interested in me for the long term?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
In the case of a divorce, can a working Indian Muslim lady ask for maintenance from her husband, as the Mehr amount will only be 10k?
How did you feel when you found out your husband cheated?
How does marriage for citizenship work and is it legal?
How can I stop my husband from buying me food that makes me fat without being rude or hurting his feelings?
My husband wants to watch me have sex with another man or woman. Should I do it?
Is there any dating plus marriage website out there?
Why does my wife continue to have sex with her ex boyfriend (baby daddy) but says she wants to stay married to me?
What are the terms "handfasting", "misyar" and "muta?
How can I deal with my wife never initiating sex?
How can you know that your girlfriend really loves you and wants to marry you?
Why do you love your wife/girlfriend?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
What is a sign that your wife has a lesbian girlfriend?
Why should I marry my lover?
Are young people in China delaying marriage or having a child?
What are the pros and cons if your partner is dark skinned?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
Can an Indian man and a Venezuelan woman have a happy married life?
What are we if our great grandparents married each other?
My sister (Hindu Brahmin) wants to marry with a Muslim guy who is already married having 3 kids, how can I stop her?
Being a non-Bengali, what should I keep in mind if I want to marry a Bengali girl?
In an Indian family, should I take sides with my wife against my parents?
Does Muslim women only get 1 husband in jannah?
What kind of protection do I have as a wife married to a narcissistic possible sociopath husband?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
What happens when a Karnataka girl marries a guy from Bihar?
What is the medical explanation for dumb husband and wife having dumb kids?
What is the darkest secret you will not tell your spouse?
What kind of girl would you like to marry?
What did you feel when your bestfriend got married?
Would you sleep with your brother-in-law to save your marriage?
When should a man have sex with his wife?
How did the return of your ex in your life ruin your marriage?
What documents are required for a fresh passport application for women after marriage?
Why do successful women in India (or the world over) don't get married to not-so-successful men in general?
What are the things that a mother of girls should do when divorcing and if remarrying?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
Can you tell me about the legal requirements for a divorce in Pakistan?
How can you stay with your wife in peace?
Do you regret marrying a wrong person who doesn't value his wife’s feelings?
What are your views on wives (working/non-working) washing the innerware of their husbands whereas husbands never do the same?
What percentage of marriages in India are arranged?
Why does the Indian marriage system favour women only?
Do blow jobs end after marriage?
Will you marry a man who is not virgin?
Is the Hindu Marriage Act not applicable in Bihar-Jharkhand? A marriage registrar says so.
What are the things a bride should buy?
Why is the amount of alimony directly proportional to the degree of richness of the husband?
What are the ill effects of practicing forst cousin marriages over the generations​?
Is it ok for an unmarried Indian to change religion at the age of 22?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
Is it okay to make outwith someone who is not going end up marrying you?
Where can I find single women who are US citizens and willing to marry an H1B candidate?
Where can I find Indian-American girls who have US citizenship that I would want to marry?
How do I propose a Bengali girl for marriage?
Is it easy to get married in Romania?
How often do you watch porn after marriage?
Why does an Indian girl prefer a boy in marriage who earns more than she does? Isn't this pseudo-feminism?
Can I take 50g of jewels and my marriage chain with me to the USA and then return back to India?
Should I date someone who doesn't want to marry me?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
How do I leave my husband who keeps stressing me out and makes me "walk on eggshells"?
Why does a man get married & have children if he’s not rich enough? Why doesn’t he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live lavishly?
My wife is pregnant.she have done her blood test on the recommendation of her gyne. Her report show the TSH is 34.8. Is it dangerous?
How can I ask a girl whether she is ready to marry me in an arranged marriage?
Is it realistic for me to desire marrying a very intelligent man if I'm not overly intelligent myself? I find it so attractive.
What attitudes should people have about living together before marriage?
Does a husband have rights after a divorce to have part of his ex-wife’s deceased husband's life insurance benefits?
Are you married to your teacher/professor/tutor like Macron is?
Would you kill your wife or sister because she fraternised with an American soldier?
Are there any Madhwa Brahman girls working in Deloitte Bangalore (US India), who are ready for marriage?
What if getting married isn't an escape?
What are good advises I should keep in mind before getting married?
Is Ranbir Kapoor going to marry a foreigner?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Can I marry my mothers uncle's daughter's daughter?
If taking a dowry is a sin, why is demanding for alimony always a legal entity?
What do you think of pre-wedding shoots? Do they hold any importance?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How fair is it to talk with your mother-in-law and father-in-law for hours before marriage?
What reasons besides abuse, infidelity, and incompatibility can cause divorces?
How do I fall ill on the day of my marriage?
Should I marry a girl who has had physical relations with her brother?
How far should I go (distance-wise) to escape my in-laws? No, more seriously, my husband is a only child and his parents are very clingy. What to do?
How do I control and advise a daughter who wishes to go for an intercaste marriage with another community?
I'm Aries and my husband is Leo, but has a child with a Scorpio woman. They keep coming together, how can I separate them?
Is it common in the Middle East for straight males to engage in sex with other men before they marry a woman?
Is it truly possible to have a happy marriage?
Why should I marry my girlfriend?
What does it say in the catholic Bible about sex before marriage?
Have any Indian guys married a Chinese girl? Wouldn't there be a huge cultural disconnect?
Imagine a 40 years old man travel through time and marry his third cousin's daughter. Will it be possible for him to marry her?
What is the best way to marry an atheist?
What should I do with my wife on bed?
Why are so many men willing to throw away years of a good marriage to a decent person just because 'life isn't as fun as it used to be'?
How do I get happiness with my wife?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Can an overseas marriage between an Indian citizen and a foreigner be recognised by Indian law upon providing the act of marriage issued abroad?
What are your views about polyandry and polygamy? Does it have benefits?
What are the steps to get married with a foreigner in Indonesia?
Have you ever regretted for confessing your ex's matter with your spouse?
Who were Ashoka’s wives?
What are some good ways to divorce your Asian wife after just 4 months of controlling and cruel behavior?
How can a brother buy out his sister but also add his wife to his inherited property? Should the sister just sell her half to the wife?
Why does my wife feel useless after leaving her work?
What is the relationship, and is it fair when we are married?
If you thought your spouse was cheating & found a receipt would you ask immediately or try to get more info based on the delivery address?
What are some questions to ask my significant other on date night?
I'm a Finnish citizen. If I marry an American citizen could I legally live in the USA?
Is the origin of ‘eu’ in Greco Latin from Turkish ‘ev’ for marriage/home?
When did Meena Kumari get married?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
What changes when you get married?
What should a man do if his wife leaves his house after learning about his affair with another woman?
What is a good response to a question "Why you don't have a boyfriend / husband?"?
Is it necessary for a girl to get married? What if she doesn't want to or is afraid of marriage?
If a U.S resident does not own a car, is he considered poor and will have trouble finding a girlfriend/wife?
What are the benefits if HCL employees married each other?
Where can I get a man to act with me in front of my husband?
Is there anyone who got pregnant before marriage?
When did you realize you married a boy in a man's body?
Can a man with blood group A positive marry a woman with blood group B Rh positive?
What is the max no. of days a PSB PO can get as a leave for his marriage?
What if you find out your father (within 6 month of your mother's death) and your elder brother is involved with married women having children?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
Can I write my husband's surname after my whole name without any documentation?
Is it ok to visit a call girl to satisfy your physical need while you are not married?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
Will any Indian girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
What is life like after marriage in a typical Indian family for a 21st century girl?
How do I get married on the Vancouver Island?
Should gay marriage be allowed or not in our country?
What is the best way get my buddy and his wife to have a threesome?
What can I do to bring back my spouse?
How do you get your wife to appreciate you?
What kind of ring is suitable for marriage?
Can wives feed their husbands?
Why do men have fantasies about other women, even when they are happily married?
What's the best game to play with my wife?
How can I give a second chance to my marriage?
My husband wants a divorce. Can I say "No"?
How do you stop hurting and feeling heartbroken for yourself and for your 2 children after a divorce you didn't want?
How do I break the truth to an obese friend who thinks hedge fund managers should marry her because of her nice personality?
I got married 3 months ago and my wife cries over every little thing (emotional blackmail). How should I handle this?
Is it normal for psychopaths to marry people with less money who don’t look all that good?
What do you do when your wife seems to receive undue attention from other men?
What religion did Shivaji's wife, Sakwar Bai, belong to? What is her family history?
What may be the punishment if a lady is blamed for maintenance, dowry, and harassment over her husband?
What is different between escort and wife?
Is virginity a main key for a happy life marriage? How important is it? Why and why not.
How should I have sex with my virgin wife on our wedding night?
How does frequent masturbation effect married life?
How many wife's did the Nizam have?
How were you feeling during your marriage?
Why didn’t Harry Potter marry Cho Chang? Was it because of her race, her flat face, or because she is not attractive?
Who is your favorite "We Got Married" couple?
What should I do if my wife feels that she, at the professional level, hasn't reached her full potential?
What are the best questions to ask a guy whom you are meeting for the first time for an arranged marriage to know more about his nature?
What happens when a female Judge gets married to a doctor?
What is the bigger social stigma, not wanting to get married or not wanting kids?
Would a married man spend time and become increasingly close to a woman he wasn't interested in sexually?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
My husband and I were celebrating a crossword game win when I gave him a high five and he pinched me. Why would he do that?
Were women stoned to death for adulterous relations when Virgin Mary was alive?
A marriage proposal didn’t work out because of our horoscopes. I think the girl is a great companion but she believes in horoscopes. How should I proceed?
What is the name of the old porn in Italian/French where a husband and wife have sex to seduce the neighbour woman and make her have sex with them?
Is it possible that the oral sex may cause the girl get urethritis after sex?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
Do I stay with a controlling, narcissistic husband who hates my kids just because of the money?
I have difference of opinion with my wife. We haven't spoken for more than a year. We live in the same house. Should I go for divorce?
How should I behave with my cheated wife?
Why would I marry? I have never been a fan of families; my sexual life is stabilized. What could be other reasons to marry?
What is the importance of a courtship period for marriage?
If a husband asking for money is a crime, why is it not a crime for a wife to do the same?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
How do I convince a soon-to-be married man not to cheat on his fiancee with me?
What are the most common marriage problems?
How does state paternity laws apply to same-sex marriages?
Are prisoners in US jails allowed to get married?
What are the problems with young marriages?
What are the basics requirements of marriage in Islam?
Do all young parent marriages crash?
Has anyone ever had a "good" extramarital affair, in which they did not regret the affair? What were the reasons for it? How did it end?
Most of my friends are married. Seems like I'm the only one who is still single. I feel lonely. What should I do?
Is there a marriage museum in your country?
If your spouse doesn't mind if you cheat on him or her, would you cheat?
How much does it cost to change partners after marriage?
The K2 holder has eloped. The petitioner will not seek an adjustment of status for her. What will happen to the bride?
What were the ages that people got married in the 1860's?
Is it okay to give a finger ring to your partner before marriage?
Is it okay for a woman to marry a man who is 12 years older than her?
According to Hindu law, can a wife (couple separated by mutual consent) file a case against her husband and ask for alimony in the future?
Do marriages between older women and younger men, and vice versa, work?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
Do you think it's possible for mainland China to legalize same-sex marriage?
What law should be used against an Indian husband to continue the matrimonial profile after marriage and to chat with girls in matrimonial chats?
Is it possible to feel something for your well known male friend after you married to another man?
What should I do before bringing and marrying a hot foreign girlfriend to the US?
Why do some religions prevent their priests from marrying when the Bible does not prevent the marrying of priests (Luke 1:5-8 and Matthew 8:14)?
In Washington State, what are one's divorce rights if their spouse cheats on them?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Can I get a court marriage with a girl without informing her parents?
What's it like being the child in a divorce?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Is there an expiration date for a civil wedding?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Is India the worst country to get married for men, with so much female-centric laws ready to screw their life?
What is the best place around Bangalore to take my wife out on her first birthday after marriage?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
I am engaged to a girl who loves someone else. Her parents won't let her marry him as he is from another caste. What should I do?
Whenever I ask my boyfriend for marriage, he only delays. He never says no. But my parents want me to get married. What should I do?
What is a bride’s price?
Do Turkish girls marry Indian boys?
Is converting to Islam for the sake of your future children/marriage wrong?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
When requested to do a pointless task, what should I do if the resulting argument by disagreeing would actually take longer than the task itself?
What is the ideal romantic situation for a married couple on a daily soap opera?
Why are a number of people, especially Bollywood celebrities, becoming fathers or mothers without being married, even though they are rich?
In what circumstance should I get a divorce?
Is it okay to contact my husband's former mistress?
Do you think Katrina has taken a right decision for marrying a man like Ranbir Kapoor, even after being aware of his womanizing ways?
Is it ok for men in India if they know his wife had sex with other guy?
What should a mother say to her daughter when she is getting married?
Is it ok to marry a divorcee?
Why is marriage compulsory in India?
In KSA, do they kill people for adultery/cheating on their spouse?
What should be the ground rules be for a husband and wife working in the same organisation?
Why should a woman sacrifice in a marriage?
What makes a husband cheat on his beautiful and loving wife?
Why do we have to get married? Why is the need to get married so great that people are willing to marry someone they barely know?
What are some pros and cons of residing with in-laws after marriage?
Why are so many people deciding to remain single and why is the divorce rate so high?
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
Is it ok when a wife with a kid stays permanently in her home, strictly saying no to her in-laws’ home, when the husband is working abroad?
Is it okay to get married in college if you are in a healthy relationship?
Who do you blame in an affair? The woman or the man who vowed his loyalty to his wife?
How do I file for divorce in India on the basis of mental harassment or an incompatible relationship?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
In a marriage without sex, what can promote both intimacy and a sense of exclusivity?
What are some good tips or techniques for a man to excite his wife in bed?
What can happen to a person if they don't marry the one they love?
How can I teach someone a lesson who sent me a vulgar mail with a lot of "f**ks" in it, just because I said no to her parents for marriage?
In India, does a married daughter have any right to her father's self-earned property? (Note that the father's property is not ancestral property.)
How likely is it that a marriage will work if the guy cheats within the first year?
Is it worth waiting for sex until marriage? Why or why not?
How is Bhadra depicted as the son of Bhallaladeva, when the wife of Bhallaladeva is not shown?
If a girl gets pregnant, should she and the father of her unborn child get married or is it totally irrelevant?
Is the dowry tradition relative and falsely exaggerated by girls’ parents?
Is it ok for my wife to sleep with my penis inside her?
Why does my husband sleep on the couch and not with me?
How do Indian girls view an affair or relationship with a young, unmarried smoking hot male teacher?
While going through a divorce, my husband disappeared. Will my divorce be granted with a settlement?
In the United States, what percentage of average, non-"sleazy" men cheat on their wives?
Can an Indian engagement end if the bride is no longer a virgin?
Why would a narcissistic mother be there for her children and husband?
How will life be for an Indian girl who was born and brought up in Dubai to get married (arranged) and settle down in Germany?
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
For couples with school-aged children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
What are some good personal wedding vow samples?
How can I convince my wife to participate in group sex ?
What is your favorite way to end a day?
What's the point in getting married when it's such a financial risk?
Why do some wives want to have sex in the morning only?
Is it impossible for me to find a serious relationship after a failed marriage? Guys seem to discriminate me because I have a kid.
Will a Rajput girl's parents allow their daughter to marry a Kerala boy?
I'm happier after my divorce even though my ex is in the dumps. How do I deal with this guilt?
If you are a male, and for some reason you can never get married (disability, severe lack of confidence etc.), how do you cope?
Will an Indian, narcissist husband consider divorce after the silent treatment, considering it's difficult to find new sources?
What are the benefits I will get by marrying a working woman?
Do Manglik boys ever get married?
Why would a person get married & have children if he's not rich enough? Why doesn't he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live his life lavishly?
Is it necessary to marry again after a painful divorce? What are the counter side effects of being alone?
Who are some scientists who funded their careers through funding lulls by marrying rich?
Why would a man continuously go back to the woman he's been having an affair with, even after telling said woman he won't leave his wife?
How do you recover after discovering that your deceased spouse was unfaithful?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
Can you have sex with your wife whilst in prison?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
If someone marries a woman with a kid, how does society react?
How many people get married due to social/family pressure in India?
Is it ok for a man to beat up his wife?
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
What does a boy expect from his future wife?
Will they remove my husband’s name off the lease because lately they’ve been finding ways for him to move back to the barracks?
When prophet Muhamad (saw) died he left behind 9 widows. Who then ordered Muslims to marry just 4 wives?
Can a marriage in India be registered with two different marriage dates?
How would you respond if your wife or girlfriend ask you if you think she's chubby?
We are 52 and 53; I am in premenopause. My husband wants it all the time, and we're both frustrated. What is a fair compromise on sex in a marriage?
What can we learn from arranged marriages?
What happens when a narcissistic girl marries an empath?
What would you like to cook in the absence of your wife/hubby?
What amount of alimony should I get if I was married to my ex-husband for 1 just month and I'm leaving him for my boyfriend of 6 years?
How can broken trust be restored in a marriage?
Did Bruce Lee cheat on his wife?
How can I do online marriage in Pakistan?
Which Hindu Mantra can be chanted for getting married?
What is best, living relationships or marriage?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
How can a man cope when he loves someone else aside from his wife and all he wants is to have a mistress/2nd wife and also maintain the first wife?
Can a pair who betray their spouses and leave them to be together sustain their relationship for long & how can they trust knowing they both cheated?
Why did Muhammad marry his adopted son's wife?
Can married life be predicted before getting married?
Why does a cancer man break up with the woman (loyal Virgo girl) he promised to marry.? Will he ever go back to her for reconciliation?
Why are children born to Hindu mothers married to Muslim men fanatic Muslims?
How can you treat your husband's insecurities?
Is it wrong to marry a lady 12 years younger than me?
Will the dowry system in the Kerala Muslim community end?
Is it possible to inter-caste a marriage between a Yadav community girl and a Brahmin boy?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
What should a mother of two children do if she finds out that her officer husband engaged in oral sex before and after their marriage?
As a newly married working-class lady, is it advisable to hand my salary over to my husband once received? What are the pros and cons?
My wife goes to Osho meditation centre in Pune. Will she have sex and shall I trust her?
What do you think about a psychologist seeing both partners of a marriage separately and indefinitely?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Can I marry my maternal grandmom’s brother’s son’s daughter?
Marriage or cohabitation, which do you prefer?
Can a Pakistani marry a Moroccan woman?
What job offer did Bill Clinton ignore so he could be with Hilary before they got married?
Wife filed RCR after NRI husband got divorce in USA. What will happen in the court?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
Which blood group for a boy is suitable for a B-Negative girl for marriage?
Is it mandatory to marry the one whom you love?
Are al-hoor al-iyn (virgins) concubines or wives of Muslims in Jannah?
What was your outcome after hiring a PI to spy on your spouse?
Should I marry a girl whom I don't like but my family members love?
Why are some mothers and husbands so negative?
What you do if your husband had an overly high sex drive?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Why do so many Iranians in America marry out of their group?
Would anyone marry me? I have many issues.
What do you do when your wife doesn't want a divorce, but wants to be on her own for a while?
Is it unethical to love a married lady who is deprived of love by her husband?
Which is preferable, living together with or without a marriage certificate? Why?
What can I do if I am being mentally, financially and emotionally harassed by my husband even after 10 years of marriage?
Is it reasonable for a couple to come to an agreement that the one that wants children be the one responsible for most of the childcare?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
Will you allow your spouse to practice their own religion?
What is it that a girl in India usually sees in a guy in an arranged marriage? Does anyone who has earned with hard labor get any response from girls?
What is the expected length of time one should visit with their spouse in a hospital?
How do I find the courage to divorce my wife?
Have you cried over your wife?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
Happily married for 7yrs and very much in love with my wife? Is it normal to still be attracted to other women to the point I feel like cheating?
How difficult is it to be married to a soldier?
How are small societies and large ones different when it comes to attitudes toward marriage?
Is it hard for a man to improve his professional career after marriage?
How do you leave your husband when you’re just not in love anymore but don't want to hurt him?
Would you marry somebody in the same profession as yours? Why? Why not?
Is it okay to pressure your spouse for a physical relationship in your marriage?
How can I find out if my wife is on dating sites?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
If asked today, would you be able to name the number one thing your spouse needs from your relationship? Would your spouse be able to do the same?
I have to be very good to my husband's relatives, but he does not do the same. How do I cope with it?
How can I get up the nerve to play the songs I wrote in front of my wife if they involve painful relationship issues we've been through in the past?
How did marriage impact your career, daily lifestyle and life generally? And what advice do you have for new couples?
What should I do if I am in a loving relationship with a married guy (who loves his wife too) and time-to-time I feel jealous of his wife?
What are the remedies for incompatibility in marriage?
How do I cope living with a narcissistic wife without ruining the lives of our children?
Why do some married women not like sex?
What should​ I look for in my future​ wife?
If you are unable to 'fit in' for much of your life (socially, jobs, marriages, etc.), what are the potential reasons? Can they be overcome?
Which cultures have the healthiest marriages?
Why is the groom expected to pay for the wedding house in China?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
If a lady is married and gets married again without a divorce, who made the mistake?
Why do most boys become more interested in married women?
What should I do if my wife doesn't like sex anymore?
How difficult is it to get Europe visa? I have recently quit my job as I am getting married in few months. What are the documents needed?
Can anyone force me to stay with my husband if I don't want to?
Do women find it titillating to have sex with a married man?
What is Tejasvita Apte's view on fake dowry allegations against men?
When parents disapprove of marrying a guy with lesser educational qualifications, even though the guy and girl are madly in love, what is the solution?
In a general sense, what should I expect from being married to a Georgian (as in the country next to Turkey)?
Why is prenuptial agreement not valid in India?
What is the best age for Marriage in Pakistan?
Even in the 20th century, why are many Indian parents still opposed to love marriages?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
What do you do when you are forced into a marriage? Do you leave the person or compromise?
What is the easiest way to forget your husband's pornographic chats with other girls?
Is it possible to live without getting married?
How can marriage destroy someone?
If a wife registers for "file and suspend," when can her husband receive spousal benefits?
Do Indian martyrs’ wives get married again?
Does one have to be married to have IVF done in China?
What are the traditions of Iraqi weddings?
Should I be offended if my boyfriend didn't say Happy Mother's Day to me even though I do stuff for his daughter all the time?
How do I convince my Muslim parents to allow an intercaste marriage with a Brahmin guy?
Is an IAF servant allowed to be a live-in without marriage?
What is the government of Singapore's stance on same-sex marriage?
Can I, a divorcee marry a bachelor?
Should I be leery about dating a 55 year old man that has never been married?
What should I do if my mother-in-law always shows partiality between her two daughters-in-law?
How can I marry? I am 20 years old.
Would you deliberately allow someone to make your wife pregnant if you know you are not fertile?
Is it better to live alone or have a spouse that causes misery and emotional torment?
Why do Indian parents always prefer an arranged marriage over a love marriage?
Do all marriage restrictions now have to be placed in the Constitution?
What are the tips you want to give to the bride who is getting married in 1 month?
If you are successful then is it necessary to get married?
Do Kashmiris marry European women?
What are the merits and demerits of same age marriage?
Why is it so difficult to get married in India? I have been trying since 3 years now, but still not able to find a decent girl for myself.
How do you begin to let go of losing a spouse?
What is the Christian point of view regarding dating before marriage? Is it sin?
What does it feel like to sleep with another man’s wife?
Can a Manglik affect the health and well-being of a non-Manglik after marriage? What are the other ramifications of such a marriage?
If one spouse is in the medical field (physician) and the other isn't, are they more likely to divorce?
Is divorce as hard on young kids as we're told it is?
What do you do if your husband lies to you?
Why is inter-caste marriage more important than an ideal marriage?
Are Pakistani husbands good to their wives, or do they cheat?
What do you think about inter-religious marriages?
What should we know before starting our family?
In India nowadays, married women are misusing dowry laws. What do you say about this?
Is it important to get married even when you are not doing good in your career (female)?
How does a girlfriend or wife react when her boyfriend or husband has premature ejaculation?
What are some of ways to surprise your wife in bed?
What is it about married men who interact a lot with unattached, attractive women on Facebook? Should their wives get concerned?
How should I resolve a conflict between myself and my family about my future marriage?
In a country with illegal homosexual marriage, is it legal to marry a transman to a transwoman or a gay man to a gay woman?
How do I prepare myself to face the future after I separate from my husband?
How much difference is there between your height and your spouse's?
Is it acceptable in court to seek a divorce if, in an arranged marriage, the bride or groom hid some medical condition from the to-be spouse prior to the marriage?
Should a 43 year old man marry a 26 year old woman?
Did all great people in the world have a happy married life?
If a person's name is Padma Ramesh, where Ramesh is her husband's name, what should be her given name and surname in her passport?
How does it feel to cheat on your spouse?
Why would a woman who has been given a triple talaq want to stay with her husband?
My husband is extremely wealthy but will not pay for my daughter’s college tuition. What are the legal limits of using his money without his approval?
Are there any Cancer man and Gemini woman successfully and happily married couples on Quora?
Could I marry a Mormon woman as a transman?
Why there are so few good-looking grooms and brides on matrimonial sites?
Is there an inter-caste/casteism problem faced in European countries during marriages?
How would it be if, instead of a married couple (usually) taking the last name of the man, their last names were mixed with one half of one name and one half of the other name?
Are toxic in-laws a deal breaker for a potential marriage?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
Is it possible to inherit mother's community for children born out of inter community marriage?
Should people marry?
Why do Son think different (more towards wife) after marriage?
Will I be able to get rid of the narcissist in my life after discovering that I have been married to one for the last 45 years?
Is it wrong to have feelings for your ex even though he is married? How can you get rid of these feelings?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
How can a person leave a person he loves so much if she has developed a chronic disease, and marry someone else? Don't they feel any pain?
My wife has been caught cheating and divorce is about to be finalized. How do I not fail my daughter as a father if I’m not getting custody of her?
Which is the best marriage match site?
What needs to be done if I want to marry Shraddha Kapoor and I'm only 21?
What does the law state for a cruel husband having many affairs and has applied for divorce?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
Is it okay to leave your spouse if you have been miserable with them for a long period of time?
How can you explain the formalities of a traditional Hindu marriage on the basis of science?
According to the Hinduism, is marriage a sin?
What was marriage like during the Middle Ages?
Can Christians perform BDSM if they are married?
Would my future wife put up with my jealousy if it was only a once a month episode?
How do I overcome from sadness after the death of spouse?
If I get a working holiday visa (IEC) and get married after getting it, do I have to process it again?
With shortage of women in China, why are there not more Chinese men marrying foreign women? Rather, the opposite is true.
Can a Nigerian man marry a German woman?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
Is there a device that let you withdraw blood sample from some one when hes asleep or unaware? Like face-off movie when the wife tried it her husband
Can a man get alimony from his wife?
Can I, as an asexual, marry someone and be close to them without sex (more like a friendship)?
Is there any court ruling in which a separated wife is denied of maintenance from her husband due to her high qualification?
How do you feel when your husband leaves you for his parents?
I am getting married to my long distance boyfriend of 2 years. I am not happy about it and I am unsure. Should I get married so that I don't hurt him?
Should I marry a girl who earns more than me, but behaves like an animal with me? Her behaviour is worse than that of an animal.
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
How can I decode information that my cheating husband has on his S5?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
How do parents who believe in arranged marriage set up their children if the children are unattractive?
Is it possible for a man to marry a lady older than him?
How common is to wife swap between brothers in joint families in India?
After being married, why can you never be "single" again?
How do you relate to your ex-wife?
How do I get a new home for my wife and I, and our son who is disabled, when we have no money?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
What are some ways to come alongside a spouse who was abused as a child? How do you keep this from affecting your marriage?
What news outlets in the US can help a woman expose her ongoing plight with Family Court and her ex-husband?
Have you ever had sex with a married woman?
At what age, generally, does a male doctor get married?
Why do friends change after marriage or after getting a job?
What should I say to a stubborn relative trying to convince me to get married when I want to focus on my studies?
How has too much masturbation affected your married life?
Why do men cheat despite their wives' love and support for them?
How much money does a girl need to pay her husband after divorce if she is the sole earner in the family?
Are arranged marriages good or bad?
Are there any non-Indian girls who like Indian culture and want to marry an Indian guy? In that case, would you settle in India?
Is it ethical for your marriage therapist to start seeing both individuals in the marriage on a one-on-one basis while still in marriage counseling?
I used to be quite an optimist. My husband called me his sugar coater. Life happened and that faded. How can I get back to that attitude?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
What are the signs of a married Muslim guy/man?
Can I date a second cousin once removed?
Why is it so hard to understand a woman, when she is your wife especially?
Inspite of being a dedicated wife, why do I feel the urge to show my love and care for someone other than my husband?
Do men usually buy their wives something for Mother’s Day?
Are sexually satisfied women less prone to have extramarital affairs?
When and how do I decide that I should go for a divorce and end my 2-year-old marriage?
Will Muslim parents accept their daughter marrying a well-settled Hindu guy?
Why do people change after marriage or after getting a job?
How do closeted men have children with women if they're gay? How do some of them marry women if they have no romantic or sexual feelings for the women?
How can you ignore your husband in an argument?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
Why do people think "Ms." means previously married?
Do you find it humiliating to ask for sex from your wife?
What is the best way to convince modern guys that marriage is useful to them?
Is there a scene in the anime/manga/hiden novels when Kakashi said/implied that he wants to get married?
Did you ever think about marrying your best friend in fear of losing him/her forever?
What should I do? I cannot believe she is asking me to get married.
Whose life is better, a married man's or a bachelor’s?
Do you agree that the police shouldn't accept the cases where the wife petitions for a case in a police station, without an investigation against the husband?
How do I decide whether the person I am meeting for an arranged marriage is the right person for me?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
Can a Gazetted Officer marry a girl of a different religion?
What should I do if the love of my life is going to get married? Her family is quite wealthy and I can't fight them. They have threatened to harm me as well.
What is the marriage rate of developed countries?
Is there an app that can help husbands keep track of their wife's periods, so that we they can make their lives comfortable?
What is a monogamous relationship?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
Is it wrong to reject a guy in an arranged marriage because he had a small penis?
Am 27 year old virgin man from India, Will you marry me?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
Can Indian women marry a girl who earns less than her?
Which is the best for bride groom in marraige?
Why do some Malaysians like to ask "when are you going to be married?"
What should I do? My husband has a chance to move to Guangzhou to develop his business, but I am at Xi’an. His leader told him that he can bring me with.
Should I leave my girlfriend who says she might marry someone else if her parents insist?
How many times have you been divorced?
Can a husband take his wife's caste after marriage?
Is look important for marriage?
My friend is going through a bad marriage. Where can she find an affordable psychologist in Toronto?
If the dowry system stops in India, will women and their families stop expecting high salary guys as their groom?
As part of an arranged marriage proposal, I was talking to the guy for the last 4 months. Only now he tells me he doesn't have any feelings for me. What should I do?
How helpful is swallowing semen for my wife?
Why do wives hold back on sex with their husbands but do have sex with other guys?
Are atheists forced to convert to Islam if they marry a Muslim woman in Singapore and Malaysia?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Is it possible to for a civilian doctor to marry a female army officer?
How do I convince my wife that I'm not cheating if I have before?
Under which circumstances should I intervene if a man hits or threatens his girlfriend or wife in public?
Why do men cheat and lie to their wives? If they want to cheat why don't they just tell their wife or leave?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
Do Muslim girls marry Hindu, Christian, Jews etc.?
How can an Indian man marry a British woman?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
Did you​ happen to marry your school or college sweetheart? Share pics if possible.
Is it rape if someone's mom forces him to have sex with his wife?
What are some questions one should ask themself before they get married?
Are there narcissistic husbands who are responsible providers?
Why would my friend get engaged to be married but not actually get married?
Is extramarital affair on a the given condition is right?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
What was Laci Peterson's husband’s name?
If you were a god, would you be okay with five men gambling their wife (polymorous) in a game of poker?
To young married couples, do you have difficulty being married and working/studying at the same time? How do you balance your married life and studies?
When will an AI replace my husband?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
How can a Lebanese Muslim guy marry his Hindu girlfriend in Dubai?
Why was the mut’a marriage system (temporary marriage) formed?
Is it compulsary to change name on all documents of a Hindu girl after getting converted?
Do Indian parents give an equal education and an equal amount of food to their son and their daughter?
Do majority of Arabs still practicing polygamy?
Why is a Hindu bride made to believe that her husband has a god-like status and hence she should bear him whatever the circumstances?
Can there be a nuptial agreement between couples long after marriage? Are they legally valid when needed?
What is it like to be married to a Japanese man?
Why do some people like to see their wives having sex with others?
Why do female narcissist prefer married men?
How can I marry someone like Spartacus?
What is the best plot twist for a story in which a girl is getting married to the person she doesn't like?
If your father is handsome and your mother is ugly, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
How do I handle marriage pressure from parents?
Does women’s libido remain the same with age or there’s some drastic drop after kids are born and many years of marriage?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
Is marriage really a big deal? Its just two people start living together, like flatmates sharing a room.Why so much planning and money involved?
How can I ask her father for her hand in marriage if he is orthodox?
Can my wife flash the room servant?
Can I read my husband’s texts without him knowing?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
One guy is not interesting in sex with his wife. How can we know if he is impotent?
Can H1B1 spouses work?
Is it bad for single people to give advice to married people and vice-versa?
My age is 24. My parents are forcing me for marriage. But I want to work for 1 year. What can I do?
Does sex after marriage really require more effort, or are people exaggerating?
What do you if your partner, who is 20+ years older dies? How do you cope?
Why is calling your husband by his name considered a taboo by some Indian societies?
Can I marry my grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
Did you ever hit your husband with a frying pan?
Why is it that the richer the man, the more likely he would betray his wife by cheating?
What are Jehova Witness marriage laws when a couple separate?
How do I stand up to my narcissistic MIL when I feel I can't be myself around her?
What is love world in terms of a marriage? I’m curious about what everyone thinks.
How do I deal with my wife if she is wasting my whole salary on shopping?
How can people follow Mohammad when it is claimed in his biography that he married his son's wife and got Aisha pregnant when she was just 9?
Do English people get a pre-marriage contract like in America?
What are some of the questions you've to answer yourself before getting married?
How can I stop my wife from being rude and make her visit my parents occasionally?
What are the legalities surrounding Mail Order Brides and Husbands?
I am getting divorced because I was not aware of the severity of my PCOS before and my husband thinks I deceived him. Do I deserve this?
Does a wife that gets beaten by her husband have the ability to exonerate him?
How do I convince my Hindu boyfriend's parents to marry me? I’m a Muslim.
Should getting a divorce be an easy process? What were your experiences?
How does it feel before marriage?
Can I marry my niece? I have a complicated situation.
Can I marry my paternal grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
Will Rana Daggubati marry a Maharashtrian girl?
Is it illegal to follow your husband to find the girl he is having an affair with? I am from TN, India. He complained to police that I am following him.
How can I prevent my husband from cheating on me and the kids?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
How do you and your spouse see your future together? Are your expectations the same or different?
What is the science behind women changing their surname after marriage?
Do Filipino women date/marry uncircumcised men?
How do I marry a United States girl?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
Why do people give importance to dating or marriage as if one would die without those?
In India, in an interracial marriage, what happens with dowry and wedding expenses?
Why are Indian men pushy about celebrating Diwali at his house post marriage?
Are there any interfaith love marriage stories in India?
What does it feel like when you begin having sex just after you get married?
How do I get a court marriage done in Delhi?
How does marriage work in Poland?
For same-sex couples in conservative countries which do not consider your status as a couple, do you ever feel hopeless in your future?
How does it feel to marry your first cousin whom you never liked nor thought about it in your wildest of dreams?
Is it good to wait for marriage until you're financially free?
I am 20 years old and I completed my graduation. When should I marry my girlfriend?
Do you help your wife with housechores? Does your husband help you with housechores?
Why and in what way do financial hardships cause marriages to fall apart?
Will Pakistanis break the tradition of marrying their own sisters and brothers?
What would be the new talaq and marriage laws under the uniform civil court (in India)?
Is dating married women without doing sexual intercourse comes under adultery in Indian law?
Have you ever caught any wife/husband doing a childish activity?
What qualities are considered by modern Indonesian men when it comes to marriage?
Is it ok to marry an ex who got a divorce after a marriage of 10 days?
Is it normal to obsess over your husband's ex when there is nothing going on between them?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
What will my wife get when we divorce after 3 months of marriage?
Can marriage help to attain enlightenment?
What kinds of gifts are good for grooms and brides?
How do I mention my zodiac preferences for match compatibility in my matrimonial profile (India)?
How do I get over the guilty feeling that I have since I decided to live in a separate house than my parents in same city for my wife?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Is it possible to get genital warts if you have been faithfully married to the same person for 10 years?
My husband gifted me a very beautiful and expensive bra he bought from Australia. It's slightly bigger for me. What can I do to make it fit me?
What exactly is a Jocosta complex? Are there any real life examples of such a fixation?
How should I deal with divorced parents and court?
What do girls want their husband to be like?
How does a King get married?
This 27-year-old married woman named PK secretly hangs out with Ray, a 54-year-old man every day, while her husband is at work. Is PK cheating? Is it wrong for a married woman to do that?
As a PR, can you sponsor your elder brother to Canada even though you are married with a kid?
I’m 24 and my 18-year-old boyfriend wants a child. I have one already, and we want to get married. Should we have one? I think we will be very happy and good.
How can a girl from a low caste convince her high caste boyfriend to get married, with parents’ permission?
What should I do if I find out that my husband is using cocaine?
Do Indian Muslim men support polygamy? If yes, why?
How do marriages promote morals in Islam, when divorces are rampant? Women end up with many husbands and unwanted children and are worse than prostitutes.
What procedure is necessary to get married to a Filipino lady in the Philippines and how long?
How is married life for a female IFS officer?
How do I convince my wife to have sex with me?
Can a Telugu guy marry a Malayali girl?
Would you be willing to forgive your spouse if he/she had sex with another person, though it could be termed accidental?
Why in Islam is marriage a legal contract between two persons, while divorce or triple talaq is a matter of faith and based on religious beliefs?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
How do I get over a divorce from a serial liar?
Why is intercaste marriage so important compared to ideal marriage?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
How do I find a Muslim revert to marry in the USA?
Why are some wives so reluctant towards sex and deny indulging in it very often?
The person with the most influence on a person is their spouse. Why is there not a requirement for POTUS's spouse to also be a natural-born American?
Should I be involved with married women?
Is it possible​ for me to marry​ a Pakistani girl on today's​ date?
Would any housewife allow her husband to be a cross-dresser?
Is it true Shias can temporarily marry their mothers in the tradition of Mutah?
Why would my sister want my husband and me to sleep in separate rooms when we visit her?
Is it weird to have sex with a woman who has kids and a husband?
Is waiting to have sex until marriage a waste of time in life?
Why am I always trying to catch my wife doing me wrong?
What kind of questions should be asked during the first meeting for an arranged marriage?
Can anyone say that it was understandable why they cheated on their spouse?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why would a guy you are casually seeing talk about marrying you?
My boyfriend lets his married friend use his apartment to cheat on his wife. Does that mean he'll cheat on me?
He's been separated for nearly one year and has yet to be divorced. When is it okay to couple up?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
Was it necessary for Robb Stark to marry Talisa when he did? Couldn’t he have just waited and broke the Frey alliance after their victory?
Which is the best dress for an Indian bride?
Is a woman eligible for maintenance and alimony in an ex parte divorce?
How does marrying within one’s own community or within relations differ from marrying one’s own sister or brother?
What do you do when you believe your husband is cheating?
My husband doesn't like my family to come home. What should I do now?
What are the consequences of one who witnesses a court marriage in India?
What would you do? I found out that my husband lied directly to my face about going off to photograph nude models.
How do I pick someone on matrimonial sites when there are so many of them?
Would a county clerk be committing an ethical breach by issuing a marriage license to an of-age person who didn't appear to be of sound mind?
Can a Karnataka guy marry a Bengali girl?
I am in my early sixties, and relocated after divorcing my abusive husband. I feel broken and weary. How do I pick myself up? What did you do?
Do Indian girls reject boys older than than 30 years old for arranged marriages more than younger ones?
What are the remedies for an incompatible marriage, astrologically?
What is the right of a wife to a husband's property?
Why didn’t my narcissistic husband want to make love to me?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
Should I marry this 40-year-old colleague of mine? He is perfect for me. I took a lot of time to decide that. The only concern is age. I am 26 years old.
Can a Japanese empress marry a European royal and remain her position in Japan?
What does it say in Islam about sex before marriage?
How do I find out if my wife is cheating on me on her phone?
Can I have two wives?
Should one inform a person of their spouse's infidelity?
Can you ask for a marriage annulment instead of a divorce in California?
What is the best way to catch my wife cheating?
Why do celebrities marriages work?
How many girls’ parents had health issues when their daughter married a Muslim guy in India?
How do I explain to my wife that I do not want my kids to attend church until they are able to make up their own mind?
Why can the Chief Rabbinical Court in Israel still have jurisdiction over civil-married Jewish couples on their divorce? What is the jurisprudence?
How should I ask a woman to adjust her habits post-marriage?
Which man should I marry: the one I love or the one who loves me?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
How do the women in a polygamous type of marriage feel?
Does the Matsya Purana authorise a husband to beat his erring wife with a rope or split bamboo?
What are the pros and cons of a 23-year-old woman marrying a 38-year-old man?
What is the divorce law in Australia? Who does get the assets?
Why do married men feel regret about their marriage?
Are there any special benefits if HCL employees married each other?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
What is it like seeing your wife naked for the first time?
How do I get my husband to sleep in the same room with me?
How long does it take for Indian men and women to convince their parents and let them get married? Has anyone experienced 10 years or more?
My 33 year old son doesn't want to get married or have kids because he has high myopia (-5). What should I do as an Indian mom?
How can an Indian boy on a tourist visa marry a Polish girl in Poland?
Why are women not against alimony?
What are the signs if a Muslim guy/boy/man is married or has already had a wife?
What is the online marriage procedure in Pakistan?
If a married person pretends he’s not married and dated a girl, what is the provision in our law against such cases?
Is it possible to guarantee your wife does not get a previously owned house after a divorce other than a pre-nup (California)?
What is the best way to look up marriage records?
Where is Arya Samaj in Kozhikode, Kerala? Is a marriage certificate from there valid?
My husband always puts his parents and young brother and sister before me and his 2 children. What should I do?
What was Patton Oswalt's tweet about his wife and his daughter's resemblance?
What kind of arguments would come from an Unhealthy entp married to an unhealthy istj?
Can someone who had multiple relations in the past be a good wife?
What are the ways to find a husband who is imperfectly perfect for someone?
Are the horoscopes of the bride-to be and the groom-to-be matched among Muslims of India?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
How is marriage helpful in a country’s development?
My sister has been married for 3 years and still has no kids, why is this, I feel so bad for her?
How do I know when it’s time for a divorce?
What is the darkest secret of your married life?
Have you hidden anything from your husband?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
Why do women lose interest in sex after marriage?
How do you regard your marriage?
Is it healthy to be in a relationship or get married to someone with the same age?
What would it be like if I got married to my mother's niece? Are there any negative effects?
What if my brother filed a divorce case against her wife? We are fed up of her cruelty. What kind of proofs should we collect?
What is life like being married to an engineer?
What if your boyfriend rejects to marry you because you can't become a mother?
As a woman, what qualities do you need to be present in your husband?
Why don’t some Indians want to get married?
Should I get a divorce because my wife hates to have sex with me? It makes me feel awful about myself.
Why is infidelity so common? What do we expect from our partners?
How do I advise my son about an international marriage from an older girl?
Should I turn to religion if I am unable to get married?
What do you mean by the divorce which is held by mutual understanding in India?
What is the best way to track your wife with out her knowing?
My husband have 5 girls with his previous wife and I have 1 girl from my previous marriage. Is it possible for us to have a son?
Is it ok for a groom to call his father-in-law as father?
What will be better in the long run: appeasement of parents and agreeing to marriage based on caste or a love marriage against family wishes?
Are introverts fit for marriage?
How can I meet a Kashmiri girl for mut’ah marriage during a Kashmir vacation?
Why does my husband insist on sex through my mouth only?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
What was it like divorcing with kids?
Should I marry a person who had sex with multiple partners?
When will the Indian society accept that it is okay for a person to not get married?
How do you know if your wife is faithful or not?
Is waiting for one’s own arranged marriage a kind of disability? Is it right to ask someone to find someone for me?
What are the most funniest moments you had while the boys family came to your house for marriage proposal?
Are zodiac signs important in marriage?
Why does my husband always seem to take my feelings and make them about his?
If marrying more than one woman is forbidden in the West, could you have children with several mistresses all while living in one house?
John Doe is buying a new home and has been separated from his ex-wife for two years now. John Doe has separate income taxes. Can his ex-wife come after his new home?
Is órfi marriage legal in UAE? Does Ali AlShamsi know?
Can the Menon and Ghosh cast get married?
What should I do if I have a wife, who gets angry for some small issue, and persuading her is super hard and ends like a revengeful event?
If a Christian woman wants to marry a Tunisian male in Tunisia, would the woman have to convert to Islam?
Are marriages without a proper courtship period doomed to fail?
Do you think you should wait to get married until you have a steady income?
Does a Muslim girl stand a chance of marrying a Korean guy?
Will you marry an idiot if he is rich?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
What happens when a person’s behavior changes from normal before marriage, to abnormal after marriage, and the person sees everyone in a negative light? Why is this?
After marriage, my husband has had a relationship with her. What should I do?
What will happen if a divorce case in India results in a stalemate?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
What is child marriage called?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
Is it true that in India a man still cannot marry outside his caste without being a disgrace to his whole family?
Is it ok to continue casual sex with my brother in law even after his engagement, without affecting his marriage or personal life?
What kind of a husband should we think of?
What experiences have people had where they were rejected by girls for love/marriage despite being ruthlessly honest with them?
Is it wrong for a person to desire that his future wife looks pretty?
If you are married, what is the longest you have gone without sex?
Is there an essay that talks about the theme of ''love and marriage'' in the world?
How many of us married a spouse we never loved?
Can I marry an orphan girl in Delhi?
Am I a messed up person for thinking about seeing other women because my wife denies me sex when she's tired?
How do you know if you're being cheated on by your spouse?
If you are a girl who got married and had a kid, is your kid more important to you or your husband?
How did you know it was time to get engaged?
Shall I marry a feminist?
When will gay marriage be legalized in Indonesia?
She was everything I had. We were in a long term relationship and on the verge of marriage. Now we are not together. How do I deal with this?
How can I know the history of my husband’s account?
How many of you are stuck in a bad marriage and what is your story?
Are there any married couples with same Gothra having healthy kids or with genetic defects?
Do you think you should pay off your financial debts before you marry or shoulder them with your spouse?
Can a wife without any children even after 9 years of marriage claim maintenance from her husband?
Why do girls get married at the age of 16 years old in old movies?
What is the average age for a Muslim girl to get married in India?
What if a marriage is in the 6th house with Venus and the Sun in the Taurus sign? Would the marriage happen or no?
How can I let go of my personal insecurities to help improve my marriage?
What was the age of Sitaji when she was married?
Why isn't my beautiful wife good enough for me?
Is it normal to not like your mother-in-law at all?
Can I marry an army officer when I was a doctor?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
Can a person who got married in India and divorced in the US marry again in the US (to an Indian) and file for her dependent visa in India?
Is it okay to have sex before marriage in Pakistan?
Why is marriage a necessity in India?
What were the changes that marriage brought by?
If you are a man, would you marry a superwoman?
Is Vivekananda married?
Are Indian brothers okay with their sisters having physical relations with boyfriends before marriage? How do you feel? You may go anonymous and ans.
Can a non-Christian guy marry a Christian girl in India?
How is the conversation between a guy and a girl, who are meeting for the first time, for an arrange marriage?
How is the life of a Indian navy officer’s wife whose husband is a Lieutenant?
What's it like to be a second wife, in secret?
How can my spouse accompany me to Canada after we are married?
Does the divorce law in Bangladesh need improvement?
Do conservative Christians have sex before marriage?
What percentage of married women would be open to a hot wife/cuckold relationship? Do you have any thoughts?
What are 3 pieces of advice I'll need when I get married?
Is earning a 15 lac CTC at the age of 35 sufficient in Delhi-NCR? I am married and have one son. I personally feel it's much less.
Which is the best online Tamil marriage match site?
How do you handle finances in your marriage?
What should I do with my husband when he suggests that I sell myself for sex to make some quick money?
Why is it so hard to communicate with my husband?
Is sex important in a marriage?
Is it required for ladies to get their names changed (gazette) after marriage and during a fresh passport application?
Should I say yes to an arranged marriage with a guy who earns half of what I earn?
What is it like to be married to a scientist?
What are some examples of mistakes girls have made throughout their marriage, starting from the beginning (related to their partner, in laws & parents)?
Do divorced couples remember Mother's Day if they have children together?
Who cheats or lies more after marriage, a husband or a wife?
Did marriage clear all my doubts?
How can I spend time with my wife in Andaman?
Will intelligent women ever be taken professionally serious when the beautiful among them keep marrying wealthy men into a life of leisure?
Why did my girlfriend leave me after my marriage?
Was Radha happy after her marriage?
What does an officer at USCIS know, or can find out, about you before a marriage interview?
Is it better to go to an attorney when getting or divorce or should you try to work out a oral agreement? Can you trust the other party?
What is the trending fashion in marriage?
Why is sex a big issue in India? People say, "You should not lose your virginity before marriage." Is that a myth?
What things should you discuss with your to-be partner before marriage?
Why do mothers change their perspective towards their married son?
Are men in industrialized cultures really as much manipulated by women as suggested by Esther Vilar in her book "The Manipulated Man"?
In India, what legal ways can a husband use to handle a criminal wife?
Is it realistic for me to desire marrying a very intelligent man if I'm not overly intelligent myself? I find it so attractive and I want to learn.
Am I allowed to have a lot of sex with my wife when I get married according to the Bhagavad Gita?
What will you do if your prospective wife cheats and lie a lot under the protection of some her family and friends?
Why is a “no reply” email account sending me mails relating to a matrimonial site?
Is it as lonely as people say to never get married or even date people?
If you are the husband/wife of a psychologist or any professional whose work is related to psychology, what is your life like?
Why don’t some marriages last?
How often do older couples have sex?
Would you answer this question if your husband asked: "which of your male friends qualifies to be your husband if we hadn't met?”
When did you say OK to your parents to start looking for marriage proposals?
Why are extramarital affairs on the rise in India?
In India, can we marry another woman whose divorce case is still pending?
Why do married men get attracted to married women?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Is someone 21 years, 7 months old eligible to register a marriage?
What dowry should a 28-year-old north Indian Brahmin boy demand from the prospective bride?
What are your and your spouse's occupations, and are they important to your marriage?
Should I convert from Catholicism to Islam in order to marry my Muslim boyfriend so we could have better rights in the UAE and Middle East?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
Is it ok to marry a person who is having a hole in the heart?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
How do I check Life 360 to see if my husband is faking his location?
What do you do if your boyfriend begs you to be his wife at the age of 25?
How did Ali Alshamsi meet his wife?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a handjob?
How do you know if it's the end of your marriage, or you're just going through a rough patch?
How can I marry a doctor?
Would you accept it if your spouse had sex with another person, albeit accidentally?
What are Indian girls looking for these days in initial check for arranged marriage (Delhi)?
Married people of Quora, your spouse turns into a duck. How do you make your marriage succeed?
Richard I's sister marrying Saladin's brother was discussed during the 3rd Crusade negotiations. What might have happened had they gone through with it?
Why do Christians who use the religious sanctity of marriage argument against gay marriage think heterosexual civil marriage marriage is okay?
What do you think about love marriage and arranged marriage?
My father had an extra marital affair with his friend’s wife who is now a widow. My mother passed away from a prolonged health ailment. Is there a legal remedy for me?
Are spinsters (childless women who have never married) the minority?
Why do most brides sell their wedding gowns after marriage?
Why can’t an unmarried man marry a girl who is a divorcee?
Can Priyanka Chopra marry a poor person like me?
Should I give myself a break if I have plans to get married?
What is the meaning of “It's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
If you're married to this man, and he's never introduced you to his family, yet his ex talks to the family members, should you feel safe in the marriage?
What are some difficult situations you've dealt with married to a US Marine?
Do couples have to undergo a minimum number of marriage counselling sessions before divorce is granted?
What is the most challenging issue in marrying an average Japanese girl regardless of language barrier?
How does a girl see the wedding night before expreriencing it? How about after? What does she actually want?
What would be a core and logical point to consider for a husband or a wife before taking a decision to divorce or separate after their 25 years of marital life?
How do you win back the custody of your kids when your spouse has moved to another country with the kids?
How many Indian men would be ready to marry a divorcee with a kid?
What are the hurdles in an inter-caste marriage, in India, among Hindus, now in 2017?
Were marriage solemnization laws stricter at one time that the officiant had to be either a religious leader (priest/minister/rabbi) or a judge?
How should I get out of a marriage that was based on fraud? I married my husband to get over my ex.
If someone were to marry conjoined twins, would it be considered polygamy?
Does Pakistan follow triple talak (Muslim men can divorce their wives by saying divorce 3 times)?
Can I get married and do a separate filing secretly without my parents finding out? My dad handles my taxes, so would he notice anything?
How often do most married couples in their 20s have sex, and how frequently should they to keep both parties happy?
How do you do when your wife always complain about your low salary and weak ability?
Is the King of Norway affected by the Royal Marriages Act of 1772?
What do we call a man whose wife is alive in Hindi?
Why did Ned's sister have to marry a Targaryen?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
How do we know about an unknown person’s married status?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
How long were you with your partner before you decided to get married?
Where can you find a man that actually wants to get married and be a father?
When will I get married? My self Krishna dob: - 25-02-1993,11:31pm,Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
Would you marry someone who has a lower salary than you?
Can a Hindu marry his mother's father's sister's daughter's daughter?
How can a Jew and Catholic wed if neither faith allows interfaith marriages?
Do I need to get a hair transplant done just for an arranged marriage?
Why aren't people monogamous?
What is the proper procedure for obtaining a marriage certificate in Pune?
Are Indians overly obsessed with marriage?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
Why is a manglik bride interested in a manglik groom ?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
I found my husband on the sex dating site JustBangMe. He said he was just curious if anyone would reply. Is he telling the truth?
Does an Indian woman have the right to leave her husband on the grounds of mental abuse, which she has no proof of?
Is ghost marriage real?
What predictions can be made about my marriage and career?
When a promiscuous woman is caught cheating, why does she start blaming her lover for the affair in front of her husband?
How do I control temper?
What do you do when your husband always thinks that you're lying?
How can someone not realise their partner's abusive & controlling nature before marriage?
How do I make my husband understand that his parents are playing an evil drama to separate both of us?
Are parents always right when saying that their daughter should get married after age 25?
What are some bad examples of failed love marriage in India, and why?
Is it right to get a divorce? Won't it affect others?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
How did you cope as a teenager when you found out your mother might be having an extramarital affair?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
Why do siblings change after marriage?
I feel as though I will never get married because of who I am. So, my question is what is the best way to embrace a life of loneliness?
Marriage
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
Why are marriages between cousins allowed in Islam?
Why do girls demand higher salary expectations from groom?
How often do you contemplate your future wife/husband?
What should I say to a guy who wants me to be his girlfriend when he is about to get married in a couple of weeks?
Will Hindu society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
Can a marriage be enjoyed without sexual intercourse?
Should I quit my PhD to marry?
What does it mean if your husband cannot tell you how he feels about you?
How long should I wait before trying to date the man I am interested in? His wife left him in February.
How can I get a divorce without giving my wife a cent when there are no kids involved?
How do I handle finding out that my husband slanders me on online forums yet acts so nice when he's with me in person?
Are men in India willing to date/marry a single mom?
Will a girl on Quora marry a boy who don't speak English?
In India, do arranged married couples have sex on their honeymoon?
Is it normal for a young (24) married man to want to have sex with other women?
How can a wife get away from an abusive husband?
What do Indian guys expect from their future wife?
Do you regret your marriage?
In a hypothetical situation, if Kejriwal and Mamata got married, what would be the situation in India?
Why did you want to marry a person from a different country, or even different continent?
What is the best word that a husband can tell to his wife?
What percentage of Muslim men have multiple wives?
What are the boundaries people should know about each other when they are in relationship or married?
What is the difference between an Indian husband and that of western husbands?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
What's are the differences among a civil union, domestic partnership, and a marriage?
How do Americans see divorce?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
What is the point of wedding jumpsuits?
How did Antoine Lavoisier’s wife contribute to his success?
If Muslims can marry and have love affairs with their cousins, then how come Behn****d is a cuss word among Pakistanis?
What is the best UK site for horny wives?
How long does it take to get the reissue of a marriage certificate done for the permanent visa purpose?
What should I do if my mother-in-law treats me disrespectfully (and my husband doesn't believe me)?
Why is it wrong to have intercourse with another man's wife?
Did you find the love of your life on a matrimonial site?
What is some good advice for a newly-married girl regarding sex?
Do Jews have a problem with Esther marrying a gentile? If not, why not?
Will any girl marry a boy having Cerebral Palsy and not able to walk properly?
What factors should one consider before the marriage of a daughter?
What is a husband who hasn't had a child with a woman suppose to do on Mother's Day if she has a grown child?
What are the pros and cons of no sex before marriage?
Are same-sex couples discriminated against in green card marriage applications and interviews?
Would a mainstream Muslim woman want to marry me when I am a Gulenist Muslim man?
Do Chinese men still prefer to marry virgins?
Life after a divorce needs encouraging ideas. What are they?
Do you think I can get well-protected eyes to help spy on my wife?
What will life be like after marriage?
When it comes to arranged marriages, is it fine to hide information about their past relationships, physical relations, and virginity and about their past before the marriage?
Did Aamir Khan use triple talaq when he divorced his first wife, Reena?
How did you survive a divorce?
How do I live up to my full potential without causing my spouse to feel inferior?
How will be my career and married life (DOB: 10 Jan 93, 12:35 p.m, Calcutta)?
Don't you think Indian wives are more devoted to their husbands as compare to the devotion of husband towards his wife?
What does Islam say about pre-marital sex with one's spouse? What's the punishment prescribed for it?
Is the best thing to do to divorce your spouse if you are living separate lives?
Is it alright to expect my husband to share his passwords with me? I have told him all of mine.
Which is the best site to check GSB divorcee brides?
Supporting your husband’s crossdressing when he goes out to a TG night club, what can happen?
Would you answer if your husband asks you "which of your male friends would you marry if we hadn't met"?
What does an Indian girl want from her husband?
How can I get back the stridhan if husband and inlaws Deny?
How do I make my wife happy if she lives in another state?
Are women really attracted to their husbands after marriage?
Can you keep your SSDI when you get married?
Are you an old husband married to a young wife?
What is a good idea for a 7 years of marriage gift?
Will a narcissistic/psychopathic ex husband ruin any future relationships I try to have?
My wife's priority is having kids rather than caring about her own future. What should I do?
Why did Shivagami marry Bijjaldeva?
Would the people in the west like to practice horoscope matching for increasing the success rate of marriage?
How likely would you be to cheat on your spouse?
My wife eloped with her boyfriend taking our son. Now she is filing divorce. What should I do to get her back. Any Indian law regarding this?
Do you tell your husband when you have an orgasm?
Can a Sayed marry a non-Muslim?
What are the best ways for a husband and wife, with decades of experience, to secure financing for a hotel purchase?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Do you believe in the sanctity of marriage?
What can I do to let my husband know that I will change for the better?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
How do you deal with someone who doesn't seem to have a heart in a relationship?
Can you suggest a plot twist for a story in which a girl is marrying a boy she doesn't want to marry?
What is the law in the Indian Constitution for divorce?
Am I a selfish man if I divorce my wife because she is not interested in sex at all?
What are your thoughts on the ages of girls being allowed to marry as per the Child Marriage Act?
Why do the people of India think sex is a big deal, not allowing sex before marriage?
Why does an extramarital affair happen after marriage?
Should a girl tell a boy before they get married that she can’t be a mother or should she let time decide?
If a heterosexual married couple does not want to have kids, can they still have a healthy and happy sex life?
After 13 years of marriage, and with 3 children, is it the right decision to ask for a divorce because of a lack of understanding with your spouse?
What is the best gift I can get for my wife?
How is life being married to a German man, as a black woman?
Is Prabhas going to marry Anushka Shetty?
What questions should I be asking my future wife?
Why can’t a man live without his family?
Would you marry a transsexual woman?
How much does hiring a detective for pre-marriage investigation costs?
What's the best way to deal with in-laws interference that is spoiling one's married life?
What will happen to a marriage if the UCC is adopted?
What is the most unrewarding chore that one does for their spouse?
What are common problems men face with their wives after marriage?
Why do Hindu girls hate Hindu boys?
Is a SC certificate valid after marriage?
What are all the documents in India where the post-marriage spouse name should be included?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
If you are a child born out of an arranged marriage scenario in India, are your parents happily married or stay together in an abusive marriage?
If I get married to a US citizen, can I travel outside of the US if my i-130 and i-485 are pending?
I am a resident of Delhi and got married on 3rd May 2017; we are now about to register the marriage. What is the procedure for a name change?
What is the deep meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Why does a roll for sleep in a bedroom have another name, which is 'Dutch wife'?
What are the perks of marrying a village girl?
Can one get married in The Palace of Versailles?
Can you justify an affair because your husband has prostate issues and is impotent?
Is a marriage where one partner believes that the other partner is completely at fault, salvageable?
What are your predictions about career and marriage for a male born on 20 November 1988 at 8:45 PM at Mandla (Madhya Pradesh)?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian girls to lead a good married life?
How do I marry an inter-caste girl?
Why are 36 year old, unmarried females with kids still single and not married?
What are your views of arranged-marriage culture in India?
How do the children of a broken marriage perceive life?
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
How can we get a good spouse?
Can a court make someone pay spousal support if a prenuptial agreement explicitly does not allow it?
As a feminist Indian women, can you elaborate on your experience in dating Indian men or meeting prospective grooms for an arranged marriage?
What's the worst that can happen in India if I ask my wife to sign a prenup before marriage?
In some communities, are gay or lesbian people forced into relationships/marriages?
If you're a married person, is hugging someone other than your spouse or family taboo?
How do I handle a domineering wife?
Can I have a boyfriend while I’m waiting for my divorce?
Have you ever thought you should have married your spouse’s sibling instead?
Is a Canadian student visa better for a single person or a married person?
Why do men even get married when they can't be satisfied and they can't stay faithful?
How long do you talk to a girl before getting married in the Indian arranged marriage system?
Why do so many young boys think confession is how you get a girlfriend?
One of the banquets and conventions center guys asked me for a 15% service tax. Is this right for a marriage?
What problems did you have with your partner after having kids?
Henry is famous for killing wives, but, also, for what else?
What is the longest time you have ever gone without sexual intercourse with your spouse?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
How did divorce affect you? How do you look back at your previous marriage and ex-spouse?
How do you rebuild trust in a marriage relationship after it has been broken?
How should I tell my parents that I'm not ready to get married?
How should I deal with a narcissistic husband?
If asked today, would your spouse say he or she feels your love and acceptance? Why or why not?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
To what extent will a narcissist go to punish the spouse while going through a messy divorce?
How does it feel to be divorced at 40?
How should I ask my future wife for sex?
How does it feel to marry your teacher?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
My 1st husband just told me that he cheated on me with several women during our marriage. I am hurt. What can I say to him to make him feel bad?
Should an unsuccessful person marry, a person who has failed to chase his dreams?
How did you convince your parents to let you marry your love?
What should you do when your spouse says "what a waste of 30 years, being ​with you"?
Is a Hindu divorce in the village valid in court?
Is it wrong to not accompany my wife to her dad's house for a visit? I have to get up at 2am for work and she wants to go to her dad's at 7pm.
What visa does a Sri Lankan citizen need to apply for to be able to marry or study in India?
Will I ever get a new wife in the future?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
How much I need to pay to become a bride in BBB with Sabyasachi?
How many marriages can a Muslim have? Is he allowed to have four wives?
What should you do if your friend's marriage is falling apart and they decided to cheat on their partner and you don't really know their partner?
Who would you marry, a super rich businessman or a diplomat?
Why should I stay alone & not get married?
Being married man/woman, if you enconter your husband/wife with his/her ex confessing true love, what would be your next step?
How can marriages last when the spouse has a temper?
What's the best method of letting go of the idea of marrying only a certain type of race, gender, and look?
Is it okay to have an age difference of 10 years with your husband?
Why is my wife self exploitative and what should I do?
Why didn't Bhalal Dev get married in Bahubali 2?
Why do older Indian/Asian husbands walk so far ahead of their wives down the street?
What is it like to marry a rationalist? I am an extremely emotional person.
How do you judge if a man is really interested in getting married if you are looking for an arranged marriage?
In how much time a guy can be sure if he wants to marry the girl. The girl does not have much time as in age, so is looking for options?
How would you know if the one you are dating is going to be your future spouse?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
Many metaphors in poems of Li Bai, physical transformation, dream state, arranged marriage, royal military procession. Which one resonates with you?
I live in a joint family and I hate my mother-in-law. Shall I divorce my husband and get free from her?
What do I do if my wife is lazy in bed?
How do I convince a girl's parents for marriage when our horoscope don't match?
What was your parents’ reaction when you told them that you have a girlfriend that you want to marry?
As a Hindu, I want to marry for a second time without divorcing my first wife. Is converting to Islam for namesake the only recourse for me?
When is a marriage not a marriage (considering the sex, sacrament and contract in a Hindu marriage)?
How does it feel when you see the woman of the house go to work whereas the man does housework?
Do men prefer working wives nowadays?
Is forced incestuous arranged marriage in India legal?
What are mature married women thinking about while masturbating?
Why would have Sivagami married BijjalDeva?
How does a boyfriend or husband feel about their menstruating partner?
What's it feel like to be divorced from your wife? Do you two still talk to each other?
How do married friends date?
Why is it so common for U.S. Americans to get married several times?
Why does a husband stay angry at wife when he is the one who hurts her?
Do wealthy married couples really need life insurance when their net worth exceeds $5m and half of it is in liquid assets?
How does a lover change after marriage?
Should my wife refuse to share her dress with a new friend who has asked her for it?
Why is my husband abusing me every day?
What are some useful books to get advice on interracial marriages?
How do you end a 30 yr marriage before you start hating each other?
Why do some Indian women choose to come on an H4 visa after getting married?
Does someone have to get divorced in the same country where they got married?
Why do girls let themselves get pregnant without being married?
My brother in law fucks me almost daily. Should I tell this to a friend who is interested in marrying him?
As for a woman, when is the best time to get married and have a kid?
Have you lost a spouse or significant other to an interoffice romance?
Would Gordon Miller marry Ali Al Shamsi?
What's your divorce story?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
In an arranged marriage, how can the man understand the woman in 5-to-10 minutes? What is even the same question for the woman?
I plan to get a cat. What are the important things to know before getting one?
Why has my narcissist husband gone no contact with me?
What does it mean when a guy asks you when are you going to get married?
What are the best ways for a South Indian guy to get an arranged marriage without parental support?
Do you think Indonesian people ready to hear that a woman don't want to get married for the rest of her life?
Are there any experienced divorce attorney in Utah who can handle the divorce case professionally?
Is it wrong to marry someone’s husband?
Is there is secret behind marriage?
Does pickle decrease love between spouses?
Is it good to wait for marriage until you're financially capable?
Is monogamy a weakness? Will polyamory be the future?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
Why would a man lie to his friends about who asked for your divorce?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Why do people still divorce when they have lived together for a long time before they got married?
How do I convenience my parents to agree to a love marriage for me?
How common is it for a married couple to be completely celibate?
What if your parents are on the verge of divorce and you have your exams going on? I can’t focus and I get stressed all the time, even over minor stuff.
Can maintenance be more than what was earned during the marriage?
Are unmarried girls ready to marry young divorced men without kids?
Why don’t Indians think about making women self-dependent and treating them equally to sons at birth instead of thinking in terms of reducing them to maintenance or wives?
Is it okay to ask your spouse for a sexual relationship in your marriage?
If a husband smacks the fear of God into his wife, does that show love or respect for her?
What site can one get rich guys to marry?
Why sleeping with someone's wife so cool?
I'm 29 years old and have been married for 4.5 years. What should our net worth be at this point in life?
Is it okay if there is a 12 year age difference between a husband and his wife?
My last relationship ended a year ago. We were engaged and supposed to be married this month. Why do I still feel emotionally numb?
Will the Roman Catholic Church allow a marriage between a Christian guy and a Hindu girl without any conversion?
What are women's experiences of sex outside of marriage?
If you had to marry a celebrity who was the opposite of the gender you’re normally attracted to, who would you pick?
If a scheduled caste girl gets married into a Brahmin family, will her family get reservations in the future?
Can a stable society exist where every man is a king and his vassals are his fists?
How should a husband handle a wife who is too stingy while earning equal salaries?
My husband wants myself and our daughter to stay away from him for the sake of making money. Is that a right attitude?
What can we do to maintain attraction even after marriage?
What are the truths hidden from your husband?
Is child marriage illegal in India?
Fellow women, at what age did you accept that you likely were never going to become famous or marry the celebrity crush of your teenage years?
Why is it said that it's a husband's duty to feed his wife and protect her? Why never the other way? Are husband's just worker bees and bodyguards?
Can I marry my maternal aunt's sister while being in a Hindu family?
How can you convince the groom's family it's not fair to ask for a dowry?
What should I do so that my wife will trust me?
What happened when you left your husband all alone at home to go to your native place, especially if he doesn't know how to prepare food?
To what extent do Chinese Indonesians practice arranged/contract/forced marriage at the present time?
How is the life of a female IAS after marriage? Is it difficult to manage between family and the duties of being an IAS?
What is the budget for a middle class family to marry a girl child?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
I have specific sexual needs that my wife can't fulfill, what do I do?
Me and my wife are unhappy with each other for 90% time. Shd we consult a psychologist or a marriage counsellor?
Have you ever been harrassed or threatened by your wife with false cases?
In the US, people say some gay men hide their orientations and get married to women. How is that even possible?
Is it fine to marry a girl who has been in a relationship with nearly 3 to 4 boys?
Should I tell my wife's parents to stop fat-shaming my wife?
How do I talk to my future wife about how much sex I want?
In a divorce does it matter who asks for the settlement first?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
If a married woman (with two daughters age 20 around) wants to have sex with me (single, 23), what should I do?
Can a Catholic and a Protestant get married, and are there any terms?
What should the behaviour of an individual be after marriage?
How do I open up and tell my husband that I am a bisexual and I like girls? I live in India.
It is okay to make out with some who is going to marry you?
What are the ugly truths about looking for a bride in Tamil matrimonial websites?
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
My husband of 28 years has left the house to his children from a previous marriage. How is this possible?
My wife and I went through divorces almost ten years ago and are finally above water. Can you give me some advice on purchasing our first home?
What is more logical: 1. marriage based on astrology, or 2. marriage based on genetics (eugenics)?
What is the proper way for a Jewish divorce to be handled when there are kids involved?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Which psychological and physical issues do young brides have? How can we stop this nonsense practice of 'child marriage' around the world?
Was Vivekanandha married?
Are Chinese guys willing to get married with girls who are not virgin?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
Are you single or married? Why?
When did you realize your relationship was over and how did you feel?
Will society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
If your father is attractive and your mother is not so, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful, would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
Instead of sex, my husband likes me to put my foot in his groin and play with his genitals to get him off. Is this normal?
Why was Mohammed poor? Wouldn't he have inherited his first wife's wealth?
What's you and your spouses story?
Is it necessary to carry on with a loveless, selfish marriage for your parents’ sake or for society’s sake?
Can mothers explain how difficult it was between you and your husband during the first year or two of your baby?
My partner and I have Mangal Dosha with the same rashi and the same star. Can we get married?
How can I marry an American?
Why do some girls feel like their in-laws are a burden to them? Why do they want to detach their husbands from their parents?
Why are Brahmin-Muslim marriages so common?
What is the best song for my sister who is getting married?
What is the best option for a husband? The couple is highly incompatible and has kids aged 10 and 6. The wife is a good mother.
Does any boy regret his arranged marriage?
What's it like to be a bisexual woman from India who's already married to a man, but who still has feelings for another woman?
Why can't we have laws preventing some parents from divorce?
If a husband & wife have sexual relations every day, does this cause any problem for the man or woman?
What should be the perfect gap between engagement and marriage?
What are good questions for married couples to their spouse on date night?
Is divorce a good option if they are living separate lives?
I caught my wife crying alone and she wouldn't tell me the reason. Could she be under depression?
How do you plan to move to another country or state if you're married with kids and don't have a job there?
How do I deal with demanding siblings of my spouse?
How do I get married to an American girl?
As a woman, would you still stay with your boyfriend/husband if he got hit with a sexual harassment lawsuit at work? Explain such a decision.
Is it okay for a younger woman to marry an older man?
Should you tell the wife of a cheater if it’s been going on for years?
How do I identify a Cheating married man lover?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
How do you rebuild trust in a marriage after infidelity?
I live in Arizona and am getting divorced. I own a house on my own, my wife’s name is not on it. Can she get any of my equity in the house?
Why did I check out of life after my divorce and losing my children, while others are able to move forward after such losses?
What would happen if I marry again without divorcing my husband first?
How can I convince my wife to get a mutual divorce?
Can I marry my aunt's, sister's daughter?
What actually happens during wedding night in the Muslim tradition?
Is having a narcissist as a girlfriend different from having her as a wife?
What are the signs that your wife is manipulating you?
What should be done if there are ego clashes between in laws and parents in case of arrange marriage by the bride when no one seem to compromise?
Is it a good idea to marry at 30?
Will the US be so sexually permissive someday that porn will be 1950s married couples sleeping in separate beds?
Is a prenup agreement the only solution for Indian males?
How do I get my husband to stop verbal/emotionally abusing me?
Is it important to have sex before marriage?
Is it difficult to find a modern virgin girl for marriage these days in India?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
Can a wife deserting her husband without divorcing him claim his property? Or can his son claim it?
Did the wives of the Shia Imams practice temporary marriage called Muta?
How do men of India compromise after marriage?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
Is there any chance to marry a Muslim girl after clearing IAS or IPS?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
What challenges could I face in India if I decide to never get married?
If a girl or her parents expect a "high earning", "well settled" groom, then how exactly is dowry wrong?
What would your reaction be to your son/daughter wanting to marry soon after high school?
Is it ok for a man to marry a woman 12 years older than him?
Would you rather marry 5 times or never marry at all?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Can a B positive boy marry a B negative girl? Will they be a good couple or have any problems during pregnancy?
What are your predictions about a career and marriage for a male born on 9th August, 1990, at 18:48 in Varanasi (U.P.), India?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
What is the average number of sex partners in the U.K before getting married?
Is it ok for the Indian Society if my daughter, my husband, and me have different surnames?
How do you live out your Christian faith when you are married to a spouse who shows narcissistic characteristics?
If sex before marriage is a sin in Islam, how do single men and women find each other?
How can I strongly and willingly get out of a co dependent marriage?
Are love marriages lust marriages?
My wife gets highly offended when I ask. Is it normal to want some personal time in a marriage for hobbies or alone time (3-4 hours a week)?
What documentation changes will marriage under the Hindu Marriages Act, 1955 make, in context of an Aadhar card, PAN card, etc.?
Can a Muslim marry a Jew? Does the Israeli government allow that kind of marriage?
What are the things that an Indian man should stand up for before he decides to marry?
How can I live after the untimely demise of my spouse?
If a woman is caught cheating on her husband, is it possible for the husband to trust her in the future?
Why is it my fault that my husband beats me then says sorry, cries, etc.? Is this guilt for his affairs?
What happens when a woman with bipolar does not reveal it to her husband?
Is it inappropiate for a married man to be messaging a single girl at 5 am on a private messenger, opening the conversation with "Hello, babydoll"?
When and how do I tell my husband I'm pregnant?
How can you be sure the one you are going to marry is the one?
What makes you think that you are eligible to answer anything related to love, sex, relationships and marriage?
Is being a divorcee becoming a statement in India?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
How could one select the right person as a spouse through the arranged marriage system?
What kind of problems do Indian Army wives face, raising their children alone while their husbands are deployed?
Why do the so-called modern India's parents still hesitate when their daughters say that they don't want to get married atleast until 30?
Is a marriage really over if the husband is a roaming sex addict?
How do husbands remain faithful to their wives?
Is it a good idea to marry a pathologically jealous partner?
What are the current statistics on divorce?
I told my boyfriend I wanted to marry him and he immediately said he was going to sleep. What do I do?
How do you get out of the constant feeling that you married the wrong person?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Can I marry in one city and do marriage registration in another city in India?
Is it a wise decision to travel, leave my country forever, to find love, get married and have a sweet baby?
Are there any cons to not getting married? I would like to hear from an elderly person who didn't get married.
When will Sara marry Harshvardhan Kapoor?
How can you renew love between couples who have been married for a year and feel there is a gap between them?
Is sex the most important aspect of marriage?
What should a lonely wife do when a husband doesn't want affection or intimacy and thinks emotions are useless?
What was most challenging about combining finances with your significant other (when you married, moved in, etc.)?
How do I confirm if my husband has affections for other women?
Can I file charges against my wife for destroying 120 pictures I had on 5 walls?
How important is virginity to Indian males in an arranged marriage set up?
Why is there so much pressure from society and parents when you want the separation from your spouse (so called husband)? How can it be handled?
After a year living together, almost 4 years dating, my boyfried says he isn't sure about getting married. "He doesn't know". What should I do?
Did any of the presidents date their wives?
How it is like to not get married forever?
Is it okay to not marry fearing the gender-biased laws in India?
What would be an ideal age to get married?
What would it be like to marry a transgender lady?
Can an INFP male have a happy marriage with an ESFJ woman?
How much does it take to get citizenship through marriage in Portugal?
Can arrange marriages lead to the use of drugs?
How common is it for a married couple, heterosexual or homosexual, to have a threesome?
Which actor or actress do you want to marry?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can married daughters claim their fathers’ property if the father died before the Hindu Succession Act of 2005?
What’s your arranged marriage story?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
Is it better to leave a cheating husband even if you have a 3 year old kid?
How is the opposition between consanguinity and affinity related to cross cousin marriage?
Do a lot of marriages fail these days because people get in with the wrong motives? What then are the right motives for getting married?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
What is the right age of marriage for guys settled in Mumbai?
A husband brought home flowers for his wife every day but it turned out that he picked cemetery flowers. What would you do if you were his wife?
How can you deal with a proud wife?
How do I ask my wife to improve her personal care without offending her?
What's a good way to tell your family you are marrying yourself?
What are the documents required for a re-issue of passport after marriage? Do you need an affidavit for the name change of the wife?
Has anyone been to Gretna? Would you marry there?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
What was George T. Sampson's wife and child’s name?
Despite of inevitable responsibilities, why should one get married?
What do you do when your husband gets mad at you for everything?
How can a Muslim revert find a husband?
Do Muslims get married at a young age?
Can a Taurus and Aquarius get married?
What do you care about most when choosing a life partner?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
Is it medically safe to marry a 130 kilo-weighing 28 year old?
When can a Hindu man marry a second time?
Is it wise to get married when you have loans over your head?
Why is it so common for some Korean men to abuse their wives after marriage?
I am married​ but not satisfied​. Do other people feel the same way?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
Do sociopaths find good partners to form romantic relationships and marriages with?
Who is the happiest person, either a married one or a bachelor?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
Do rape victims get married?
How do I start over after leaving an alcoholic spouse?
Is it ok to love someone but not want to marry him?
How can a woman who does not want to get married lead her life?
Can my mother really put in her will that I will inherit nothing unless I divorce my husband?
Have you seen a marriage in which the two families including the bride and groom don’t dance? Is this too modern?
What is a mother supposed to do if her son gets a girl pregnant before marriage?
How do men who are unable to have children feel about using a sperm donor to give their wives a baby?
Can a Hindu boy marry a Muslim girl in any country?
Are you a fashion tech student or someone who can advise a bride and groom on wedding suits?
What's your opinion of straight marriage?
My wife is attempting to use sex as currency in our relationship, what should I do?
How do I stop being a clingy wife?
What are the disadvantages of a love marriage in Hindi?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
If same sex marriage is OK, why isn't bigamy?
Why are people so crazy about marriage nowadays in spite of knowing the fact that nearly everyone is a non-virgin and has had an affair before?
Is it a good idea to hyphenate our surnames?
How many rupees do you need to invest in a court marriage? What are the full details?
A woman who is not happy in her marriage meets the love of her life. What should she do?
Where can I find Indian American girls to marry?
How can a divorced Muslim woman demand maintenance in India?
What are the procedures at Arya Samaj in Kozhikode? Will they inform one’s parents?
Is it OK to say as a bride's father to the groom that if my daughter is abused physically even once I would ask her to come back and file for divorce?
Should my wife fuck other people?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
How will a playboy treat his wife after marriage?
Have you rejected a marriage proposal because they asked for a dowry? Did you get a good marriage proposal after that?
Does my husband have a good chance of getting sole custody?
Which blood group woman is not compatible to marry with an O positive man?
How do I ask my boyfriend to marry me without coming off as desperate?
How do I know for sure that monogamy is not my thing?
How do I get my husband to stop saying mean things when he doesn't get his way?
For Venezuelan Quorans; how does the situation there affect personal plans? Do people still fall in love, marry, study, or just plan on leaving?
How do I conduct a South Indian marriage?
Is it the husband's fault if his wife's appearance changes and he no longer feels attracted to her?
I got diagnosed with schizophreniform and am married with two kids. Should I get a divorce?
Do you regret your marriage, and why?
How should I deal with my husband since he does not help in household chores?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
How can I ask my neighbor's wife to have sex with me?
Why should I take care of the parents of my wife?
What should I do if my boyfriend ignores the topic of marriage, but still wants to be in a relationship with me?
Would Tamil Brahmin girls/guys like to marry within the caste? If not, why not? If yes, why?
Can a husband shout upon his wife without a justified reason?
How did you cope with the guilt of being the one to leave a marriage or relationship when the other person didn't want you to?
Did you fuck another man's wife?
What should I do if my girlfriend is getting married to someone else because of family pressure? I am dying inside because I lost my life.
Who should pray more the husband or the wife?
Is it possible for a medical intern to marry a navy officer? Will joining the navy be a good option for her?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
Why are men scared to talk about marriage?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
If I'm Mexican American and convert to Islam, will it be hard for me to find a husband with the difference in culture?
Why does a barren wife have affairs? Is it safe to marry this woman?
Will girls stop loving their boyfriends after they get married to other guys for their parents?
If I remarry, would new wife be responsible for alimony?
Did Lord Ganesha marry?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
Why is sex considered a sin outside of marriage?
Does Triple Talaq work for inter-caste marriages?
Are married Indian women looking & trying for sex apart from their husbands? If yes, what exactly are they looking for?
Why does a wife compromises most of her habits for her husband after marriage?
How can I make my husband respect me and take care of me?
Why is it that the minimum marriageable age for all Indian women is 18 years but it is reduced to 15 for Muslim women?
How can I be a good wife to my future partner?
Should I marry at the age of 23?
How is a divorced woman looked upon in the US?
Should I go ahead and get married or end the relationship?
How do you get away from a controlling husband and in-laws when your Indian parents are forcing you to stay with them?
How can I get rid of my fantasy of having sex with the wives and mothers of others?
How do husbands react if/when they see the intimacies of their wives' periods?
What is an uncontested divorce?
Would you be offended if your mother kept in touch with your ex for years after your divorce?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a blowjob?
Is chastity a good thing, or is it better to have sex before marriage?
In India, during a passport renewal, is it mandatory to give the last name of my wife or can I provide just the first name of my wife?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
After 25 years of marriage, how can I tell if my wife's lack of affection is health related or if it may be time for a divorce?
Is there any Indian law which threatens an abusive husband so that a wife can stay in the marital home peacefully without divorce?
Why do Kerala men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, or someone who is settled abroad?
Why does God command you to marry someone who sexually assaulted you?
my date of birth is January 27th, 1972 in Beirut , what are the preditions concerning my current marriage?
How could a man leave his son and divorce his wife of ten years for the sake of his mistress?
What are some of the remarks your husband made while you were in the hospital having a baby?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What are the criteria for becoming an infidel?
What are the different types of marital affairs?
Why is it that North Indian boys always try to dominate their wives after marriage?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
What was marriage like before Islam in the Islamic State?
How can I increase my wife’s interest in sex?
What’s the biggest barrier to communication in your marriage?
Are child marriages legal in any states in the US?
Should I marry a Christian or a Muslim girl?
What are the dos and don’ts a man should maintain to have a healthy, friendly and romantic relationship with his wife, if it's an arranged marriage?
How do I convince my father not to force my sister into an arranged marriage?
How do you justify an arranged marriage?
What should I (as a woman) know before and about marriage?
How do I clear my confusion about my arranged marriage?
Could I get married to an Ivorian in the Ivory Coast and then in the U.S., or would it be better just to marry in IC? Would our marriage be legal in the U.S.?
Can I claim to get married to my boyfriend on the basis of four years of physical relation with consent?
Why do people still marry in spite of their groom/bride being a non-virgin?
What are some key questions to ask before you decide to marry someone?
In Pride and Prejudice, if a girl got married, would the estate go to her or would it still go to Mr Collins? Would her husband change his name?
What can we do if my brother’s wife is not a good person?
How often do married woman masturbate?
Can a Buddhist girl marry a Muslim boy?
Can a wife file an RTI to find out her husband's salary? He is a private software employee.
Being a woman, is marriage a sign of weakness?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Would a Malayalee girl like to marry a Bihari boy? If yes, how would their life be?
Are you planning to get married anytime soon?
Can a divorced woman marry an unmarried man? What are the odds?
Did Mohammed have 13 wives?
In case a wife beats her husband, can he beat her back?
Are there any women who are married, desperately seeking divorce but trapped in the marriage without actually making a move for a divorce?
Do Indian girls prefer IITians or IIM grads more than others for marriage?
In the old period of India, because of the importance of the caste system, why did people choose to marry within the community and not to marry outside of the community with a different community?
Are you legally supposed to kiss to finalize your marriage?
How do I improve my seriously unromantic husband?
It is illegal to have two wives in the UK?
Is Nargis Fakhri going to marry popular Dhoom star Uday Chopra?
Why do people get married in peak summers in India?
One year ago, my husband cheated on me with a divorced woman. She just got married. Should I ruin her life and tell her new hubby?
How should you talk to the father of a boy about him marrying your daughter?
What site can one get young guys to marry?
Is a relationship via Tinder or any other dating app similar to an arranged marriage or arranged relationship?
Childless couples, why do you support your unemployed partner?
How do I forgive my wife?
Why do men watch porn even though they are married?
Shouldn't everyone experience living alone at least once before getting married?
How can an unmarried gay man living in India, after turning 30, lead a meaningful and contented life?
Is a friendship you have with your spouse different from one you have with someone who's not your spouse?
How can I get my wife to shower more than twice a month?
How do I convince my husband to not have a second child because he wants a son?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
If a wife beats her husband, what should he do?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
What was the biggest single reason that people divorce?
Who is legally able to marry people?
Is there any special procedure to divorce a husband who is a judge?
Can a wife file an RTI complaint to find out what her husband's salary is while he is working at a software company?
Can an Iyer boy marry a Konkani Brahmin girl?
Is sex with with a married woman who is separated from her husband appropriate?
What should I do if caste is a problem for marriage?
Is it too difficult for a woman in India to live her life independently after divorce?
Why does my husband say nasty things to me even after 26 years of marriage?
Why do wives ask questions while husbands don't?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
Is it okay to get married civilly without the permission of one’s parents?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
Would you tell your spouse you are having problems at work?
What is it that most men in India ‘actually’ want in their future wife?
Would the first lady of America still hold her position if she gets divorced from POTUS?
How did you feel on the next day of your marriage?
How would you cope when your husband impregnates a family friend who is close to you and you have kids with the man and don't want to leave because of the kids?
How do you like your partner in an arranged marriage?
In Chinese family culture, why is it usually understood that there tends to be conflict between a man's wife and his mother?
Does anybody regret his arranged marriage?
Can wedding officiants do funerals?
How do I deal with being jealous when my husband looks at other women?
From a legal standpoint in India, what are the benefits for the man after 7 years of marriage?
If I marry my mother's brother's daughter (cross-cousin), will the child face birth defect problems?
How do we select a bridegroom for a girl or a boy?
Why do you want to remain single and not want to marry in India?
Do you share all your views with your spouse?
How long is the divorce process?
Despite marriage's legal benefits, wouldn't it be less risky to remain unmarried since nowadays many marriages end in divorce?
What should I do if someone threatened my wife at midnight via telephone?
What percent of women remain virgins until marriage?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
What is wrong about marrying someone you feel nothing for?
Is it right to be gay if you are a Hindu? Does Hinduism accept same sex marriage?
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
Should a girl marry a DFO working in RAW?
How can I check my husband’s WhatsApp?
Do extramarital affairs really happen in Uttar Pradesh?
A friend registered his marriage but he didn’t have a valid proof of address. He paid extra money to the lawyer and got it done. Is the marriage valid in India?
How can I give my Muslim wife talaq being her Hindu husband as I want to divorce her by speaking talaq three times?
What can I do if my wife hates our country and doesn’t want to live here?
Why wasn't my husband allowed to speak for me at the emergency room? I was barely conscious and couldn't breathe due to pneumonia.
Are there examples of times when a woman, marriage, and children actually prevented a man from achieving great things for humanity?
How many men marry a prostitute or a sex worker without knowing it?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
Why is the poverty line different for married couples?
Where can I find married women that want to have sex?
I wish to get intimate with my wife's elder sister who is very hesitant. My wife seems to have no problem. How do I make it?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
How do I divorce my narcissist husband without him manipulating my 20 year old son?
Why is Polygamy most common in Hindus despite it being illegal for them?
Can someone predict my job and marriage life? My date of birth is 29-09-1990 at 12:45 pm in New Delhi?
How should I treat my husband?
What qualities must be seen in a boy before marriage of one’s daughter?
Why are you so against arrange marriages?
Did you follow Matthew 18 before filing for a divorce?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
Why do I feel nervous when my parents talk about my arranged marriage?
Why does Catholicism not allow divorce but instead only annulment?
How do I get motivated to live happily? I got married at 19 years old and I am 22 years old now. I have all sorts of wishes, like any other girl of my age and it is so depressing. What can I do?
How can I stop worrying about my marriage (I am 28 now) & concentrate on my career? As a girl, to whom should I give priority?
How do you tell your husband of 14 years that you are so done, his kiss makes you dry-heave?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Why do some marriages break after the honeymoon?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
My husband isn't affectionate or intimate. What should I do?
What should I do if I discovered I hated my spouse?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
How do I become a loving husband?
Are Indians known for compromising their marriage?
Why are Hindu marriages done “Agni Sakshi” (fire as witness) and not “Panchabhoodham”?
Chandrgupta maurya married helena, he was the first to let European stay in India, he made Greek official language of India just for his wife why so?
What are the chances for a marriage to survive when one spouse decides to have a sexless marriage?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
What is legal marriage in Hindu?
Are Sikh girls open to the idea of marrying Muslim guys?
Will a man whose wife cheated multiple times with several men take her back after divorce?
Can a man lead a happy sex life even if he married after 30 years?
Where can I get a good doctor to treat my wife?
What happens if you marry someone who is still married to someone else?
Should I tell my future fiance that I want to have a lot of sex in our marriage?
What should be the age difference in couples for marriage?
Why do Chinese people like to marry on May 20?
If Negi was alive and married Hinata, who would be Naruto's next choice to marry?
Is Shabnam Lone married?
What is it that most girls in India ‘actually’ want in their future husbands?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What will happen if parents are banned from paying money for their children's marriage?
How is life being married to a German woman, as a Muslim man?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
What is the punishment for an unmarried girl having an illegal relationship with my husband?
Will there be an effect from marrying a young woman who was born with birth defects? (Her left hand fingers stopped developing from birth.)
In this modern age, is an antiquated custom like marriage still relevant, or even useful?
What is Gandharv Vivah?
Why do married women cheat on good men? Is it money or lust or both?
Is there any sexual act between a husband and wife (when both are willing) that comes under lust and not love?
How is your experience with your sister in law after marriage?
What might be the problem with me, because I tried many times to impregnate my wife with no results?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
How much time does it take to get citizenship in Italy on the basis of marriage?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Where will the marriage system go after same-sex marriage is legalized?
Should I get married or even think about marriage if I have a serious health problem?
Why am I getting so perverted even after I am married to a beautiful wife?
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
How many people get married in Thailand every year?
Should I know Tamil language to marry a Tamilnadu Girl?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How do you get what you want in a divorce?
Can non-Kashmiris marry Kashmiri girls/boys?
Do you think that married scientists have lower chances of being as good as un-married ones?
What goes on in the mind of an abusive husband?
Are you happy with your marriage even you're constantly fighting?
What is your feeling if your girlfriend’s or your wife’s job salary is more than your salary?
Should I date a person before marriage? If yes, why?
Which type of sex style does a male like after marriage?
Is it ok in Indian society to be unmarried at the age of 27 years old, or to be getting married late?
Is it wrong or right for a 23-year-old girl to marry a 32-year-old man?
What are some problems that a husband and wife might experience?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of getting married at an early age?
Is getting married an essential part of life?
What is your opinion on a joined married life of understanding and companionship versus a committed joint married life?
Can a man be married and still crave sex with other men?
What should I do about my narcissistic husband of 19 years, and we have 4 kids? I'm living a life in confinement.
What is it to have sex before marriage and you are not so sure if you will surely marry the other person or not?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
My husband's sister is mooching off him. How can I stop her?
How many numbers of gf or bf before marriage can be consider normal?
How do I advise my son regarding an inter-caste marriage with an elder girl?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian female to lead a good married life?
What do you do when you think that your spouse is lying to you about having different identities?
How can you spoil your husband?
How can I, as a Lebanese Muslim, marry my Hindu girlfriend?
How do I marry other caste girl?
Is it normal not to have sex before getting married at the age of 30?
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
For couples without children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
They got engaged 7 years ago, and every year she wants to get married, but they're still not. Why?
What is the best option, your wife as a housewife or working woman?
Is it ever okay to hope your parents get divorced?
Is it punishable to be in a room without marriage with a girl?
What can a man do when he has no desire to have sex with his wife of 15 years?
Do Muslims follow lifestyle of Mohammed and marry off their child to a old man?
How do you handle major differences in marriage (i.e., political views, religion, etc.)?
What are the rights that the Indian constitution provides a woman if she is getting divorced?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
Why are most marriages in India decided by partner complexion, caste, and income, unlike other countries?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Should I have an affair with a married woman?
A narcissist says that his wife tells him that men fancy her, and that she does it to make him jealous. Would that be true?
I have my Saturn in the seventh house of my horoscope, does this mean I will never get married or have a happy relationship?
Do you think matrimonial websites are really helpful in finding a man to many?
What type of marriage arrangement does God bless and approve of?
Why do women demand alimony after divorce if they are equally capable of everything, unlike men?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
Do men need a signed consent form from their wife to get a vasectomy?
Can a Muslim husband and non Muslim wife stay as married couples in Dubai?
My boyfriend and I got married in a temple, but we realized it was a bad decision. Would there be legal issues if we do not get a divorce and just move on?
Are BPDs capable of long-term, happy, and drama-free marriages?
Why do Kerala Christian men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, specifically someone who is settled abroad or someone working abroad?
What does it mean if my husband tells me I can do anything I want?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Is it okay to divorce your wife after finding out that she has PCOS and was not aware of its severity until she told her doctor/husband?
Can I ever trust my cheating wife again?
Will "IPL20" happen? If so, which franchise will remain until then?
How can I know my husband’s history?
How do Indian men like their future wives to be? Has there been any change of mindset from previous generations?
If a wife always scolded her husband and kept a secret relationship with a boy, what should the husband do?
Who is the wife of cricketer Rohit Sharma?
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
How much is it to get married in the beach in southern California? (it's an under 10 person wedding)
Is it really possible to transform ourselves after marriage?
Is it normal for a man to want to share his wife with other men?
Does marriage kill the joy of life?
What is like to marry in India when you're an introvert?
Is there some law to protect a man against a fraud case of dowry by a woman?
Why did Hema Malini marry Dharmendra?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
What are some ways to support marriage equality?
How do I confront my wife about her Jio call records?
What will happen if a boy is younger to the girl for marriage?
Why do Telugus force their kids to marry their cousins through arranged marriages?
How do I cope with a cheating spouse?
What should a daughter do if her parents don't support after her marriage?
My marriage is in trouble, what can I do?
How do I know if we should get married?
What points should you consider when you decide to go for a love marriage without your parents’ consent?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
Why are there so many divorces in today's society?
How should I select a partner, by being very picky or keep trying until something works out?
Should I just not pursue marriage?
What is the thing that the father gives to the daughter before marriage and takes back after marriage?
What would life be like with 200 wives?
Why does a narcissistic husband hurt his wife when she is the only person who is always there for him?
Why does a narcissist husband hurt his wife when she is the only person who is always there for him?
Can I like someone after marriage?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
Which all are the famous temples in India where non-Hindus can get married?
What have you found out about your spouse that scares or upsets you?
What would be the life of a girl after wedding?
Why do Indians, especially Hindus, not kiss each other in their marriage in front of everyone?
Is it necessary for a widow to stay at her in-law’s house?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How can you handle a bad wife who is pregnant?
If you believe that there must be a marriage to be in a relationship, but you know that marriage isn't possible, are you not condemned to loneliness?
When did Subhadra Kitching get married?
How will my life be if I marry a lieutenant in the Indian Navy?
Does Indian law consider marriage as legal prostitution? Why should a man pay and take care of his wife in this independent world?
Is it too difficult for an Indian woman to live independently after divorce?
What is your story as a married daughter (Indian parents)?
I am 21. My parents are looking forward for my marriage. I love someone else but my parents will never approve our marriage. What should I do?
What do you think about Emmanuel Macron being married to an older woman?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
What would you choose, to go vagabonding for two years or to get stabilized, marry and have kids?
Should I get married if I have doubts?
What do you think about the expectation of Indian husbands asking their wives (working/non-working) to wash their innerware, whereas they never do the same for their wives?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Does a second wife's child have legal claims on his/her father's property?
What is the purpose of mentioning marriage status in application forms?
Is it common to stay a virgin until marriage?
How can I track my husband's car to know if he pick another woman up at work?
Why are so many couples unhappy in their marriages?
How does the virginity of husbands affect the wife?
Does age matter when you marry somebody 8 years younger?
How come it's common for men to be married to women younger than them and rare the other way round?
Is it ok to marry a man younger than me?
In inter-religious marriages, what are the legalities regarding the religion of the child? Do they follow the mother’s or father’s?
Instead of destruction (divorce), can answers be more about construction (marriage recovery)?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Is Mu'tah marriage permitted in Islam?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
Does a married daughter have any rights on her father's self-earned property?
Does the unfavourable marriage horoscope matching always fail?
How appropriate is it for a girl or her family to expect the groom to have 5x to 10x more income than her?
What are your thoughts of getting married at 19?
Can a Libra man and Capricorn woman be successful together as husband and wife?
What would you do if your prospective wife cheated and lied a lot under the protection of almost all her family and friends?
Both of my parents hate each other and fight all time but refuse to get a divorce because of "the kids". Should I tell them to get a divorce?
Should I promise my girlfriend marriage in the future?
What is the best way to recover financially from divorce?
What is the minimum time for a Hindu marriage to dissolve if the wife is not willing to divorce?
Do Indian men consider dating a 25 year old divorced woman without kids and with absolutely no mistake of hers in divorce?
What should one do if his wife is egotistical, cunning, manipulative, aggressive and never ready to accept mistakes or feedback?
Will an Irish guy marry a Chinese girl?
What can you say about an abusive father that walked out of the life of his wife leaving three kids behind?
Is it okay for a Kashyap Brahmin to marry a Kashyap Bengali girl?
What steps should a women take to make her life secure at the age of 30 if she decides never to get married?
Why can I not marry a man who is older than me by 20 years?
After marriage in court, the husband and wife have been living separately for 6 months. Can this marriage be annulled as per Hindu law?
What does it mean if you dream that someone you like got married?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
What is your opinion of prenuptial agreements and their benefits?
At the age of 22, should I prefer marriage or should I continue my studies?
If a spouse tends to be verbally abusive to his spouse, should they go to a marriage counselor or does the abusive spouse have to go to a therapist?
Has anybody's ex contacted back after getting married to say that they made a mistake?
How did people show that they were married in the middle ages?
Since sex is considered part of adult dating, does sex consummate a relationship? If yes, what consummates marriage?
Is it possible for a person with a new Canadian PR visa to sponsor his wife?
Can an Indian citizen marry a girl from either the USA, UK, or France? If yes what is the diplomatic procedure to follow?
What do women want in their "perfect" husband?
How do I settle a divorce in Canada?
How do I convince my husband that watching 1 hour of good (simple and beautiful) cartoons would not mentally harm our 2 and 4 year old daughters?
Can a married woman ask for child support from the man who impregnated her while she was married and still married?
What is the meaning of getting married?
Are being a virgin, fair, and earning in the 6 figures the eligibility criteria every man seeks for marriage? If she earns less and has average looks, is she not worth it?
I recently found out that my ex-wife has cancer and refuses to get treatment. How do I change her mind?
Does Chinese Zodiac affect your marriage?
Is it possible to save someone from a narcissists grasp (a marriage to one)?
Can a love marriage really happen in India where our girlfriend is forced to get married at the age of 23 years old, and on the other hand we are still stuck in a career?
Would you let your wife stay friends with her ex-boyfriend(s)?
How much alimony should a women get from her Indian husband?
Is there such thing as a mail order husband?
What are aspects we have to consider while choosing a girl for marriage?
What does it mean when your wife says you are not romantic?
Do Koreans marry women older than them?
Can I take my ex to court after the divorce because I am disabled?
Why don't rich Chinese marry beautiful Indian girls?
If I have a wife, can I have a waifu?
My ex-wife says she is off illegal drugs now and wants to have unsupervised visits with the children. Should I trust her?
How do I convince my girlfriend's family that I'm the best guy to marry her, given that she belongs to a Muslim family and I’m Hindu?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Why do people tell me that I will change my mind about having children? My husband and I do not want kids.
How can I help my husband to be more ambitious?
Is my husband a white knight narcissist?
If your estranged ex-spouse were dying would you want to hear from them one last time?
I’m Indian and my girlfriend is French. We plan to get married in October. How soon can I work in France and in the U.K. after that?
Would you marry a raped woman?
Should IPC accept 'irretrievable breakdown of marriage' as a basis for divorce? How should the clause be formulated?
Why my ex-girlfriend contacting me after 20 years ?
How should one react after finding out that one’s husband has had an affair in the past?
Should I get married if I have no other choice?
Would a girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
Where is it legal for 3 or more persons in a polyamorous relationship to get married?
How do I stop being afraid of what kind of man I will get in an arranged marriage?
I'm reading a lot of questions regarding failure in marriages and seeing many regrets about it under that topic. Isn't it possible to live without a life partner?
How can I get over the end of my marriage when I have to keep seeing him because of the kids?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
What would you do if your husband hurt you by worst words?
Is there any rule in SSC AMC that after engagement, you are posted to the single station? For marrying a civilian.
How do you respond when you continue to encounter the same problem in your marriage?
What if a wife doesn't change her last name?
How do I revive love for my wife?
I am having trouble expressing my anger and I usually keep it in. Is this normal or this is where it gets when you become adult?
If your spouse asked you to change one thing to save your marriage, would you be willing to do it? How difficult would it be?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
Why do Indian men have relationships knowing he would break it up and prefer marrying younger girls in the end (arranged marriage)?
How do I stop lusting after my own wife?
What are the 10 things every Indian should know before getting married?
What could be the emotional consequences of getting married to your first sexual partner, when he has had several in the past?
How can a Muslim married man marry a Muslim woman without getting a divorce from his first wife?
Is it practically possible for an unemployed, non-virgin, 26-year-old girl to get married through an arranged marriage system without a dowry?
What is the reason for not getting pregnant after marriage?
In a partnered relationship where one spouse is a psychopath, wouldn't they owe it to their spouse to let them know what they are?
What are the indications a married woman is interested in me for the long term?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
In the case of a divorce, can a working Indian Muslim lady ask for maintenance from her husband, as the Mehr amount will only be 10k?
How did you feel when you found out your husband cheated?
How does marriage for citizenship work and is it legal?
How can I stop my husband from buying me food that makes me fat without being rude or hurting his feelings?
My husband wants to watch me have sex with another man or woman. Should I do it?
Is there any dating plus marriage website out there?
Why does my wife continue to have sex with her ex boyfriend (baby daddy) but says she wants to stay married to me?
What are the terms "handfasting", "misyar" and "muta?
How can I deal with my wife never initiating sex?
Why must a married woman change her last name in the U.S.?
How can you know that your girlfriend really loves you and wants to marry you?
Can one get over a narcissistic ex husband after two and half years of separation?
Why do you love your wife/girlfriend?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
What is a sign that your wife has a lesbian girlfriend?
Why should I marry my lover?
Are young people in China delaying marriage or having a child?
What are the pros and cons if your partner is dark skinned?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
Can an Indian man and a Venezuelan woman have a happy married life?
What are we if our great grandparents married each other?
My sister (Hindu Brahmin) wants to marry with a Muslim guy who is already married having 3 kids, how can I stop her?
Being a non-Bengali, what should I keep in mind if I want to marry a Bengali girl?
In an Indian family, should I take sides with my wife against my parents?
Does Muslim women only get 1 husband in jannah?
Why would a narcissistic man let his wife keep on accusing him of cheating? And he still stays with her?
What kind of protection do I have as a wife married to a narcissistic possible sociopath husband?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
What happens when a Karnataka girl marries a guy from Bihar?
Why can an older man marry a girl 10-15 years younger but society looks down at a woman who wants to be with a man 10-15 years younger?
What is the medical explanation for dumb husband and wife having dumb kids?
What is the darkest secret you will not tell your spouse?
What kind of girl would you like to marry?
What did you feel when your bestfriend got married?
Would you sleep with your brother-in-law to save your marriage?
When should a man have sex with his wife?
Should a married person stay in the relationship or leave?
How did the return of your ex in your life ruin your marriage?
What documents are required for a fresh passport application for women after marriage?
Why do successful women in India (or the world over) don't get married to not-so-successful men in general?
What are the things that a mother of girls should do when divorcing and if remarrying?
How many married women out there go to bed with their girlfriends?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
Can you tell me about the legal requirements for a divorce in Pakistan?
How can you stay with your wife in peace?
Do you regret marrying a wrong person who doesn't value his wife’s feelings?
What are your views on wives (working/non-working) washing the innerware of their husbands whereas husbands never do the same?
What percentage of marriages in India are arranged?
Why does the Indian marriage system favour women only?
Do blow jobs end after marriage?
Will you marry a man who is not virgin?
Is the Hindu Marriage Act not applicable in Bihar-Jharkhand? A marriage registrar says so.
What are the things a bride should buy?
Why is the amount of alimony directly proportional to the degree of richness of the husband?
What are the ill effects of practicing forst cousin marriages over the generations​?
Is it ok for an unmarried Indian to change religion at the age of 22?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
Is it okay to make outwith someone who is not going end up marrying you?
Where can I find single women who are US citizens and willing to marry an H1B candidate?
Where can I find Indian-American girls who have US citizenship that I would want to marry?
How do I propose a Bengali girl for marriage?
Is it easy to get married in Romania?
How often do you watch porn after marriage?
Why does an Indian girl prefer a boy in marriage who earns more than she does? Isn't this pseudo-feminism?
Can I take 50g of jewels and my marriage chain with me to the USA and then return back to India?
Should I date someone who doesn't want to marry me?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
How do I leave my husband who keeps stressing me out and makes me "walk on eggshells"?
Why does a man get married & have children if he’s not rich enough? Why doesn’t he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live lavishly?
My wife is pregnant.she have done her blood test on the recommendation of her gyne. Her report show the TSH is 34.8. Is it dangerous?
How can I ask a girl whether she is ready to marry me in an arranged marriage?
Is it realistic for me to desire marrying a very intelligent man if I'm not overly intelligent myself? I find it so attractive.
What attitudes should people have about living together before marriage?
Does a husband have rights after a divorce to have part of his ex-wife’s deceased husband's life insurance benefits?
Are you married to your teacher/professor/tutor like Macron is?
Would you kill your wife or sister because she fraternised with an American soldier?
Are there any Madhwa Brahman girls working in Deloitte Bangalore (US India), who are ready for marriage?
How should I choose a girl in an arranged marriage? What points should I keep in mind?
What if getting married isn't an escape?
What are good advises I should keep in mind before getting married?
Is Ranbir Kapoor going to marry a foreigner?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Can I marry my mothers uncle's daughter's daughter?
If taking a dowry is a sin, why is demanding for alimony always a legal entity?
What do you think of pre-wedding shoots? Do they hold any importance?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How fair is it to talk with your mother-in-law and father-in-law for hours before marriage?
What reasons besides abuse, infidelity, and incompatibility can cause divorces?
Would it be worth marrying my girlfriend, if we are sexually incompatible?
How do I fall ill on the day of my marriage?
Should I marry a girl who has had physical relations with her brother?
How far should I go (distance-wise) to escape my in-laws? No, more seriously, my husband is a only child and his parents are very clingy. What to do?
How do I control and advise a daughter who wishes to go for an intercaste marriage with another community?
I'm Aries and my husband is Leo, but has a child with a Scorpio woman. They keep coming together, how can I separate them?
Is it common in the Middle East for straight males to engage in sex with other men before they marry a woman?
Is it truly possible to have a happy marriage?
Have you ever gotten married to someone you met online?
Why should I marry my girlfriend?
What would be my relationship to my aunt's elder sister’s daughter? Is it allowed for marriage?
Did you agree to give your own salary to your wife?
What does it say in the catholic Bible about sex before marriage?
Have any Indian guys married a Chinese girl? Wouldn't there be a huge cultural disconnect?
Imagine a 40 years old man travel through time and marry his third cousin's daughter. Will it be possible for him to marry her?
What is the best way to marry an atheist?
What should I do with my wife on bed?
Why are so many men willing to throw away years of a good marriage to a decent person just because 'life isn't as fun as it used to be'?
How do I get happiness with my wife?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Can an overseas marriage between an Indian citizen and a foreigner be recognised by Indian law upon providing the act of marriage issued abroad?
What are your views about polyandry and polygamy? Does it have benefits?
What are the steps to get married with a foreigner in Indonesia?
Have you ever regretted for confessing your ex's matter with your spouse?
How can I tell the difference between my mother's responsibilities and my wife's?
Who were Ashoka’s wives?
What are some good ways to divorce your Asian wife after just 4 months of controlling and cruel behavior?
How can a brother buy out his sister but also add his wife to his inherited property? Should the sister just sell her half to the wife?
Why does my wife feel useless after leaving her work?
What is the relationship, and is it fair when we are married?
If you thought your spouse was cheating & found a receipt would you ask immediately or try to get more info based on the delivery address?
Can I get detailed information about my education, career and marriage, if I was born in Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu on the 8th of July, 1992 at 12 pm?
When and why did this system of dowry started in Hinduism?
What are some questions to ask my significant other on date night?
I'm a Finnish citizen. If I marry an American citizen could I legally live in the USA?
Is the origin of ‘eu’ in Greco Latin from Turkish ‘ev’ for marriage/home?
When did Meena Kumari get married?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
What changes when you get married?
Is it better to be right, or to keep the relationship?
What should a man do if his wife leaves his house after learning about his affair with another woman?
What is a good response to a question "Why you don't have a boyfriend / husband?"?
Is it necessary for a girl to get married? What if she doesn't want to or is afraid of marriage?
If a U.S resident does not own a car, is he considered poor and will have trouble finding a girlfriend/wife?
What are the benefits if HCL employees married each other?
Where can I get a man to act with me in front of my husband?
Is there anyone who got pregnant before marriage?
When did you realize you married a boy in a man's body?
Can a man with blood group A positive marry a woman with blood group B Rh positive?
What is the max no. of days a PSB PO can get as a leave for his marriage?
What if you find out your father (within 6 month of your mother's death) and your elder brother is involved with married women having children?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
Can I write my husband's surname after my whole name without any documentation?
Is it ok to visit a call girl to satisfy your physical need while you are not married?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
Will any Indian girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
What is life like after marriage in a typical Indian family for a 21st century girl?
How do I get married on the Vancouver Island?
Should gay marriage be allowed or not in our country?
What is the best way get my buddy and his wife to have a threesome?
What can I do to bring back my spouse?
How do you get your wife to appreciate you?
What kind of ring is suitable for marriage?
Can wives feed their husbands?
What can you do to make your spouse with NPD happy?
Why do men have fantasies about other women, even when they are happily married?
What's the best game to play with my wife?
What do Jewish parents think if their child falls in love with and wants to marry a Christian?
How is married life for Indian immigrants in the USA?
How can I give a second chance to my marriage?
My husband wants a divorce. Can I say "No"?
How do you stop hurting and feeling heartbroken for yourself and for your 2 children after a divorce you didn't want?
How do I break the truth to an obese friend who thinks hedge fund managers should marry her because of her nice personality?
I got married 3 months ago and my wife cries over every little thing (emotional blackmail). How should I handle this?
Is it normal for psychopaths to marry people with less money who don’t look all that good?
What do you do when your wife seems to receive undue attention from other men?
What religion did Shivaji's wife, Sakwar Bai, belong to? What is her family history?
What may be the punishment if a lady is blamed for maintenance, dowry, and harassment over her husband?
What is different between escort and wife?
Will there be marriage in heaven?
Is virginity a main key for a happy life marriage? How important is it? Why and why not.
How should I have sex with my virgin wife on our wedding night?
How does frequent masturbation effect married life?
How many wife's did the Nizam have?
How were you feeling during your marriage?
Why is everyone doing caste marriages in India?
Why didn’t Harry Potter marry Cho Chang? Was it because of her race, her flat face, or because she is not attractive?
Who is your favorite "We Got Married" couple?
My husband said he has been in love with an unknown white woman for 17 years and now he wants a divorce. Is this delusional?
What should I do if my wife feels that she, at the professional level, hasn't reached her full potential?
What are the best questions to ask a guy whom you are meeting for the first time for an arranged marriage to know more about his nature?
What happens when a female Judge gets married to a doctor?
What is the bigger social stigma, not wanting to get married or not wanting kids?
Would a married man spend time and become increasingly close to a woman he wasn't interested in sexually?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
My husband and I were celebrating a crossword game win when I gave him a high five and he pinched me. Why would he do that?
Were women stoned to death for adulterous relations when Virgin Mary was alive?
A marriage proposal didn’t work out because of our horoscopes. I think the girl is a great companion but she believes in horoscopes. How should I proceed?
What is the name of the old porn in Italian/French where a husband and wife have sex to seduce the neighbour woman and make her have sex with them?
It's been six months since I got married. So, what do you think is the right time to be pregnant?
Is it possible that the oral sex may cause the girl get urethritis after sex?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
Do I stay with a controlling, narcissistic husband who hates my kids just because of the money?
I have difference of opinion with my wife. We haven't spoken for more than a year. We live in the same house. Should I go for divorce?
How should I behave with my cheated wife?
Why would I marry? I have never been a fan of families; my sexual life is stabilized. What could be other reasons to marry?
What is the importance of a courtship period for marriage?
If a husband asking for money is a crime, why is it not a crime for a wife to do the same?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
How do I convince a soon-to-be married man not to cheat on his fiancee with me?
What are the most common marriage problems?
How does state paternity laws apply to same-sex marriages?
Are prisoners in US jails allowed to get married?
What are the problems with young marriages?
What are your thoughts on a two-tier marriage system?
What are the basics requirements of marriage in Islam?
Do all young parent marriages crash?
Has anyone ever had a "good" extramarital affair, in which they did not regret the affair? What were the reasons for it? How did it end?
Most of my friends are married. Seems like I'm the only one who is still single. I feel lonely. What should I do?
Is there a marriage museum in your country?
What are the legal consequences of marriage in the UK?
If your spouse doesn't mind if you cheat on him or her, would you cheat?
How much does it cost to change partners after marriage?
The K2 holder has eloped. The petitioner will not seek an adjustment of status for her. What will happen to the bride?
What were the ages that people got married in the 1860's?
Is it okay for a woman to marry a man who is 12 years older than her?
Is it okay to give a finger ring to your partner before marriage?
According to Hindu law, can a wife (couple separated by mutual consent) file a case against her husband and ask for alimony in the future?
Do marriages between older women and younger men, and vice versa, work?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
Do you think it's possible for mainland China to legalize same-sex marriage?
What law should be used against an Indian husband to continue the matrimonial profile after marriage and to chat with girls in matrimonial chats?
Is it possible to feel something for your well known male friend after you married to another man?
What should I do before bringing and marrying a hot foreign girlfriend to the US?
Why do some religions prevent their priests from marrying when the Bible does not prevent the marrying of priests (Luke 1:5-8 and Matthew 8:14)?
In Washington State, what are one's divorce rights if their spouse cheats on them?
Why do many Baniyas believe in dowry? Why do they ask the bride’s side to tell them how much they are going to spend on the wedding?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Can I get a court marriage with a girl without informing her parents?
What's it like being the child in a divorce?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Is there an expiration date for a civil wedding?
If you got to know your wife was cheating on you while you guys were dating, what will you do?
Is India the worst country to get married for men, with so much female-centric laws ready to screw their life?
What is the best place around Bangalore to take my wife out on her first birthday after marriage?
In Islam why are we supposed to consumate the marriage on the night of the Nikah?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
I am engaged to a girl who loves someone else. Her parents won't let her marry him as he is from another caste. What should I do?
Whenever I ask my boyfriend for marriage, he only delays. He never says no. But my parents want me to get married. What should I do?
Do Turkish girls marry Indian boys?
Is converting to Islam for the sake of your future children/marriage wrong?
What is a bride’s price?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
When requested to do a pointless task, what should I do if the resulting argument by disagreeing would actually take longer than the task itself?
What is the ideal romantic situation for a married couple on a daily soap opera?
Why are a number of people, especially Bollywood celebrities, becoming fathers or mothers without being married, even though they are rich?
In what circumstance should I get a divorce?
Is it okay to contact my husband's former mistress?
Do you think Katrina has taken a right decision for marrying a man like Ranbir Kapoor, even after being aware of his womanizing ways?
Do you regret not marrying a working woman and missing out on the second income?
Is it ok for men in India if they know his wife had sex with other guy?
What should a mother say to her daughter when she is getting married?
Why do people still stay married after the biggest fights, cheatings, lies etc?
Is it ok to marry a divorcee?
Why is marriage compulsory in India?
How can I start my studies after marriage?
Should I agree to get married because my mom and dad are feeling old and scared?
In KSA, do they kill people for adultery/cheating on their spouse?
What should be the ground rules be for a husband and wife working in the same organisation?
Why should a woman sacrifice in a marriage?
What makes a husband cheat on his beautiful and loving wife?
Why do we have to get married? Why is the need to get married so great that people are willing to marry someone they barely know?
What are some pros and cons of residing with in-laws after marriage?
Why are so many people deciding to remain single and why is the divorce rate so high?
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
Is it ok when a wife with a kid stays permanently in her home, strictly saying no to her in-laws’ home, when the husband is working abroad?
Is it okay to get married in college if you are in a healthy relationship?
Who do you blame in an affair? The woman or the man who vowed his loyalty to his wife?
How do I file for divorce in India on the basis of mental harassment or an incompatible relationship?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
In a marriage without sex, what can promote both intimacy and a sense of exclusivity?
What are some good tips or techniques for a man to excite his wife in bed?
What can happen to a person if they don't marry the one they love?
How can I teach someone a lesson who sent me a vulgar mail with a lot of "f**ks" in it, just because I said no to her parents for marriage?
In India, does a married daughter have any right to her father's self-earned property? (Note that the father's property is not ancestral property.)
How likely is it that a marriage will work if the guy cheats within the first year?
Is it worth waiting for sex until marriage? Why or why not?
How is Bhadra depicted as the son of Bhallaladeva, when the wife of Bhallaladeva is not shown?
If a girl gets pregnant, should she and the father of her unborn child get married or is it totally irrelevant?
Is the dowry tradition relative and falsely exaggerated by girls’ parents?
Is it ok for my wife to sleep with my penis inside her?
Why does my husband sleep on the couch and not with me?
How do Indian girls view an affair or relationship with a young, unmarried smoking hot male teacher?
While going through a divorce, my husband disappeared. Will my divorce be granted with a settlement?
In the United States, what percentage of average, non-"sleazy" men cheat on their wives?
Can an Indian engagement end if the bride is no longer a virgin?
Why would a narcissistic mother be there for her children and husband?
How will life be for an Indian girl who was born and brought up in Dubai to get married (arranged) and settle down in Germany?
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
For couples with school-aged children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
What are some good personal wedding vow samples?
How can I convince my wife to participate in group sex ?
What is your favorite way to end a day?
What's the point in getting married when it's such a financial risk?
Why do some wives want to have sex in the morning only?
Is it impossible for me to find a serious relationship after a failed marriage? Guys seem to discriminate me because I have a kid.
Will a Rajput girl's parents allow their daughter to marry a Kerala boy?
I'm happier after my divorce even though my ex is in the dumps. How do I deal with this guilt?
If you are a male, and for some reason you can never get married (disability, severe lack of confidence etc.), how do you cope?
Will an Indian, narcissist husband consider divorce after the silent treatment, considering it's difficult to find new sources?
What are the benefits I will get by marrying a working woman?
Do Manglik boys ever get married?
Why would a person get married & have children if he's not rich enough? Why doesn't he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live his life lavishly?
How does the Indian wives behave with their husbands?
Is it necessary to marry again after a painful divorce? What are the counter side effects of being alone?
Who are some scientists who funded their careers through funding lulls by marrying rich?
Why would a man continuously go back to the woman he's been having an affair with, even after telling said woman he won't leave his wife?
How do you recover after discovering that your deceased spouse was unfaithful?
Did you marry up, marry down, or marry equal?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
Can you have sex with your wife whilst in prison?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
If someone marries a woman with a kid, how does society react?
How many people get married due to social/family pressure in India?
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
Is it ok for a man to beat up his wife?
What does a boy expect from his future wife?
Will they remove my husband’s name off the lease because lately they’ve been finding ways for him to move back to the barracks?
When prophet Muhamad (saw) died he left behind 9 widows. Who then ordered Muslims to marry just 4 wives?
Can a marriage in India be registered with two different marriage dates?
How would you respond if your wife or girlfriend ask you if you think she's chubby?
We are 52 and 53; I am in premenopause. My husband wants it all the time, and we're both frustrated. What is a fair compromise on sex in a marriage?
What can we learn from arranged marriages?
What happens when a narcissistic girl marries an empath?
What would you like to cook in the absence of your wife/hubby?
What amount of alimony should I get if I was married to my ex-husband for 1 just month and I'm leaving him for my boyfriend of 6 years?
How can broken trust be restored in a marriage?
Did Bruce Lee cheat on his wife?
How can I do online marriage in Pakistan?
Which Hindu Mantra can be chanted for getting married?
What is best, living relationships or marriage?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
How can a man cope when he loves someone else aside from his wife and all he wants is to have a mistress/2nd wife and also maintain the first wife?
Can a pair who betray their spouses and leave them to be together sustain their relationship for long & how can they trust knowing they both cheated?
Why did Muhammad marry his adopted son's wife?
Can married life be predicted before getting married?
Why does a cancer man break up with the woman (loyal Virgo girl) he promised to marry.? Will he ever go back to her for reconciliation?
Why are children born to Hindu mothers married to Muslim men fanatic Muslims?
How can you treat your husband's insecurities?
Is it wrong to marry a lady 12 years younger than me?
Will the dowry system in the Kerala Muslim community end?
Is it possible to inter-caste a marriage between a Yadav community girl and a Brahmin boy?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
What should a mother of two children do if she finds out that her officer husband engaged in oral sex before and after their marriage?
As a newly married working-class lady, is it advisable to hand my salary over to my husband once received? What are the pros and cons?
What do you think about a psychologist seeing both partners of a marriage separately and indefinitely?
My wife goes to Osho meditation centre in Pune. Will she have sex and shall I trust her?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Can I marry my maternal grandmom’s brother’s son’s daughter?
Marriage or cohabitation, which do you prefer?
Can a Pakistani marry a Moroccan woman?
What job offer did Bill Clinton ignore so he could be with Hilary before they got married?
Wife filed RCR after NRI husband got divorce in USA. What will happen in the court?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
Which blood group for a boy is suitable for a B-Negative girl for marriage?
Is it mandatory to marry the one whom you love?
Are al-hoor al-iyn (virgins) concubines or wives of Muslims in Jannah?
What was your outcome after hiring a PI to spy on your spouse?
Should I marry a girl whom I don't like but my family members love?
Why are some mothers and husbands so negative?
What you do if your husband had an overly high sex drive?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Why do so many Iranians in America marry out of their group?
Would anyone marry me? I have many issues.
What do you do when your wife doesn't want a divorce, but wants to be on her own for a while?
Is it unethical to love a married lady who is deprived of love by her husband?
Which is preferable, living together with or without a marriage certificate? Why?
What can I do if I am being mentally, financially and emotionally harassed by my husband even after 10 years of marriage?
Is it reasonable for a couple to come to an agreement that the one that wants children be the one responsible for most of the childcare?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
Will you allow your spouse to practice their own religion?
What is it that a girl in India usually sees in a guy in an arranged marriage? Does anyone who has earned with hard labor get any response from girls?
If the Hindu Marriage act is amended and allowed for multiple marriages how many of them would be interested?
What is the expected length of time one should visit with their spouse in a hospital?
How do I find the courage to divorce my wife?
Have you cried over your wife?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
How has marriage made you a better person?
Happily married for 7yrs and very much in love with my wife? Is it normal to still be attracted to other women to the point I feel like cheating?
Why do women love their parents instead of their husbands?
How difficult is it to be married to a soldier?
How are small societies and large ones different when it comes to attitudes toward marriage?
Is it hard for a man to improve his professional career after marriage?
How do you leave your husband when you’re just not in love anymore but don't want to hurt him?
Would you marry somebody in the same profession as yours? Why? Why not?
Is it okay to pressure your spouse for a physical relationship in your marriage?
How can I find out if my wife is on dating sites?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
If asked today, would you be able to name the number one thing your spouse needs from your relationship? Would your spouse be able to do the same?
I have to be very good to my husband's relatives, but he does not do the same. How do I cope with it?
How can I get up the nerve to play the songs I wrote in front of my wife if they involve painful relationship issues we've been through in the past?
How did marriage impact your career, daily lifestyle and life generally? And what advice do you have for new couples?
What should I do if I am in a loving relationship with a married guy (who loves his wife too) and time-to-time I feel jealous of his wife?
What are the remedies for incompatibility in marriage?
How do I cope living with a narcissistic wife without ruining the lives of our children?
Why do some married women not like sex?
What should​ I look for in my future​ wife?
If you are unable to 'fit in' for much of your life (socially, jobs, marriages, etc.), what are the potential reasons? Can they be overcome?
Which cultures have the healthiest marriages?
Why is the groom expected to pay for the wedding house in China?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
If a lady is married and gets married again without a divorce, who made the mistake?
Why do most boys become more interested in married women?
What should I do if my wife doesn't like sex anymore?
How difficult is it to get Europe visa? I have recently quit my job as I am getting married in few months. What are the documents needed?
Can anyone force me to stay with my husband if I don't want to?
Do women find it titillating to have sex with a married man?
What is Tejasvita Apte's view on fake dowry allegations against men?
When parents disapprove of marrying a guy with lesser educational qualifications, even though the guy and girl are madly in love, what is the solution?
In a general sense, what should I expect from being married to a Georgian (as in the country next to Turkey)?
Why is prenuptial agreement not valid in India?
What is the best age for Marriage in Pakistan?
Even in the 20th century, why are many Indian parents still opposed to love marriages?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
What do you do when you are forced into a marriage? Do you leave the person or compromise?
What is the easiest way to forget your husband's pornographic chats with other girls?
Is it possible to live without getting married?
How can marriage destroy someone?
If a wife registers for "file and suspend," when can her husband receive spousal benefits?
Do Indian martyrs’ wives get married again?
Does one have to be married to have IVF done in China?
What are the traditions of Iraqi weddings?
Should I be offended if my boyfriend didn't say Happy Mother's Day to me even though I do stuff for his daughter all the time?
How do I convince my Muslim parents to allow an intercaste marriage with a Brahmin guy?
Is an IAF servant allowed to be a live-in without marriage?
What is the government of Singapore's stance on same-sex marriage?
Can I, a divorcee marry a bachelor?
Should I be leery about dating a 55 year old man that has never been married?
What should I do if my mother-in-law always shows partiality between her two daughters-in-law?
How can I marry? I am 20 years old.
Would you deliberately allow someone to make your wife pregnant if you know you are not fertile?
Is it better to live alone or have a spouse that causes misery and emotional torment?
Why do Indian parents always prefer an arranged marriage over a love marriage?
Do all marriage restrictions now have to be placed in the Constitution?
What are the tips you want to give to the bride who is getting married in 1 month?
If you are successful then is it necessary to get married?
Do Kashmiris marry European women?
What are the merits and demerits of same age marriage?
Why is it so difficult to get married in India? I have been trying since 3 years now, but still not able to find a decent girl for myself.
How do you begin to let go of losing a spouse?
What is the Christian point of view regarding dating before marriage? Is it sin?
What does it feel like to sleep with another man’s wife?
Can a Manglik affect the health and well-being of a non-Manglik after marriage? What are the other ramifications of such a marriage?
If one spouse is in the medical field (physician) and the other isn't, are they more likely to divorce?
Is divorce as hard on young kids as we're told it is?
What do you do if your husband lies to you?
Why is inter-caste marriage more important than an ideal marriage?
Are Pakistani husbands good to their wives, or do they cheat?
What do you think about inter-religious marriages?
What should we know before starting our family?
In India nowadays, married women are misusing dowry laws. What do you say about this?
Is it important to get married even when you are not doing good in your career (female)?
How does a girlfriend or wife react when her boyfriend or husband has premature ejaculation?
What are some of ways to surprise your wife in bed?
What is it about married men who interact a lot with unattached, attractive women on Facebook? Should their wives get concerned?
How should I resolve a conflict between myself and my family about my future marriage?
In a country with illegal homosexual marriage, is it legal to marry a transman to a transwoman or a gay man to a gay woman?
How do I prepare myself to face the future after I separate from my husband?
How much difference is there between your height and your spouse's?
Is it acceptable in court to seek a divorce if, in an arranged marriage, the bride or groom hid some medical condition from the to-be spouse prior to the marriage?
Should a 43 year old man marry a 26 year old woman?
Did all great people in the world have a happy married life?
If a person's name is Padma Ramesh, where Ramesh is her husband's name, what should be her given name and surname in her passport?
How does it feel to cheat on your spouse?
Why would a woman who has been given a triple talaq want to stay with her husband?
My husband is extremely wealthy but will not pay for my daughter’s college tuition. What are the legal limits of using his money without his approval?
Are there any Cancer man and Gemini woman successfully and happily married couples on Quora?
Could I marry a Mormon woman as a transman?
Why there are so few good-looking grooms and brides on matrimonial sites?
Is there an inter-caste/casteism problem faced in European countries during marriages?
How would it be if, instead of a married couple (usually) taking the last name of the man, their last names were mixed with one half of one name and one half of the other name?
Are toxic in-laws a deal breaker for a potential marriage?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
Is it possible to inherit mother's community for children born out of inter community marriage?
Should people marry?
Why do Son think different (more towards wife) after marriage?
Will I be able to get rid of the narcissist in my life after discovering that I have been married to one for the last 45 years?
Is it wrong to have feelings for your ex even though he is married? How can you get rid of these feelings?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
How can a person leave a person he loves so much if she has developed a chronic disease, and marry someone else? Don't they feel any pain?
My wife has been caught cheating and divorce is about to be finalized. How do I not fail my daughter as a father if I’m not getting custody of her?
Which is the best marriage match site?
What needs to be done if I want to marry Shraddha Kapoor and I'm only 21?
What does the law state for a cruel husband having many affairs and has applied for divorce?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
Is it okay to leave your spouse if you have been miserable with them for a long period of time?
How can you explain the formalities of a traditional Hindu marriage on the basis of science?
According to the Hinduism, is marriage a sin?
What was marriage like during the Middle Ages?
Can Christians perform BDSM if they are married?
What day would you consider to be the most special to you to be married on?
Would my future wife put up with my jealousy if it was only a once a month episode?
How do I overcome from sadness after the death of spouse?
If I get a working holiday visa (IEC) and get married after getting it, do I have to process it again?
With shortage of women in China, why are there not more Chinese men marrying foreign women? Rather, the opposite is true.
Can a Nigerian man marry a German woman?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
Is there a device that let you withdraw blood sample from some one when hes asleep or unaware? Like face-off movie when the wife tried it her husband
Can a man get alimony from his wife?
Can I, as an asexual, marry someone and be close to them without sex (more like a friendship)?
Is there any court ruling in which a separated wife is denied of maintenance from her husband due to her high qualification?
How do you feel when your husband leaves you for his parents?
I am getting married to my long distance boyfriend of 2 years. I am not happy about it and I am unsure. Should I get married so that I don't hurt him?
Should I marry a girl who earns more than me, but behaves like an animal with me? Her behaviour is worse than that of an animal.
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
How can I decode information that my cheating husband has on his S5?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
How do parents who believe in arranged marriage set up their children if the children are unattractive?
Is it possible for a man to marry a lady older than him?
How common is to wife swap between brothers in joint families in India?
After being married, why can you never be "single" again?
How do you relate to your ex-wife?
How do I get a new home for my wife and I, and our son who is disabled, when we have no money?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
What are some ways to come alongside a spouse who was abused as a child? How do you keep this from affecting your marriage?
What news outlets in the US can help a woman expose her ongoing plight with Family Court and her ex-husband?
Have you ever had sex with a married woman?
At what age, generally, does a male doctor get married?
Why do friends change after marriage or after getting a job?
What should I say to a stubborn relative trying to convince me to get married when I want to focus on my studies?
How do I handle when my husband scolds me in front of everyone and I can’t stop crying?
How has too much masturbation affected your married life?
Why do men cheat despite their wives' love and support for them?
Are arranged marriages good or bad?
How much money does a girl need to pay her husband after divorce if she is the sole earner in the family?
Are there any non-Indian girls who like Indian culture and want to marry an Indian guy? In that case, would you settle in India?
Is it ethical for your marriage therapist to start seeing both individuals in the marriage on a one-on-one basis while still in marriage counseling?
I used to be quite an optimist. My husband called me his sugar coater. Life happened and that faded. How can I get back to that attitude?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
What are the signs of a married Muslim guy/man?
Can I date a second cousin once removed?
Why is it so hard to understand a woman, when she is your wife especially?
Inspite of being a dedicated wife, why do I feel the urge to show my love and care for someone other than my husband?
What is the best marriage proposal planner in Singapore?
Do men usually buy their wives something for Mother’s Day?
Are sexually satisfied women less prone to have extramarital affairs?
When and how do I decide that I should go for a divorce and end my 2-year-old marriage?
Will Muslim parents accept their daughter marrying a well-settled Hindu guy?
Why do people change after marriage or after getting a job?
How do closeted men have children with women if they're gay? How do some of them marry women if they have no romantic or sexual feelings for the women?
How can you ignore your husband in an argument?
What do you do if you're having sex with your spouse in the middle of the night and your child comes in?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
Why do people think "Ms." means previously married?
Do you find it humiliating to ask for sex from your wife?
What is the best way to convince modern guys that marriage is useful to them?
Is there a scene in the anime/manga/hiden novels when Kakashi said/implied that he wants to get married?
Did you ever think about marrying your best friend in fear of losing him/her forever?
What should I do? I cannot believe she is asking me to get married.
Whose life is better, a married man's or a bachelor’s?
Do you agree that the police shouldn't accept the cases where the wife petitions for a case in a police station, without an investigation against the husband?
How do I decide whether the person I am meeting for an arranged marriage is the right person for me?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
Can a Gazetted Officer marry a girl of a different religion?
What should I do if the love of my life is going to get married? Her family is quite wealthy and I can't fight them. They have threatened to harm me as well.
What is the marriage rate of developed countries?
Is there an app that can help husbands keep track of their wife's periods, so that we they can make their lives comfortable?
What is one thing you could do today to improve your marriage?
What is a monogamous relationship?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
Is it wrong to reject a guy in an arranged marriage because he had a small penis?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
How can I know if my wife loves me for real?
Can Indian women marry a girl who earns less than her?
Which is the best for bride groom in marraige?
Why do some Malaysians like to ask "when are you going to be married?"
What should I do? My husband has a chance to move to Guangzhou to develop his business, but I am at Xi’an. His leader told him that he can bring me with.
Should I leave my girlfriend who says she might marry someone else if her parents insist?
How many times have you been divorced?
Can a husband take his wife's caste after marriage?
Is look important for marriage?
My friend is going through a bad marriage. Where can she find an affordable psychologist in Toronto?
If the dowry system stops in India, will women and their families stop expecting high salary guys as their groom?
As part of an arranged marriage proposal, I was talking to the guy for the last 4 months. Only now he tells me he doesn't have any feelings for me. What should I do?
How helpful is swallowing semen for my wife?
Why do wives hold back on sex with their husbands but do have sex with other guys?
Are atheists forced to convert to Islam if they marry a Muslim woman in Singapore and Malaysia?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Is it possible to for a civilian doctor to marry a female army officer?
How do I convince my wife that I'm not cheating if I have before?
Under which circumstances should I intervene if a man hits or threatens his girlfriend or wife in public?
Why do men cheat and lie to their wives? If they want to cheat why don't they just tell their wife or leave?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
Do Muslim girls marry Hindu, Christian, Jews etc.?
How can an Indian man marry a British woman?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
Did you​ happen to marry your school or college sweetheart? Share pics if possible.
Is it rape if someone's mom forces him to have sex with his wife?
What are some questions one should ask themself before they get married?
Why would my friend get engaged to be married but not actually get married?
Are there narcissistic husbands who are responsible providers?
Is extramarital affair on a the given condition is right?
Why do most Indian girls look for well-settled boys, even though these girls are not well-settled themselves?
What was Laci Peterson's husband’s name?
If you were a god, would you be okay with five men gambling their wife (polymorous) in a game of poker?
To young married couples, do you have difficulty being married and working/studying at the same time? How do you balance your married life and studies?
When will an AI replace my husband?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
How can a Lebanese Muslim guy marry his Hindu girlfriend in Dubai?
Why was the mut’a marriage system (temporary marriage) formed?
Is it compulsary to change name on all documents of a Hindu girl after getting converted?
Do Indian parents give an equal education and an equal amount of food to their son and their daughter?
Do majority of Arabs still practicing polygamy?
Why is a Hindu bride made to believe that her husband has a god-like status and hence she should bear him whatever the circumstances?
Can there be a nuptial agreement between couples long after marriage? Are they legally valid when needed?
What is it like to be married to a Japanese man?
Why do some people like to see their wives having sex with others?
Why do female narcissist prefer married men?
How can I marry someone like Spartacus?
What is the best plot twist for a story in which a girl is getting married to the person she doesn't like?
If your father is handsome and your mother is ugly, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
How do I handle marriage pressure from parents?
Does women’s libido remain the same with age or there’s some drastic drop after kids are born and many years of marriage?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
Is marriage really a big deal? Its just two people start living together, like flatmates sharing a room.Why so much planning and money involved?
How can I ask her father for her hand in marriage if he is orthodox?
Can my wife flash the room servant?
Can I read my husband’s texts without him knowing?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
One guy is not interesting in sex with his wife. How can we know if he is impotent?
Can H1B1 spouses work?
Is it bad for single people to give advice to married people and vice-versa?
My age is 24. My parents are forcing me for marriage. But I want to work for 1 year. What can I do?
Does sex after marriage really require more effort, or are people exaggerating?
What do you if your partner, who is 20+ years older dies? How do you cope?
Why is calling your husband by his name considered a taboo by some Indian societies?
Can I marry my grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
Did you ever hit your husband with a frying pan?
Why is it that the richer the man, the more likely he would betray his wife by cheating?
What are Jehova Witness marriage laws when a couple separate?
How do I stand up to my narcissistic MIL when I feel I can't be myself around her?
What is love world in terms of a marriage? I’m curious about what everyone thinks.
How do I deal with my wife if she is wasting my whole salary on shopping?
How can people follow Mohammad when it is claimed in his biography that he married his son's wife and got Aisha pregnant when she was just 9?
Do English people get a pre-marriage contract like in America?
What are some of the questions you've to answer yourself before getting married?
How can I stop my wife from being rude and make her visit my parents occasionally?
What are the legalities surrounding Mail Order Brides and Husbands?
I am getting divorced because I was not aware of the severity of my PCOS before and my husband thinks I deceived him. Do I deserve this?
Does a wife that gets beaten by her husband have the ability to exonerate him?
How do I convince my Hindu boyfriend's parents to marry me? I’m a Muslim.
Should getting a divorce be an easy process? What were your experiences?
How does it feel before marriage?
Can I marry my niece? I have a complicated situation.
Can I marry my paternal grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
Will Rana Daggubati marry a Maharashtrian girl?
Is it illegal to follow your husband to find the girl he is having an affair with? I am from TN, India. He complained to police that I am following him.
How can I prevent my husband from cheating on me and the kids?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
How do you and your spouse see your future together? Are your expectations the same or different?
How would I be able to marry my Sunni Muslim girlfriend of Egyptian heritage when I myself am a white Christian?
What is the science behind women changing their surname after marriage?
Do Filipino women date/marry uncircumcised men?
How do I marry a United States girl?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
Why do people give importance to dating or marriage as if one would die without those?
In India, in an interracial marriage, what happens with dowry and wedding expenses?
Why are Indian men pushy about celebrating Diwali at his house post marriage?
Are there any interfaith love marriage stories in India?
What does it feel like when you begin having sex just after you get married?
How do I get a court marriage done in Delhi?
How does marriage work in Poland?
For same-sex couples in conservative countries which do not consider your status as a couple, do you ever feel hopeless in your future?
How does it feel to marry your first cousin whom you never liked nor thought about it in your wildest of dreams?
What are the things other than virginity that I must see in the girl that I am going to marry?
Is it good to wait for marriage until you're financially free?
I am 20 years old and I completed my graduation. When should I marry my girlfriend?
Do you help your wife with housechores? Does your husband help you with housechores?
Why and in what way do financial hardships cause marriages to fall apart?
Will Pakistanis break the tradition of marrying their own sisters and brothers?
What would be the new talaq and marriage laws under the uniform civil court (in India)?
Is dating married women without doing sexual intercourse comes under adultery in Indian law?
Have you ever caught any wife/husband doing a childish activity?
What qualities are considered by modern Indonesian men when it comes to marriage?
Is it ok to marry an ex who got a divorce after a marriage of 10 days?
Is it normal to obsess over your husband's ex when there is nothing going on between them?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
What will my wife get when we divorce after 3 months of marriage?
Can marriage help to attain enlightenment?
What kinds of gifts are good for grooms and brides?
How do I mention my zodiac preferences for match compatibility in my matrimonial profile (India)?
How do I get over the guilty feeling that I have since I decided to live in a separate house than my parents in same city for my wife?
How does gay marriage differ from straight marriage?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Is it possible to get genital warts if you have been faithfully married to the same person for 10 years?
My husband gifted me a very beautiful and expensive bra he bought from Australia. It's slightly bigger for me. What can I do to make it fit me?
What exactly is a Jocosta complex? Are there any real life examples of such a fixation?
How should I deal with divorced parents and court?
What do girls want their husband to be like?
How does a King get married?
This 27-year-old married woman named PK secretly hangs out with Ray, a 54-year-old man every day, while her husband is at work. Is PK cheating? Is it wrong for a married woman to do that?
As a PR, can you sponsor your elder brother to Canada even though you are married with a kid?
I’m 24 and my 18-year-old boyfriend wants a child. I have one already, and we want to get married. Should we have one? I think we will be very happy and good.
How can a girl from a low caste convince her high caste boyfriend to get married, with parents’ permission?
Should a Canadian marry a girl with an asylum visa in the USA?
What should I do if I find out that my husband is using cocaine?
Do Indian Muslim men support polygamy? If yes, why?
How do marriages promote morals in Islam, when divorces are rampant? Women end up with many husbands and unwanted children and are worse than prostitutes.
What procedure is necessary to get married to a Filipino lady in the Philippines and how long?
How is married life for a female IFS officer?
How do I convince my wife to have sex with me?
Can a Telugu guy marry a Malayali girl?
Would you be willing to forgive your spouse if he/she had sex with another person, though it could be termed accidental?
Why in Islam is marriage a legal contract between two persons, while divorce or triple talaq is a matter of faith and based on religious beliefs?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
How do I get over a divorce from a serial liar?
Why is intercaste marriage so important compared to ideal marriage?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
How do I find a Muslim revert to marry in the USA?
Why are some wives so reluctant towards sex and deny indulging in it very often?
The person with the most influence on a person is their spouse. Why is there not a requirement for POTUS's spouse to also be a natural-born American?
Should I be involved with married women?
Is it possible​ for me to marry​ a Pakistani girl on today's​ date?
Would any housewife allow her husband to be a cross-dresser?
Do prenuptial agreements also include not getting any insurance benefits after the death of the partner?
Is it true Shias can temporarily marry their mothers in the tradition of Mutah?
Why would my sister want my husband and me to sleep in separate rooms when we visit her?
Is it weird to have sex with a woman who has kids and a husband?
Is waiting to have sex until marriage a waste of time in life?
Why am I always trying to catch my wife doing me wrong?
What kind of questions should be asked during the first meeting for an arranged marriage?
What are the names of Baahubali’s wife and children?
Can anyone say that it was understandable why they cheated on their spouse?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why would a guy you are casually seeing talk about marrying you?
My boyfriend lets his married friend use his apartment to cheat on his wife. Does that mean he'll cheat on me?
He's been separated for nearly one year and has yet to be divorced. When is it okay to couple up?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
Was it necessary for Robb Stark to marry Talisa when he did? Couldn’t he have just waited and broke the Frey alliance after their victory?
Which is the best dress for an Indian bride?
Is a woman eligible for maintenance and alimony in an ex parte divorce?
How does marrying within one’s own community or within relations differ from marrying one’s own sister or brother?
What do you do when you believe your husband is cheating?
My husband doesn't like my family to come home. What should I do now?
What are the consequences of one who witnesses a court marriage in India?
What would you do? I found out that my husband lied directly to my face about going off to photograph nude models.
How do I pick someone on matrimonial sites when there are so many of them?
Would a county clerk be committing an ethical breach by issuing a marriage license to an of-age person who didn't appear to be of sound mind?
Can a Karnataka guy marry a Bengali girl?
I am in my early sixties, and relocated after divorcing my abusive husband. I feel broken and weary. How do I pick myself up? What did you do?
Do Indian girls reject boys older than than 30 years old for arranged marriages more than younger ones?
What are the remedies for an incompatible marriage, astrologically?
What is the right of a wife to a husband's property?
Why didn’t my narcissistic husband want to make love to me?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
What does it say in Islam about sex before marriage?
Can a Japanese empress marry a European royal and remain her position in Japan?
Should I marry this 40-year-old colleague of mine? He is perfect for me. I took a lot of time to decide that. The only concern is age. I am 26 years old.
How do I find out if my wife is cheating on me on her phone?
Are love marriages less successful than arranged marriages in Indian Muslims?
Can I have two wives?
Should one inform a person of their spouse's infidelity?
Can you ask for a marriage annulment instead of a divorce in California?
What is the best way to catch my wife cheating?
Why do celebrities marriages work?
How many girls’ parents had health issues when their daughter married a Muslim guy in India?
How do I explain to my wife that I do not want my kids to attend church until they are able to make up their own mind?
Why can the Chief Rabbinical Court in Israel still have jurisdiction over civil-married Jewish couples on their divorce? What is the jurisprudence?
How should I ask a woman to adjust her habits post-marriage?
Which man should I marry: the one I love or the one who loves me?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
How do the women in a polygamous type of marriage feel?
Does the Matsya Purana authorise a husband to beat his erring wife with a rope or split bamboo?
What are the pros and cons of a 23-year-old woman marrying a 38-year-old man?
What is the divorce law in Australia? Who does get the assets?
Why do married men feel regret about their marriage?
Are there any special benefits if HCL employees married each other?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
Does a software engineer become a sadist after marriage?
What is it like seeing your wife naked for the first time?
How do I get my husband to sleep in the same room with me?
How long does it take for Indian men and women to convince their parents and let them get married? Has anyone experienced 10 years or more?
What if we love a married guy with one child?
What are the disadvantages of marriage with over 15 years older women?
What are the perks of marrying a virgin bride?
My 33 year old son doesn't want to get married or have kids because he has high myopia (-5). What should I do as an Indian mom?
How can an Indian boy on a tourist visa marry a Polish girl in Poland?
Why are women not against alimony?
What are the signs if a Muslim guy/boy/man is married or has already had a wife?
Does love decrease between a couple after they have children?
What is the online marriage procedure in Pakistan?
If a married person pretends he’s not married and dated a girl, what is the provision in our law against such cases?
Is it possible to guarantee your wife does not get a previously owned house after a divorce other than a pre-nup (California)?
What is the best way to look up marriage records?
Where is Arya Samaj in Kozhikode, Kerala? Is a marriage certificate from there valid?
My husband always puts his parents and young brother and sister before me and his 2 children. What should I do?
How do I satisfy myself sexually when my husband is not as much into sex as me?
What was Patton Oswalt's tweet about his wife and his daughter's resemblance?
What kind of arguments would come from an Unhealthy entp married to an unhealthy istj?
Do married couples have to be resident in the same place?
Can someone who had multiple relations in the past be a good wife?
What are the ways to find a husband who is imperfectly perfect for someone?
Are the horoscopes of the bride-to be and the groom-to-be matched among Muslims of India?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
How is marriage helpful in a country’s development?
My sister has been married for 3 years and still has no kids, why is this, I feel so bad for her?
What should you do when someone makes a promise to marry you and breaks it giving a silly reason?
How do I know when it’s time for a divorce?
How do I get married under the special marriage act without my parents' knowledge? Some say a notice is sent on the address provided. Is it true?
What is the darkest secret of your married life?
Have you hidden anything from your husband?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
Why do women lose interest in sex after marriage?
How do you regard your marriage?
Is it healthy to be in a relationship or get married to someone with the same age?
What would it be like if I got married to my mother's niece? Are there any negative effects?
What if my brother filed a divorce case against her wife? We are fed up of her cruelty. What kind of proofs should we collect?
What is life like being married to an engineer?
What if your boyfriend rejects to marry you because you can't become a mother?
As a woman, what qualities do you need to be present in your husband?
Why don’t some Indians want to get married?
Should I get a divorce because my wife hates to have sex with me? It makes me feel awful about myself.
Why is infidelity so common? What do we expect from our partners?
How do I advise my son about an international marriage from an older girl?
Should I turn to religion if I am unable to get married?
What do you mean by the divorce which is held by mutual understanding in India?
What is the best way to track your wife with out her knowing?
My husband have 5 girls with his previous wife and I have 1 girl from my previous marriage. Is it possible for us to have a son?
How can a married woman convince her family to let her work outside the home?
Is it ok for a groom to call his father-in-law as father?
What will be better in the long run: appeasement of parents and agreeing to marriage based on caste or a love marriage against family wishes?
Are introverts fit for marriage?
What do I do when my wife hits me?
How can I meet a Kashmiri girl for mut’ah marriage during a Kashmir vacation?
Why does my husband insist on sex through my mouth only?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
What was it like divorcing with kids?
Should I marry a person who had sex with multiple partners?
When will the Indian society accept that it is okay for a person to not get married?
How do you know if your wife is faithful or not?
Is waiting for one’s own arranged marriage a kind of disability? Is it right to ask someone to find someone for me?
What are the most funniest moments you had while the boys family came to your house for marriage proposal?
Are zodiac signs important in marriage?
Why does my husband always seem to take my feelings and make them about his?
If marrying more than one woman is forbidden in the West, could you have children with several mistresses all while living in one house?
John Doe is buying a new home and has been separated from his ex-wife for two years now. John Doe has separate income taxes. Can his ex-wife come after his new home?
Is órfi marriage legal in UAE? Does Ali AlShamsi know?
Can the Menon and Ghosh cast get married?
What should I do if I have a wife, who gets angry for some small issue, and persuading her is super hard and ends like a revengeful event?
If a Christian woman wants to marry a Tunisian male in Tunisia, would the woman have to convert to Islam?
Are marriages without a proper courtship period doomed to fail?
Do you think you should wait to get married until you have a steady income?
Do you think I should continue with my boyfriend in this case? He doesn't want to get married, but I am a Catholic and I have to get married to have children.
Does a Muslim girl stand a chance of marrying a Korean guy?
Will you marry an idiot if he is rich?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
What happens when a person’s behavior changes from normal before marriage, to abnormal after marriage, and the person sees everyone in a negative light? Why is this?
After marriage, my husband has had a relationship with her. What should I do?
What will happen if a divorce case in India results in a stalemate?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
What is child marriage called?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
Is the offspring of arranged marriages more or less healthy than from love relationships?
Is it true that in India a man still cannot marry outside his caste without being a disgrace to his whole family?
Is it ok to continue casual sex with my brother in law even after his engagement, without affecting his marriage or personal life?
What kind of a husband should we think of?
What experiences have people had where they were rejected by girls for love/marriage despite being ruthlessly honest with them?
Is it wrong for a person to desire that his future wife looks pretty?
If you are married, what is the longest you have gone without sex?
Is there an essay that talks about the theme of ''love and marriage'' in the world?
How many of us married a spouse we never loved?
Can I marry an orphan girl in Delhi?
Am I a messed up person for thinking about seeing other women because my wife denies me sex when she's tired?
How do you know if you're being cheated on by your spouse?
If you are a girl who got married and had a kid, is your kid more important to you or your husband?
How did you know it was time to get engaged?
Shall I marry a feminist?
When will gay marriage be legalized in Indonesia?
Is there any registry of triplets marrying triplets?
I am having an arranged marriage and I find my fiancé too hairy. Is it too shallow or silly on my part?
She was everything I had. We were in a long term relationship and on the verge of marriage. Now we are not together. How do I deal with this?
How can I know the history of my husband’s account?
What is the best way to deal with a friend who confides in you about her extra marital affair?
How many of you are stuck in a bad marriage and what is your story?
Are there any married couples with same Gothra having healthy kids or with genetic defects?
Do you think you should pay off your financial debts before you marry or shoulder them with your spouse?
Can a wife without any children even after 9 years of marriage claim maintenance from her husband?
Why do girls get married at the age of 16 years old in old movies?
What is the average age for a Muslim girl to get married in India?
What if a marriage is in the 6th house with Venus and the Sun in the Taurus sign? Would the marriage happen or no?
How can I let go of my personal insecurities to help improve my marriage?
What was the age of Sitaji when she was married?
Why isn't my beautiful wife good enough for me?
Is it normal to not like your mother-in-law at all?
Can I marry an army officer when I was a doctor?
Why is marriage necessary for a man and a woman, logically?
Can a person who got married in India and divorced in the US marry again in the US (to an Indian) and file for her dependent visa in India?
Is it okay to have sex before marriage in Pakistan?
Why is marriage a necessity in India?
What were the changes that marriage brought by?
If you are a man, would you marry a superwoman?
Is Vivekananda married?
Are Indian brothers okay with their sisters having physical relations with boyfriends before marriage? How do you feel? You may go anonymous and ans.
Can a non-Christian guy marry a Christian girl in India?
How is the conversation between a guy and a girl, who are meeting for the first time, for an arrange marriage?
How is the life of a Indian navy officer’s wife whose husband is a Lieutenant?
What's it like to be a second wife, in secret?
How can my spouse accompany me to Canada after we are married?
Does the divorce law in Bangladesh need improvement?
Do conservative Christians have sex before marriage?
What percentage of married women would be open to a hot wife/cuckold relationship? Do you have any thoughts?
What are 3 pieces of advice I'll need when I get married?
Is earning a 15 lac CTC at the age of 35 sufficient in Delhi-NCR? I am married and have one son. I personally feel it's much less.
Which is the best online Tamil marriage match site?
How do you handle finances in your marriage?
What should I do with my husband when he suggests that I sell myself for sex to make some quick money?
Why is it so hard to communicate with my husband?
Is sex important in a marriage?
Is it required for ladies to get their names changed (gazette) after marriage and during a fresh passport application?
Should I say yes to an arranged marriage with a guy who earns half of what I earn?
What is it like to be married to a scientist?
What are some examples of mistakes girls have made throughout their marriage, starting from the beginning (related to their partner, in laws & parents)?
Do divorced couples remember Mother's Day if they have children together?
Who cheats or lies more after marriage, a husband or a wife?
Did marriage clear all my doubts?
How can I spend time with my wife in Andaman?
Will intelligent women ever be taken professionally serious when the beautiful among them keep marrying wealthy men into a life of leisure?
Why did my girlfriend leave me after my marriage?
Was Radha happy after her marriage?
What does an officer at USCIS know, or can find out, about you before a marriage interview?
Is it better to go to an attorney when getting or divorce or should you try to work out a oral agreement? Can you trust the other party?
What is the trending fashion in marriage?
Why is sex a big issue in India? People say, "You should not lose your virginity before marriage." Is that a myth?
What things should you discuss with your to-be partner before marriage?
Is it possible to have 2 maid of honors?
Why do mothers change their perspective towards their married son?
Are men in industrialized cultures really as much manipulated by women as suggested by Esther Vilar in her book "The Manipulated Man"?
In India, what legal ways can a husband use to handle a criminal wife?
Is it realistic for me to desire marrying a very intelligent man if I'm not overly intelligent myself? I find it so attractive and I want to learn.
Am I allowed to have a lot of sex with my wife when I get married according to the Bhagavad Gita?
Is it unrealistic to leave an unhappy marriage of 33 years hoping to experience love and intimacy in the latter years of your life?
What will you do if your prospective wife cheats and lie a lot under the protection of some her family and friends?
Why is a “no reply” email account sending me mails relating to a matrimonial site?
Is it as lonely as people say to never get married or even date people?
If you are the husband/wife of a psychologist or any professional whose work is related to psychology, what is your life like?
Which movie wife loves her husband the most?
Why don’t some marriages last?
How often do older couples have sex?
Would you answer this question if your husband asked: "which of your male friends qualifies to be your husband if we hadn't met?”
When did you say OK to your parents to start looking for marriage proposals?
Why are extramarital affairs on the rise in India?
In India, can we marry another woman whose divorce case is still pending?
If a virgin woman loves a married man very much then its her mistake?
Why do married men get attracted to married women?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Is someone 21 years, 7 months old eligible to register a marriage?
What dowry should a 28-year-old north Indian Brahmin boy demand from the prospective bride?
What are your and your spouse's occupations, and are they important to your marriage?
Should I convert from Catholicism to Islam in order to marry my Muslim boyfriend so we could have better rights in the UAE and Middle East?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
Is it ok to marry a person who is having a hole in the heart?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
How do I check Life 360 to see if my husband is faking his location?
What do you do if your boyfriend begs you to be his wife at the age of 25?
How did Ali Alshamsi meet his wife?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a handjob?
How do you know if it's the end of your marriage, or you're just going through a rough patch?
How can I marry a doctor?
If you only have daughters, would it mean the end of your family name?
Would you accept it if your spouse had sex with another person, albeit accidentally?
What are Indian girls looking for these days in initial check for arranged marriage (Delhi)?
Married people of Quora, your spouse turns into a duck. How do you make your marriage succeed?
Richard I's sister marrying Saladin's brother was discussed during the 3rd Crusade negotiations. What might have happened had they gone through with it?
Why do Christians who use the religious sanctity of marriage argument against gay marriage think heterosexual civil marriage marriage is okay?
What do you think about love marriage and arranged marriage?
My father had an extra marital affair with his friend’s wife who is now a widow. My mother passed away from a prolonged health ailment. Is there a legal remedy for me?
Are spinsters (childless women who have never married) the minority?
Why do most brides sell their wedding gowns after marriage?
Why can’t an unmarried man marry a girl who is a divorcee?
Can Priyanka Chopra marry a poor person like me?
Should I give myself a break if I have plans to get married?
What is the meaning of “It's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
If you're married to this man, and he's never introduced you to his family, yet his ex talks to the family members, should you feel safe in the marriage?
What are some difficult situations you've dealt with married to a US Marine?
Do couples have to undergo a minimum number of marriage counselling sessions before divorce is granted?
What is the most challenging issue in marrying an average Japanese girl regardless of language barrier?
How does a girl see the wedding night before expreriencing it? How about after? What does she actually want?
What would be a core and logical point to consider for a husband or a wife before taking a decision to divorce or separate after their 25 years of marital life?
How do you win back the custody of your kids when your spouse has moved to another country with the kids?
How many Indian men would be ready to marry a divorcee with a kid?
Why do Indian aunties and uncles ask about getting married to every relative’s son or daughter at parties or family gatherings?
What are the hurdles in an inter-caste marriage, in India, among Hindus, now in 2017?
Were marriage solemnization laws stricter at one time that the officiant had to be either a religious leader (priest/minister/rabbi) or a judge?
How should I get out of a marriage that was based on fraud? I married my husband to get over my ex.
If someone were to marry conjoined twins, would it be considered polygamy?
How tall are you and your spouse?
Does Pakistan follow triple talak (Muslim men can divorce their wives by saying divorce 3 times)?
Can I get married and do a separate filing secretly without my parents finding out? My dad handles my taxes, so would he notice anything?
How often do most married couples in their 20s have sex, and how frequently should they to keep both parties happy?
How do you do when your wife always complain about your low salary and weak ability?
Why is it that people in love (husband/wife, girlfriend/boyfriend) have similar noses?
Is the King of Norway affected by the Royal Marriages Act of 1772?
What do we call a man whose wife is alive in Hindi?
Why did Ned's sister have to marry a Targaryen?
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
How do we know about an unknown person’s married status?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
How long were you with your partner before you decided to get married?
Where can you find a man that actually wants to get married and be a father?
When will I get married? My self Krishna dob: - 25-02-1993,11:31pm,Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
Would you marry someone who has a lower salary than you?
Can a Hindu marry his mother's father's sister's daughter's daughter?
How can a Jew and Catholic wed if neither faith allows interfaith marriages?
Do I need to get a hair transplant done just for an arranged marriage?
Why aren't people monogamous?
What is the proper procedure for obtaining a marriage certificate in Pune?
Are Indians overly obsessed with marriage?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
Why is a manglik bride interested in a manglik groom ?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
I found my husband on the sex dating site JustBangMe. He said he was just curious if anyone would reply. Is he telling the truth?
Does an Indian woman have the right to leave her husband on the grounds of mental abuse, which she has no proof of?
Is ghost marriage real?
What predictions can be made about my marriage and career?
When a promiscuous woman is caught cheating, why does she start blaming her lover for the affair in front of her husband?
How do I control temper?
What do you do when your husband always thinks that you're lying?
How can someone not realise their partner's abusive & controlling nature before marriage?
How do I make my husband understand that his parents are playing an evil drama to separate both of us?
Are parents always right when saying that their daughter should get married after age 25?
What are some bad examples of failed love marriage in India, and why?
Is it right to get a divorce? Won't it affect others?
How do husbands feel in the company of beautiful wives?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
How did you cope as a teenager when you found out your mother might be having an extramarital affair?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
Why do siblings change after marriage?
I feel as though I will never get married because of who I am. So, my question is what is the best way to embrace a life of loneliness?
Marriage
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
Why are marriages between cousins allowed in Islam?
Why do girls demand higher salary expectations from groom?
How often do you contemplate your future wife/husband?
What should I say to a guy who wants me to be his girlfriend when he is about to get married in a couple of weeks?
Will Hindu society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
Can a marriage be enjoyed without sexual intercourse?
Should I quit my PhD to marry?
Do Indian women cheat on their husbands?
What does it mean if your husband cannot tell you how he feels about you?
How long should I wait before trying to date the man I am interested in? His wife left him in February.
How can I get a divorce without giving my wife a cent when there are no kids involved?
How do I handle finding out that my husband slanders me on online forums yet acts so nice when he's with me in person?
Are men in India willing to date/marry a single mom?
Will a girl on Quora marry a boy who don't speak English?
In India, do arranged married couples have sex on their honeymoon?
Is it normal for a young (24) married man to want to have sex with other women?
How can a wife get away from an abusive husband?
What do Indian guys expect from their future wife?
Do you regret your marriage?
In a hypothetical situation, if Kejriwal and Mamata got married, what would be the situation in India?
Why do girls prefer bikes before marriage and cars after marriage?
Why did you want to marry a person from a different country, or even different continent?
What is the best word that a husband can tell to his wife?
What percentage of Muslim men have multiple wives?
What are the boundaries people should know about each other when they are in relationship or married?
What is the difference between an Indian husband and that of western husbands?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
What's are the differences among a civil union, domestic partnership, and a marriage?
How do Americans see divorce?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
What is the point of wedding jumpsuits?
How did Antoine Lavoisier’s wife contribute to his success?
If Muslims can marry and have love affairs with their cousins, then how come Behn****d is a cuss word among Pakistanis?
What is the best UK site for horny wives?
How long does it take to get the reissue of a marriage certificate done for the permanent visa purpose?
What should I do if my mother-in-law treats me disrespectfully (and my husband doesn't believe me)?
Why is it wrong to have intercourse with another man's wife?
Did you find the love of your life on a matrimonial site?
What is some good advice for a newly-married girl regarding sex?
Do Jews have a problem with Esther marrying a gentile? If not, why not?
Will any girl marry a boy having Cerebral Palsy and not able to walk properly?
What factors should one consider before the marriage of a daughter?
What is a husband who hasn't had a child with a woman suppose to do on Mother's Day if she has a grown child?
What are the pros and cons of no sex before marriage?
Are same-sex couples discriminated against in green card marriage applications and interviews?
Would a mainstream Muslim woman want to marry me when I am a Gulenist Muslim man?
Do Chinese men still prefer to marry virgins?
Life after a divorce needs encouraging ideas. What are they?
Do you think I can get well-protected eyes to help spy on my wife?
What will life be like after marriage?
Why are Japanese people ever less interested in sex, dating, marriage and reproduction?
When it comes to arranged marriages, is it fine to hide information about their past relationships, physical relations, and virginity and about their past before the marriage?
Did Aamir Khan use triple talaq when he divorced his first wife, Reena?
How did you survive a divorce?
A friend in India wants to divorce his wife of 5 years. They have a kid and have been living separately this past year. Is it advisable to file for divorce?
How do I live up to my full potential without causing my spouse to feel inferior?
How will be my career and married life (DOB: 10 Jan 93, 12:35 p.m, Calcutta)?
Don't you think Indian wives are more devoted to their husbands as compare to the devotion of husband towards his wife?
What does Islam say about pre-marital sex with one's spouse? What's the punishment prescribed for it?
Is the best thing to do to divorce your spouse if you are living separate lives?
Is it alright to expect my husband to share his passwords with me? I have told him all of mine.
Which is the best site to check GSB divorcee brides?
Supporting your husband’s crossdressing when he goes out to a TG night club, what can happen?
Would you answer if your husband asks you "which of your male friends would you marry if we hadn't met"?
What does an Indian girl want from her husband?
How can I get back the stridhan if husband and inlaws Deny?
How do I make my wife happy if she lives in another state?
Are women really attracted to their husbands after marriage?
Can you keep your SSDI when you get married?
Are you an old husband married to a young wife?
What should I ask my partner in an arranged marriage first meet as a guy?
What is a good idea for a 7 years of marriage gift?
Will a narcissistic/psychopathic ex husband ruin any future relationships I try to have?
My wife's priority is having kids rather than caring about her own future. What should I do?
Why did Shivagami marry Bijjaldeva?
Would the people in the west like to practice horoscope matching for increasing the success rate of marriage?
How do I get married to Prabhas?
Why do the women in unhappy marriages use the "I'm staying for the children" excuse?
How likely would you be to cheat on your spouse?
My wife eloped with her boyfriend taking our son. Now she is filing divorce. What should I do to get her back. Any Indian law regarding this?
Do you tell your husband when you have an orgasm?
Can a Sayed marry a non-Muslim?
What are the best ways for a husband and wife, with decades of experience, to secure financing for a hotel purchase?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Do you believe in the sanctity of marriage?
What can I do to let my husband know that I will change for the better?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
How do you deal with someone who doesn't seem to have a heart in a relationship?
Can you suggest a plot twist for a story in which a girl is marrying a boy she doesn't want to marry?
What is the law in the Indian Constitution for divorce?
Am I a selfish man if I divorce my wife because she is not interested in sex at all?
What are your thoughts on the ages of girls being allowed to marry as per the Child Marriage Act?
What is the ideal age to get married as a girl?
Why do the people of India think sex is a big deal, not allowing sex before marriage?
Why does an extramarital affair happen after marriage?
Should a girl tell a boy before they get married that she can’t be a mother or should she let time decide?
How come my fiancé doesn't want to get married now?
If a heterosexual married couple does not want to have kids, can they still have a healthy and happy sex life?
After 13 years of marriage, and with 3 children, is it the right decision to ask for a divorce because of a lack of understanding with your spouse?
What is the best gift I can get for my wife?
How is life being married to a German man, as a black woman?
Is Prabhas going to marry Anushka Shetty?
What questions should I be asking my future wife?
Why can’t a man live without his family?
Would you marry a transsexual woman?
How much does hiring a detective for pre-marriage investigation costs?
What's the best way to deal with in-laws interference that is spoiling one's married life?
What will happen to a marriage if the UCC is adopted?
What is the most unrewarding chore that one does for their spouse?
What are common problems men face with their wives after marriage?
Why do Hindu girls hate Hindu boys?
Is a SC certificate valid after marriage?
What are all the documents in India where the post-marriage spouse name should be included?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
If you are a child born out of an arranged marriage scenario in India, are your parents happily married or stay together in an abusive marriage?
If I get married to a US citizen, can I travel outside of the US if my i-130 and i-485 are pending?
I am a resident of Delhi and got married on 3rd May 2017; we are now about to register the marriage. What is the procedure for a name change?
What is the deep meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Why does a roll for sleep in a bedroom have another name, which is 'Dutch wife'?
What are the perks of marrying a village girl?
Can one get married in The Palace of Versailles?
Can you justify an affair because your husband has prostate issues and is impotent?
Is a marriage where one partner believes that the other partner is completely at fault, salvageable?
What are your predictions about career and marriage for a male born on 20 November 1988 at 8:45 PM at Mandla (Madhya Pradesh)?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian girls to lead a good married life?
How do I marry an inter-caste girl?
Why are 36 year old, unmarried females with kids still single and not married?
What are your views of arranged-marriage culture in India?
How do the children of a broken marriage perceive life?
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
How can we get a good spouse?
Can a court make someone pay spousal support if a prenuptial agreement explicitly does not allow it?
As a feminist Indian women, can you elaborate on your experience in dating Indian men or meeting prospective grooms for an arranged marriage?
What's the worst that can happen in India if I ask my wife to sign a prenup before marriage?
In some communities, are gay or lesbian people forced into relationships/marriages?
If you're a married person, is hugging someone other than your spouse or family taboo?
How do I handle a domineering wife?
Can I have a boyfriend while I’m waiting for my divorce?
Have you ever thought you should have married your spouse’s sibling instead?
Is a Canadian student visa better for a single person or a married person?
Why do men even get married when they can't be satisfied and they can't stay faithful?
How does anyone reject a girl for marriage just because she has her own dreams & ambitions, and feels caring and responsible towards her family?
How long do you talk to a girl before getting married in the Indian arranged marriage system?
Why do so many young boys think confession is how you get a girlfriend?
One of the banquets and conventions center guys asked me for a 15% service tax. Is this right for a marriage?
What problems did you have with your partner after having kids?
Henry is famous for killing wives, but, also, for what else?
What is the longest time you have ever gone without sexual intercourse with your spouse?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
How did divorce affect you? How do you look back at your previous marriage and ex-spouse?
How do you rebuild trust in a marriage relationship after it has been broken?
How should I tell my parents that I'm not ready to get married?
How should I deal with a narcissistic husband?
In Canada, can you reopen a divorce settlement regarding alimony and its time period?
If asked today, would your spouse say he or she feels your love and acceptance? Why or why not?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
To what extent will a narcissist go to punish the spouse while going through a messy divorce?
How does it feel to be divorced at 40?
How should I ask my future wife for sex?
Should a girl keep quite even her husband abuses her verbally and physically? And his family supports him for his anger.
How does it feel to marry your teacher?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
My 1st husband just told me that he cheated on me with several women during our marriage. I am hurt. What can I say to him to make him feel bad?
Should an unsuccessful person marry, a person who has failed to chase his dreams?
How did you convince your parents to let you marry your love?
What should you do when your spouse says "what a waste of 30 years, being ​with you"?
Is a Hindu divorce in the village valid in court?
Is it wrong to not accompany my wife to her dad's house for a visit? I have to get up at 2am for work and she wants to go to her dad's at 7pm.
What visa does a Sri Lankan citizen need to apply for to be able to marry or study in India?
Will I ever get a new wife in the future?
Should I trust that my fiance will get rid of his renters for me to move in as his wife?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
How much I need to pay to become a bride in BBB with Sabyasachi?
How many marriages can a Muslim have? Is he allowed to have four wives?
What should you do if your friend's marriage is falling apart and they decided to cheat on their partner and you don't really know their partner?
Who would you marry, a super rich businessman or a diplomat?
Why should I stay alone & not get married?
Being married man/woman, if you enconter your husband/wife with his/her ex confessing true love, what would be your next step?
How can marriages last when the spouse has a temper?
What's the best method of letting go of the idea of marrying only a certain type of race, gender, and look?
Is it okay to have an age difference of 10 years with your husband?
Why is my wife self exploitative and what should I do?
Why didn't Bhalal Dev get married in Bahubali 2?
Why do older Indian/Asian husbands walk so far ahead of their wives down the street?
What is it like to marry a rationalist? I am an extremely emotional person.
How do you judge if a man is really interested in getting married if you are looking for an arranged marriage?
In how much time a guy can be sure if he wants to marry the girl. The girl does not have much time as in age, so is looking for options?
How would you know if the one you are dating is going to be your future spouse?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
Many metaphors in poems of Li Bai, physical transformation, dream state, arranged marriage, royal military procession. Which one resonates with you?
I live in a joint family and I hate my mother-in-law. Shall I divorce my husband and get free from her?
What do I do if my wife is lazy in bed?
How do I convince a girl's parents for marriage when our horoscope don't match?
What was your parents’ reaction when you told them that you have a girlfriend that you want to marry?
As a Hindu, I want to marry for a second time without divorcing my first wife. Is converting to Islam for namesake the only recourse for me?
When is a marriage not a marriage (considering the sex, sacrament and contract in a Hindu marriage)?
How does it feel when you see the woman of the house go to work whereas the man does housework?
Do men prefer working wives nowadays?
Is forced incestuous arranged marriage in India legal?
What are mature married women thinking about while masturbating?
Why would have Sivagami married BijjalDeva?
How does a boyfriend or husband feel about their menstruating partner?
What's it feel like to be divorced from your wife? Do you two still talk to each other?
How do married friends date?
Why is it so common for U.S. Americans to get married several times?
Why does a husband stay angry at wife when he is the one who hurts her?
Do wealthy married couples really need life insurance when their net worth exceeds $5m and half of it is in liquid assets?
How does a lover change after marriage?
Should my wife refuse to share her dress with a new friend who has asked her for it?
Why is my husband abusing me every day?
How does divorce feel in India?
What are some useful books to get advice on interracial marriages?
How do you end a 30 yr marriage before you start hating each other?
Why do some Indian women choose to come on an H4 visa after getting married?
Does someone have to get divorced in the same country where they got married?
Why do girls let themselves get pregnant without being married?
My brother in law fucks me almost daily. Should I tell this to a friend who is interested in marrying him?
As for a woman, when is the best time to get married and have a kid?
Have you lost a spouse or significant other to an interoffice romance?
What's your divorce story?
Would Gordon Miller marry Ali Al Shamsi?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
In an arranged marriage, how can the man understand the woman in 5-to-10 minutes? What is even the same question for the woman?
I plan to get a cat. What are the important things to know before getting one?
Why has my narcissist husband gone no contact with me?
What does it mean when a guy asks you when are you going to get married?
What are the best ways for a South Indian guy to get an arranged marriage without parental support?
Do you think Indonesian people ready to hear that a woman don't want to get married for the rest of her life?
Are there any experienced divorce attorney in Utah who can handle the divorce case professionally?
Is it wrong to marry someone’s husband?
Is there is secret behind marriage?
Does pickle decrease love between spouses?
Is it good to wait for marriage until you're financially capable?
Is monogamy a weakness? Will polyamory be the future?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
Why would a man lie to his friends about who asked for your divorce?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Why do people still divorce when they have lived together for a long time before they got married?
Why does a married woman give more priority to her husband's family than her own family?
How do I convenience my parents to agree to a love marriage for me?
How common is it for a married couple to be completely celibate?
What if your parents are on the verge of divorce and you have your exams going on? I can’t focus and I get stressed all the time, even over minor stuff.
Can maintenance be more than what was earned during the marriage?
Are unmarried girls ready to marry young divorced men without kids?
Why don’t Indians think about making women self-dependent and treating them equally to sons at birth instead of thinking in terms of reducing them to maintenance or wives?
If a husband smacks the fear of God into his wife, does that show love or respect for her?
Is it okay to ask your spouse for a sexual relationship in your marriage?
What site can one get rich guys to marry?
Why sleeping with someone's wife so cool?
I'm 29 years old and have been married for 4.5 years. What should our net worth be at this point in life?
Is it okay if there is a 12 year age difference between a husband and his wife?
My last relationship ended a year ago. We were engaged and supposed to be married this month. Why do I still feel emotionally numb?
Will the Roman Catholic Church allow a marriage between a Christian guy and a Hindu girl without any conversion?
What are women's experiences of sex outside of marriage?
If you had to marry a celebrity who was the opposite of the gender you’re normally attracted to, who would you pick?
If a scheduled caste girl gets married into a Brahmin family, will her family get reservations in the future?
Can a stable society exist where every man is a king and his vassals are his fists?
How do I respond when my husband says his "life is shit"?
How should a husband handle a wife who is too stingy while earning equal salaries?
My husband wants myself and our daughter to stay away from him for the sake of making money. Is that a right attitude?
What can we do to maintain attraction even after marriage?
What are the truths hidden from your husband?
Is child marriage illegal in India?
Fellow women, at what age did you accept that you likely were never going to become famous or marry the celebrity crush of your teenage years?
Why is it said that it's a husband's duty to feed his wife and protect her? Why never the other way? Are husband's just worker bees and bodyguards?
Can I marry my maternal aunt's sister while being in a Hindu family?
How can you convince the groom's family it's not fair to ask for a dowry?
Do Saradars marry Bengali girls?
What should I do so that my wife will trust me?
What happened when you left your husband all alone at home to go to your native place, especially if he doesn't know how to prepare food?
What is the budget for a middle class family to marry a girl child?
How is the life of a female IAS after marriage? Is it difficult to manage between family and the duties of being an IAS?
To what extent do Chinese Indonesians practice arranged/contract/forced marriage at the present time?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
I have specific sexual needs that my wife can't fulfill, what do I do?
Me and my wife are unhappy with each other for 90% time. Shd we consult a psychologist or a marriage counsellor?
Have you ever been harrassed or threatened by your wife with false cases?
In the US, people say some gay men hide their orientations and get married to women. How is that even possible?
Is it fine to marry a girl who has been in a relationship with nearly 3 to 4 boys?
Should I tell my wife's parents to stop fat-shaming my wife?
How do I talk to my future wife about how much sex I want?
In a divorce does it matter who asks for the settlement first?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
Can a Catholic and a Protestant get married, and are there any terms?
It is okay to make out with some who is going to marry you?
If a married woman (with two daughters age 20 around) wants to have sex with me (single, 23), what should I do?
How do I open up and tell my husband that I am a bisexual and I like girls? I live in India.
What should the behaviour of an individual be after marriage?
What are the ugly truths about looking for a bride in Tamil matrimonial websites?
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
My husband of 28 years has left the house to his children from a previous marriage. How is this possible?
My wife and I went through divorces almost ten years ago and are finally above water. Can you give me some advice on purchasing our first home?
What is more logical: 1. marriage based on astrology, or 2. marriage based on genetics (eugenics)?
What is the proper way for a Jewish divorce to be handled when there are kids involved?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Which psychological and physical issues do young brides have? How can we stop this nonsense practice of 'child marriage' around the world?
Was Vivekanandha married?
Are Chinese guys willing to get married with girls who are not virgin?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
Are you single or married? Why?
When did you realize your relationship was over and how did you feel?
Will society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
If your father is attractive and your mother is not so, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful, would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
Instead of sex, my husband likes me to put my foot in his groin and play with his genitals to get him off. Is this normal?
Why was Mohammed poor? Wouldn't he have inherited his first wife's wealth?
What's you and your spouses story?
Is it necessary to carry on with a loveless, selfish marriage for your parents’ sake or for society’s sake?
If your in-law screamed and cursed at you, would you go back and visit them with your spouse?
Can mothers explain how difficult it was between you and your husband during the first year or two of your baby?
My partner and I have Mangal Dosha with the same rashi and the same star. Can we get married?
How can I marry an American?
Why do some girls feel like their in-laws are a burden to them? Why do they want to detach their husbands from their parents?
Why are Brahmin-Muslim marriages so common?
How can I say no to a girl before day one of our marriage?
What is the best song for my sister who is getting married?
What is the best option for a husband? The couple is highly incompatible and has kids aged 10 and 6. The wife is a good mother.
Does any boy regret his arranged marriage?
What's it like to be a bisexual woman from India who's already married to a man, but who still has feelings for another woman?
Why can't we have laws preventing some parents from divorce?
If a husband & wife have sexual relations every day, does this cause any problem for the man or woman?
What should be the perfect gap between engagement and marriage?
What are good questions for married couples to their spouse on date night?
Is divorce a good option if they are living separate lives?
I caught my wife crying alone and she wouldn't tell me the reason. Could she be under depression?
How do you plan to move to another country or state if you're married with kids and don't have a job there?
How do I deal with demanding siblings of my spouse?
How do I get married to an American girl?
As a woman, would you still stay with your boyfriend/husband if he got hit with a sexual harassment lawsuit at work? Explain such a decision.
Is it okay for a younger woman to marry an older man?
Should you tell the wife of a cheater if it’s been going on for years?
How do I identify a Cheating married man lover?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
How do you rebuild trust in a marriage after infidelity?
I live in Arizona and am getting divorced. I own a house on my own, my wife’s name is not on it. Can she get any of my equity in the house?
Why did I check out of life after my divorce and losing my children, while others are able to move forward after such losses?
What would happen if I marry again without divorcing my husband first?
How can I convince my wife to get a mutual divorce?
Can I marry my aunt's, sister's daughter?
What actually happens during wedding night in the Muslim tradition?
Is having a narcissist as a girlfriend different from having her as a wife?
What are the signs that your wife is manipulating you?
What should be done if there are ego clashes between in laws and parents in case of arrange marriage by the bride when no one seem to compromise?
Is it feasible for a guy to love and marry a girl who is elder than him?
Is it a good idea to marry at 30?
Will the US be so sexually permissive someday that porn will be 1950s married couples sleeping in separate beds?
Is a prenup agreement the only solution for Indian males?
How do I get my husband to stop verbal/emotionally abusing me?
Is it important to have sex before marriage?
Is it difficult to find a modern virgin girl for marriage these days in India?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
Can a wife deserting her husband without divorcing him claim his property? Or can his son claim it?
Did the wives of the Shia Imams practice temporary marriage called Muta?
How do men of India compromise after marriage?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
Is there any chance to marry a Muslim girl after clearing IAS or IPS?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
What challenges could I face in India if I decide to never get married?
If a girl or her parents expect a "high earning", "well settled" groom, then how exactly is dowry wrong?
What would your reaction be to your son/daughter wanting to marry soon after high school?
Is it ok for a man to marry a woman 12 years older than him?
Would you rather marry 5 times or never marry at all?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Can a B positive boy marry a B negative girl? Will they be a good couple or have any problems during pregnancy?
What are your predictions about a career and marriage for a male born on 9th August, 1990, at 18:48 in Varanasi (U.P.), India?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
What is the average number of sex partners in the U.K before getting married?
Is it ok for the Indian Society if my daughter, my husband, and me have different surnames?
How do you live out your Christian faith when you are married to a spouse who shows narcissistic characteristics?
If sex before marriage is a sin in Islam, how do single men and women find each other?
How can I strongly and willingly get out of a co dependent marriage?
Are love marriages lust marriages?
My wife gets highly offended when I ask. Is it normal to want some personal time in a marriage for hobbies or alone time (3-4 hours a week)?
What documentation changes will marriage under the Hindu Marriages Act, 1955 make, in context of an Aadhar card, PAN card, etc.?
Can a Muslim marry a Jew? Does the Israeli government allow that kind of marriage?
Do girls support the decision of Late Ravindra Patil's wife to leave him?
What are the things that an Indian man should stand up for before he decides to marry?
How is it to be married to the one you love?
How can I live after the untimely demise of my spouse?
If a woman is caught cheating on her husband, is it possible for the husband to trust her in the future?
Why is it my fault that my husband beats me then says sorry, cries, etc.? Is this guilt for his affairs?
What happens when a woman with bipolar does not reveal it to her husband?
Is it inappropiate for a married man to be messaging a single girl at 5 am on a private messenger, opening the conversation with "Hello, babydoll"?
When and how do I tell my husband I'm pregnant?
How can you be sure the one you are going to marry is the one?
What makes you think that you are eligible to answer anything related to love, sex, relationships and marriage?
Is being a divorcee becoming a statement in India?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
How could one select the right person as a spouse through the arranged marriage system?
What kind of problems do Indian Army wives face, raising their children alone while their husbands are deployed?
Why do the so-called modern India's parents still hesitate when their daughters say that they don't want to get married atleast until 30?
Is a marriage really over if the husband is a roaming sex addict?
How do husbands remain faithful to their wives?
Is it a good idea to marry a pathologically jealous partner?
What are the current statistics on divorce?
I told my boyfriend I wanted to marry him and he immediately said he was going to sleep. What do I do?
How do you get out of the constant feeling that you married the wrong person?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Can I marry in one city and do marriage registration in another city in India?
Is it a wise decision to travel, leave my country forever, to find love, get married and have a sweet baby?
Are there any cons to not getting married? I would like to hear from an elderly person who didn't get married.
When will Sara marry Harshvardhan Kapoor?
How can you renew love between couples who have been married for a year and feel there is a gap between them?
Why are many small businesses in Japan operated by a husband/wife duo?
Is sex the most important aspect of marriage?
What should a lonely wife do when a husband doesn't want affection or intimacy and thinks emotions are useless?
What was most challenging about combining finances with your significant other (when you married, moved in, etc.)?
How do I confirm if my husband has affections for other women?
Can I file charges against my wife for destroying 120 pictures I had on 5 walls?
How important is virginity to Indian males in an arranged marriage set up?
Why is there so much pressure from society and parents when you want the separation from your spouse (so called husband)? How can it be handled?
After a year living together, almost 4 years dating, my boyfried says he isn't sure about getting married. "He doesn't know". What should I do?
Did any of the presidents date their wives?
How it is like to not get married forever?
Is it okay to not marry fearing the gender-biased laws in India?
What is that person with many wives who is not married called? The question was asked in the JCS interview.
What do I do when my husband accuses me of being selfish and self centered when I voiced my stress and anguish over a custody battle with his ex?
What would be an ideal age to get married?
What would it be like to marry a transgender lady?
Can an INFP male have a happy marriage with an ESFJ woman?
How much does it take to get citizenship through marriage in Portugal?
Can arrange marriages lead to the use of drugs?
How common is it for a married couple, heterosexual or homosexual, to have a threesome?
Is there any scripture in the Quran or in the Bible that says to let your parents choose your wife or husband?
Which actor or actress do you want to marry?
Whom should I marry, a rich girl with a dull mind or a poor girl with a very intelligent mind?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can married daughters claim their fathers’ property if the father died before the Hindu Succession Act of 2005?
What’s your arranged marriage story?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
Is it better to leave a cheating husband even if you have a 3 year old kid?
How is the opposition between consanguinity and affinity related to cross cousin marriage?
Do a lot of marriages fail these days because people get in with the wrong motives? What then are the right motives for getting married?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
What is the right age of marriage for guys settled in Mumbai?
A husband brought home flowers for his wife every day but it turned out that he picked cemetery flowers. What would you do if you were his wife?
How can you deal with a proud wife?
How do I ask my wife to improve her personal care without offending her?
What's a good way to tell your family you are marrying yourself?
What are the documents required for a re-issue of passport after marriage? Do you need an affidavit for the name change of the wife?
Has anyone been to Gretna? Would you marry there?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
What was George T. Sampson's wife and child’s name?
Despite of inevitable responsibilities, why should one get married?
What do you do when your husband gets mad at you for everything?
How can a Muslim revert find a husband?
Do Muslims get married at a young age?
Can a Taurus and Aquarius get married?
What do you care about most when choosing a life partner?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
Is it medically safe to marry a 130 kilo-weighing 28 year old?
When can a Hindu man marry a second time?
Is it wise to get married when you have loans over your head?
Why is it so common for some Korean men to abuse their wives after marriage?
I am married​ but not satisfied​. Do other people feel the same way?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
How will Muslim women deal with the 72 virgins their husbands will get?
Do sociopaths find good partners to form romantic relationships and marriages with?
Who is the happiest person, either a married one or a bachelor?
Can we marry an unsettled guy for whom we may have to compromise our own career?
Do rape victims get married?
How do I start over after leaving an alcoholic spouse?
Is it ok to love someone but not want to marry him?
How can a woman who does not want to get married lead her life?
Can my mother really put in her will that I will inherit nothing unless I divorce my husband?
What did the sages of the Talmud teach about marriage & how to treat a wife?
Why do guys get all anxious and angry if the girl they want to marry asks them to talk to her father first? Isn't that how it's always been?
Have you seen a marriage in which the two families including the bride and groom don’t dance? Is this too modern?
What is a mother supposed to do if her son gets a girl pregnant before marriage?
How do people in polyamorous relationships find people willing to be with a married person?
How do men who are unable to have children feel about using a sperm donor to give their wives a baby?
Can a Hindu boy marry a Muslim girl in any country?
Are you a fashion tech student or someone who can advise a bride and groom on wedding suits?
What's your opinion of straight marriage?
My wife is attempting to use sex as currency in our relationship, what should I do?
Can I get detailed information about my education, career and marriage, if I was born in Gopalganj, Bihar on the 8th of July, 1999 at 6 AM?
How do I stop being a clingy wife?
What are the disadvantages of a love marriage in Hindi?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
If same sex marriage is OK, why isn't bigamy?
Why are people so crazy about marriage nowadays in spite of knowing the fact that nearly everyone is a non-virgin and has had an affair before?
Is it a good idea to hyphenate our surnames?
How many rupees do you need to invest in a court marriage? What are the full details?
A woman who is not happy in her marriage meets the love of her life. What should she do?
Where can I find Indian American girls to marry?
How can a divorced Muslim woman demand maintenance in India?
What are the procedures at Arya Samaj in Kozhikode? Will they inform one’s parents?
Is it OK to say as a bride's father to the groom that if my daughter is abused physically even once I would ask her to come back and file for divorce?
Should my wife fuck other people?
How will a playboy treat his wife after marriage?
Have you rejected a marriage proposal because they asked for a dowry? Did you get a good marriage proposal after that?
What if my ex comes back and asks me to marry him again? How should I respond?
What will be my relationship with my own uncle’s wife’s elder sister daughter? Is it allowed for marriage in Hindu? Does it by any means sister's?
Does my husband have a good chance of getting sole custody?
Which blood group woman is not compatible to marry with an O positive man?
How do I ask my boyfriend to marry me without coming off as desperate?
Is depression the reason for increasing divorce rates in India?
Why do people get married and then live the same depressing abusive childhood they had with their family? Why play with someone else's life?
How do I know for sure that monogamy is not my thing?
Are there sardars who are willing to marry a Bengali girl from Calcutta?
How do I get my husband to stop saying mean things when he doesn't get his way?
For Venezuelan Quorans; how does the situation there affect personal plans? Do people still fall in love, marry, study, or just plan on leaving?
How do I conduct a South Indian marriage?
Is it the husband's fault if his wife's appearance changes and he no longer feels attracted to her?
I got diagnosed with schizophreniform and am married with two kids. Should I get a divorce?
Do you regret your marriage, and why?
How should I deal with my husband since he does not help in household chores?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
How can I ask my neighbor's wife to have sex with me?
Why should I take care of the parents of my wife?
What should I do if my boyfriend ignores the topic of marriage, but still wants to be in a relationship with me?
Would Tamil Brahmin girls/guys like to marry within the caste? If not, why not? If yes, why?
Can a husband shout upon his wife without a justified reason?
How did you cope with the guilt of being the one to leave a marriage or relationship when the other person didn't want you to?
Did you fuck another man's wife?
What should I do if my girlfriend is getting married to someone else because of family pressure? I am dying inside because I lost my life.
Can I marry a Chinese girl?
Is it illegal to have an extra marital affair with an unmarried girl in India?
Who should pray more the husband or the wife?
Is it possible for a medical intern to marry a navy officer? Will joining the navy be a good option for her?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
Why are men called husbands after marriage?
Why are men scared to talk about marriage?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
What would make you marry a woman who does not want kids?
If I'm Mexican American and convert to Islam, will it be hard for me to find a husband with the difference in culture?
Why does a barren wife have affairs? Is it safe to marry this woman?
Will girls stop loving their boyfriends after they get married to other guys for their parents?
If I remarry, would new wife be responsible for alimony?
Did Lord Ganesha marry?
What was challenging in your transition from dating to marriage?
Why is sex considered a sin outside of marriage?
Does Triple Talaq work for inter-caste marriages?
Are married Indian women looking & trying for sex apart from their husbands? If yes, what exactly are they looking for?
Why does a wife compromises most of her habits for her husband after marriage?
How can I make my husband respect me and take care of me?
Today in India, what percentage of Muslim men have multiple wives?
Why is it that the minimum marriageable age for all Indian women is 18 years but it is reduced to 15 for Muslim women?
How can I be a good wife to my future partner?
Should I marry at the age of 23?
How is a divorced woman looked upon in the US?
Should I go ahead and get married or end the relationship?
How do you get away from a controlling husband and in-laws when your Indian parents are forcing you to stay with them?
How can I get rid of my fantasy of having sex with the wives and mothers of others?
How do husbands react if/when they see the intimacies of their wives' periods?
How would you react when a feminist supports a wife who is glaringly wrong?
What is an uncontested divorce?
Would you be offended if your mother kept in touch with your ex for years after your divorce?
What would you do if you caught your wife giving someone a blowjob?
Is chastity a good thing, or is it better to have sex before marriage?
In India, during a passport renewal, is it mandatory to give the last name of my wife or can I provide just the first name of my wife?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
After 25 years of marriage, how can I tell if my wife's lack of affection is health related or if it may be time for a divorce?
Is there any Indian law which threatens an abusive husband so that a wife can stay in the marital home peacefully without divorce?
Why do Kerala men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, or someone who is settled abroad?
Why does God command you to marry someone who sexually assaulted you?
my date of birth is January 27th, 1972 in Beirut , what are the preditions concerning my current marriage?
How could a man leave his son and divorce his wife of ten years for the sake of his mistress?
What are some of the remarks your husband made while you were in the hospital having a baby?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What are the criteria for becoming an infidel?
What are the different types of marital affairs?
Why is it that North Indian boys always try to dominate their wives after marriage?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
What was marriage like before Islam in the Islamic State?
How can I increase my wife’s interest in sex?
What action should I take when my elder sister is asking for a dowry?
What’s the biggest barrier to communication in your marriage?
Are child marriages legal in any states in the US?
Should I marry a Christian or a Muslim girl?
Have you gotten Italian citizenship by marriage? What was the process like?
What are the dos and don’ts a man should maintain to have a healthy, friendly and romantic relationship with his wife, if it's an arranged marriage?
How do I convince my father not to force my sister into an arranged marriage?
How do you justify an arranged marriage?
What should I (as a woman) know before and about marriage?
How do I clear my confusion about my arranged marriage?
Could I get married to an Ivorian in the Ivory Coast and then in the U.S., or would it be better just to marry in IC? Would our marriage be legal in the U.S.?
Can I claim to get married to my boyfriend on the basis of four years of physical relation with consent?
Why do women find others’ husbands attractive?
Why do people still marry in spite of their groom/bride being a non-virgin?
What are some key questions to ask before you decide to marry someone?
In Pride and Prejudice, if a girl got married, would the estate go to her or would it still go to Mr Collins? Would her husband change his name?
What can we do if my brother’s wife is not a good person?
How often do married woman masturbate?
Can a Buddhist girl marry a Muslim boy?
Can a wife file an RTI to find out her husband's salary? He is a private software employee.
Being a woman, is marriage a sign of weakness?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Would a Malayalee girl like to marry a Bihari boy? If yes, how would their life be?
Are you planning to get married anytime soon?
Can a divorced woman marry an unmarried man? What are the odds?
Did Mohammed have 13 wives?
In case a wife beats her husband, can he beat her back?
Are there any women who are married, desperately seeking divorce but trapped in the marriage without actually making a move for a divorce?
Do Indian girls prefer IITians or IIM grads more than others for marriage?
In the old period of India, because of the importance of the caste system, why did people choose to marry within the community and not to marry outside of the community with a different community?
Are you legally supposed to kiss to finalize your marriage?
How do I improve my seriously unromantic husband?
Why shouldn’t two people marry one woman?
It is illegal to have two wives in the UK?
Is Nargis Fakhri going to marry popular Dhoom star Uday Chopra?
Why do people get married in peak summers in India?
One year ago, my husband cheated on me with a divorced woman. She just got married. Should I ruin her life and tell her new hubby?
How should you talk to the father of a boy about him marrying your daughter?
What site can one get young guys to marry?
Is a relationship via Tinder or any other dating app similar to an arranged marriage or arranged relationship?
Childless couples, why do you support your unemployed partner?
How do I forgive my wife?
Why do men watch porn even though they are married?
Shouldn't everyone experience living alone at least once before getting married?
How can an unmarried gay man living in India, after turning 30, lead a meaningful and contented life?
Is a friendship you have with your spouse different from one you have with someone who's not your spouse?
How can I get my wife to shower more than twice a month?
How do I convince my husband to not have a second child because he wants a son?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
If a wife beats her husband, what should he do?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
What was the biggest single reason that people divorce?
Who is legally able to marry people?
Is there any special procedure to divorce a husband who is a judge?
Can a wife file an RTI complaint to find out what her husband's salary is while he is working at a software company?
Can an Iyer boy marry a Konkani Brahmin girl?
Is sex with with a married woman who is separated from her husband appropriate?
What should I do if caste is a problem for marriage?
Is it too difficult for a woman in India to live her life independently after divorce?
Why does my husband say nasty things to me even after 26 years of marriage?
Why do wives ask questions while husbands don't?
I've caught my wife cheating on me for the 3rd time in 3 years. Should I leave her?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
Is it okay to get married civilly without the permission of one’s parents?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
Would you tell your spouse you are having problems at work?
What is it that most men in India ‘actually’ want in their future wife?
Would the first lady of America still hold her position if she gets divorced from POTUS?
How did you feel on the next day of your marriage?
How would you cope when your husband impregnates a family friend who is close to you and you have kids with the man and don't want to leave because of the kids?
How do you like your partner in an arranged marriage?
In Chinese family culture, why is it usually understood that there tends to be conflict between a man's wife and his mother?
Does anybody regret his arranged marriage?
Can wedding officiants do funerals?
How do I deal with being jealous when my husband looks at other women?
From a legal standpoint in India, what are the benefits for the man after 7 years of marriage?
If I marry my mother's brother's daughter (cross-cousin), will the child face birth defect problems?
How do we select a bridegroom for a girl or a boy?
Why do you want to remain single and not want to marry in India?
Do you share all your views with your spouse?
How long is the divorce process?
Despite marriage's legal benefits, wouldn't it be less risky to remain unmarried since nowadays many marriages end in divorce?
What should I do if someone threatened my wife at midnight via telephone?
Can I extend a UK marriage visa?
What percent of women remain virgins until marriage?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
What is wrong about marrying someone you feel nothing for?
Is it right to be gay if you are a Hindu? Does Hinduism accept same sex marriage?
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
Should a girl marry a DFO working in RAW?
How can I check my husband’s WhatsApp?
Are girls interested in having sex while she knows he will not marry her?
Do extramarital affairs really happen in Uttar Pradesh?
A friend registered his marriage but he didn’t have a valid proof of address. He paid extra money to the lawyer and got it done. Is the marriage valid in India?
How can I give my Muslim wife talaq being her Hindu husband as I want to divorce her by speaking talaq three times?
What can I do if my wife hates our country and doesn’t want to live here?
Why wasn't my husband allowed to speak for me at the emergency room? I was barely conscious and couldn't breathe due to pneumonia.
Are there examples of times when a woman, marriage, and children actually prevented a man from achieving great things for humanity?
How many men marry a prostitute or a sex worker without knowing it?
Why is the poverty line different for married couples?
Do married men want to be able to divorce their wives simply by saying the word "divorce" 3 times (she cannot do the same)?
Where can I find married women that want to have sex?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
How do I divorce my narcissist husband without him manipulating my 20 year old son?
Why is Polygamy most common in Hindus despite it being illegal for them?
Will 24-year-old Ram be considered a pedophile for marrying 5-year-old Sita?
Can someone predict my job and marriage life? My date of birth is 29-09-1990 at 12:45 pm in New Delhi?
How should I treat my husband?
What qualities must be seen in a boy before marriage of one’s daughter?
Why are you so against arrange marriages?
Did you follow Matthew 18 before filing for a divorce?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
Why do I feel nervous when my parents talk about my arranged marriage?
Why does Catholicism not allow divorce but instead only annulment?
How can you detach from an unloving husband, while staying in a marriage?
How do I get motivated to live happily? I got married at 19 years old and I am 22 years old now. I have all sorts of wishes, like any other girl of my age and it is so depressing. What can I do?
How can I stop worrying about my marriage (I am 28 now) & concentrate on my career? As a girl, to whom should I give priority?
How do you tell your husband of 14 years that you are so done, his kiss makes you dry-heave?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Why do some marriages break after the honeymoon?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
My husband isn't affectionate or intimate. What should I do?
What should I do if I discovered I hated my spouse?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
How do I become a loving husband?
Are Indians known for compromising their marriage?
Why are Hindu marriages done “Agni Sakshi” (fire as witness) and not “Panchabhoodham”?
Chandrgupta maurya married helena, he was the first to let European stay in India, he made Greek official language of India just for his wife why so?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
What is legal marriage in Hindu?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
What are the chances for a marriage to survive when one spouse decides to have a sexless marriage?
Are Sikh girls open to the idea of marrying Muslim guys?
Will a man whose wife cheated multiple times with several men take her back after divorce?
Can a man lead a happy sex life even if he married after 30 years?
Where can I get a good doctor to treat my wife?
What happens if you marry someone who is still married to someone else?
Should I tell my future fiance that I want to have a lot of sex in our marriage?
What should be the age difference in couples for marriage?
Why do Chinese people like to marry on May 20?
If Negi was alive and married Hinata, who would be Naruto's next choice to marry?
Is Shabnam Lone married?
What is it that most girls in India ‘actually’ want in their future husbands?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What will happen if parents are banned from paying money for their children's marriage?
Will a narcissist ever marry someone with BPD?
How is life being married to a German woman, as a Muslim man?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
What is the punishment for an unmarried girl having an illegal relationship with my husband?
Will there be an effect from marrying a young woman who was born with birth defects? (Her left hand fingers stopped developing from birth.)
In this modern age, is an antiquated custom like marriage still relevant, or even useful?
What is Gandharv Vivah?
Why do married women cheat on good men? Is it money or lust or both?
How can one remain fascinated and love the same person forever after marriage?
Is there any sexual act between a husband and wife (when both are willing) that comes under lust and not love?
How is your experience with your sister in law after marriage?
What might be the problem with me, because I tried many times to impregnate my wife with no results?
Is it more common that a wife will leave a chronically unemployed husband than that a husband will leave a chronically unemployed wife?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
How much time does it take to get citizenship in Italy on the basis of marriage?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Where will the marriage system go after same-sex marriage is legalized?
Should I get married or even think about marriage if I have a serious health problem?
In blended families, it seems like it would be harder to put your marriage first, what are some things you do to make your marriage a priority?
Why am I getting so perverted even after I am married to a beautiful wife?
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
How many people get married in Thailand every year?
Should I know Tamil language to marry a Tamilnadu Girl?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How do you get what you want in a divorce?
Can non-Kashmiris marry Kashmiri girls/boys?
How many times can I fuck my wife in a day?
Do you think that married scientists have lower chances of being as good as un-married ones?
Are you happy with your marriage even you're constantly fighting?
What goes on in the mind of an abusive husband?
What is your feeling if your girlfriend’s or your wife’s job salary is more than your salary?
Should I date a person before marriage? If yes, why?
Which type of sex style does a male like after marriage?
Is it ok in Indian society to be unmarried at the age of 27 years old, or to be getting married late?
Is it wrong or right for a 23-year-old girl to marry a 32-year-old man?
What are some problems that a husband and wife might experience?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of getting married at an early age?
Is getting married an essential part of life?
What is your opinion on a joined married life of understanding and companionship versus a committed joint married life?
I'm 50 years of age and happily married to one woman, is circumcision still necessary for me?
Can a man be married and still crave sex with other men?
What should I do about my narcissistic husband of 19 years, and we have 4 kids? I'm living a life in confinement.
What is it to have sex before marriage and you are not so sure if you will surely marry the other person or not?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
My husband's sister is mooching off him. How can I stop her?
How many numbers of gf or bf before marriage can be consider normal?
How do I advise my son regarding an inter-caste marriage with an elder girl?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian female to lead a good married life?
What do you do when you think that your spouse is lying to you about having different identities?
How can you spoil your husband?
If you have a wife and you pass away, but she moves on later in life and marries another man, who would be with her in heaven? You or her new husband?
How can I, as a Lebanese Muslim, marry my Hindu girlfriend?
How do I marry other caste girl?
Is it normal not to have sex before getting married at the age of 30?
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
For couples without children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
They got engaged 7 years ago, and every year she wants to get married, but they're still not. Why?
What is the best option, your wife as a housewife or working woman?
Is it ever okay to hope your parents get divorced?
Is it punishable to be in a room without marriage with a girl?
What can a man do when he has no desire to have sex with his wife of 15 years?
Do Muslims follow lifestyle of Mohammed and marry off their child to a old man?
How do you handle major differences in marriage (i.e., political views, religion, etc.)?
What are the rights that the Indian constitution provides a woman if she is getting divorced?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
Why are most marriages in India decided by partner complexion, caste, and income, unlike other countries?
What if I yelled at a client in my wife's office because he was rude to her and she started crying? Will you call it unprofessional?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Should I have an affair with a married woman?
A narcissist says that his wife tells him that men fancy her, and that she does it to make him jealous. Would that be true?
I have my Saturn in the seventh house of my horoscope, does this mean I will never get married or have a happy relationship?
Do you think matrimonial websites are really helpful in finding a man to many?
What type of marriage arrangement does God bless and approve of?
Why do women demand alimony after divorce if they are equally capable of everything, unlike men?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
Do men need a signed consent form from their wife to get a vasectomy?
What are the planetary combinations for love marriage?
Can a Muslim husband and non Muslim wife stay as married couples in Dubai?
My boyfriend and I got married in a temple, but we realized it was a bad decision. Would there be legal issues if we do not get a divorce and just move on?
Should I tell my husband about my past relationship?
Are BPDs capable of long-term, happy, and drama-free marriages?
Why do Kerala Christian men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, specifically someone who is settled abroad or someone working abroad?
What does it mean if my husband tells me I can do anything I want?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Is it okay to divorce your wife after finding out that she has PCOS and was not aware of its severity until she told her doctor/husband?
Can I ever trust my cheating wife again?
Will "IPL20" happen? If so, which franchise will remain until then?
How can I know my husband’s history?
How do Indian men like their future wives to be? Has there been any change of mindset from previous generations?
Why do Asian people take their wives for granted?
If a wife always scolded her husband and kept a secret relationship with a boy, what should the husband do?
Who is the wife of cricketer Rohit Sharma?
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
How much is it to get married in the beach in southern California? (it's an under 10 person wedding)
Is it really possible to transform ourselves after marriage?
Is it normal for a man to want to share his wife with other men?
Does marriage kill the joy of life?
What is like to marry in India when you're an introvert?
Is there some law to protect a man against a fraud case of dowry by a woman?
Why did Hema Malini marry Dharmendra?
Is it possible for a marriage to recover if the wife doesn't sign the divorce papers?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
What are some ways to support marriage equality?
If a woman is a confirmed narcissist, can her husband also turn into one?
How do I confront my wife about her Jio call records?
What will happen if a boy is younger to the girl for marriage?
Why do Telugus force their kids to marry their cousins through arranged marriages?
How do I cope with a cheating spouse?
What should a daughter do if her parents don't support after her marriage?
My marriage is in trouble, what can I do?
How do I know if we should get married?
What points should you consider when you decide to go for a love marriage without your parents’ consent?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
Why are there so many divorces in today's society?
How should I select a partner, by being very picky or keep trying until something works out?
Should I just not pursue marriage?
Can you convince someone to never get married?
What is the thing that the father gives to the daughter before marriage and takes back after marriage?
What would life be like with 200 wives?
Why does a narcissistic husband hurt his wife when she is the only person who is always there for him?
Why does a narcissist husband hurt his wife when she is the only person who is always there for him?
Can I like someone after marriage?
How can I get over a divorce and not trusting anyone?
Can I marry my mother’s cousin’s sister’s daughter in Hinduism?
Which all are the famous temples in India where non-Hindus can get married?
What have you found out about your spouse that scares or upsets you?
Do all men cheat after a certain span of time in marriage? Why?
What would be the life of a girl after wedding?
Why do Indians, especially Hindus, not kiss each other in their marriage in front of everyone?
What would you do if you had told a girl that you would marry her and later your parents won't agree to the marriage?
We both love each other a lot, but he is married. What should I do?
How can you handle a bad wife who is pregnant?
If you believe that there must be a marriage to be in a relationship, but you know that marriage isn't possible, are you not condemned to loneliness?
When did Subhadra Kitching get married?
How will my life be if I marry a lieutenant in the Indian Navy?
Does Indian law consider marriage as legal prostitution? Why should a man pay and take care of his wife in this independent world?
Is it too difficult for an Indian woman to live independently after divorce?
What is your story as a married daughter (Indian parents)?
I am 21. My parents are looking forward for my marriage. I love someone else but my parents will never approve our marriage. What should I do?
In the US is there any possible way to have a sufficient chance at getting to know someone I love first, without being forced to marry prematurely?
What do you think about Emmanuel Macron being married to an older woman?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
Should I get married if I have doubts?
What do you think about the expectation of Indian husbands asking their wives (working/non-working) to wash their innerware, whereas they never do the same for their wives?
Should I marry a good person even if I am not in love with him?
Does a second wife's child have legal claims on his/her father's property?
Is it possible to be married in Vegas with no record to prove it?
What is the purpose of mentioning marriage status in application forms?
Is it common to stay a virgin until marriage?
How can I track my husband's car to know if he pick another woman up at work?
What is the one thing missing in your marriage?
Why are so many couples unhappy in their marriages?
How does the virginity of husbands affect the wife?
Does age matter when you marry somebody 8 years younger?
My daughter is determined to marry the guy who doesn't value her and also cheats on her. How can I make her realize that she deserves better?
How come it's common for men to be married to women younger than them and rare the other way round?
Is it ok to marry a man younger than me?
In inter-religious marriages, what are the legalities regarding the religion of the child? Do they follow the mother’s or father’s?
Instead of destruction (divorce), can answers be more about construction (marriage recovery)?
I’m married to a narcissist and was advised to do the grey rock thing, but it's killing me. When should I do this, and when should I not?
Is Mu'tah marriage permitted in Islam?
If you were a rich woman, would you marry a good-looking poor man or an average man, if they were both very nice, and deeply in love with you?
Does a married daughter have any rights on her father's self-earned property?
Does the unfavourable marriage horoscope matching always fail?
How appropriate is it for a girl or her family to expect the groom to have 5x to 10x more income than her?
What are your thoughts of getting married at 19?
Can a Libra man and Capricorn woman be successful together as husband and wife?
What would you do if your prospective wife cheated and lied a lot under the protection of almost all her family and friends?
Both of my parents hate each other and fight all time but refuse to get a divorce because of "the kids". Should I tell them to get a divorce?
What is the best way to recover financially from divorce?
Do Indian men consider dating a 25 year old divorced woman without kids and with absolutely no mistake of hers in divorce?
What should one do if his wife is egotistical, cunning, manipulative, aggressive and never ready to accept mistakes or feedback?
Will an Irish guy marry a Chinese girl?
What were marriage traditions in King David's lineage?
Is it okay for a Kashyap Brahmin to marry a Kashyap Bengali girl?
What steps should a women take to make her life secure at the age of 30 if she decides never to get married?
Can I marry my mother’s cousin’s sister’s daughter?
Why can I not marry a man who is older than me by 20 years?
After marriage in court, the husband and wife have been living separately for 6 months. Can this marriage be annulled as per Hindu law?
What does it mean if you dream that someone you like got married?
Do you think you would have fallen in a strong love if you never met your spouse?
What is your opinion of prenuptial agreements and their benefits?
Is a working wife entitled for alimony after divorce?
If a spouse tends to be verbally abusive to his spouse, should they go to a marriage counselor or does the abusive spouse have to go to a therapist?
Has anybody's ex contacted back after getting married to say that they made a mistake?
What is the cost of an Indian marriage?
How did people show that they were married in the middle ages?
Since sex is considered part of adult dating, does sex consummate a relationship? If yes, what consummates marriage?
Is it possible for a person with a new Canadian PR visa to sponsor his wife?
What do women want in their "perfect" husband?
How do I settle a divorce in Canada?
How do I convince my husband that watching 1 hour of good (simple and beautiful) cartoons would not mentally harm our 2 and 4 year old daughters?
Can a married woman ask for child support from the man who impregnated her while she was married and still married?
What is the meaning of getting married?
Are being a virgin, fair, and earning in the 6 figures the eligibility criteria every man seeks for marriage? If she earns less and has average looks, is she not worth it?
I recently found out that my ex-wife has cancer and refuses to get treatment. How do I change her mind?
Does Chinese Zodiac affect your marriage?
Is it possible to save someone from a narcissists grasp (a marriage to one)?
Can a love marriage really happen in India where our girlfriend is forced to get married at the age of 23 years old, and on the other hand we are still stuck in a career?
Would you let your wife stay friends with her ex-boyfriend(s)?
How much alimony should a women get from her Indian husband?
Is there such thing as a mail order husband?
What are aspects we have to consider while choosing a girl for marriage?
What does it mean when your wife says you are not romantic?
My loved one is forced to marry. What should I do?
Do Koreans marry women older than them?
Can I take my ex to court after the divorce because I am disabled?
Why don't rich Chinese marry beautiful Indian girls?
My ex-wife says she is off illegal drugs now and wants to have unsupervised visits with the children. Should I trust her?
Should a woman marry a man before she dies so he would raise her child?
Why do people tell me that I will change my mind about having children? My husband and I do not want kids.
How can I help my husband to be more ambitious?
Is my husband a white knight narcissist?
If your estranged ex-spouse were dying would you want to hear from them one last time?
I’m Indian and my girlfriend is French. We plan to get married in October. How soon can I work in France and in the U.K. after that?
Would you marry a raped woman?
Should IPC accept 'irretrievable breakdown of marriage' as a basis for divorce? How should the clause be formulated?
Why my ex-girlfriend contacting me after 20 years ?
Do the Chinese regard their company partners more than their wives?
How should one react after finding out that one’s husband has had an affair in the past?
Should I get married if I have no other choice?
Would a girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
Where is it legal for 3 or more persons in a polyamorous relationship to get married?
I'm reading a lot of questions regarding failure in marriages and seeing many regrets about it under that topic. Isn't it possible to live without a life partner?
How can I get over the end of my marriage when I have to keep seeing him because of the kids?
Should I marry an underaged girl?
What would you do if your husband hurt you by worst words?
Is there any rule in SSC AMC that after engagement, you are posted to the single station? For marrying a civilian.
How do you respond when you continue to encounter the same problem in your marriage?
What if a wife doesn't change her last name?
How do I revive love for my wife?
After she's had more than 16 affair partners and 2 illegitimate pregnancies, do I file for full custody and have the blank divorce paperwork signed by her?
I am having trouble expressing my anger and I usually keep it in. Is this normal or this is where it gets when you become adult?
If your spouse asked you to change one thing to save your marriage, would you be willing to do it? How difficult would it be?
In a society like India, will a guy be tolerant enough to marry a girl who is much more educated than he is?
Why do Indian men have relationships knowing he would break it up and prefer marrying younger girls in the end (arranged marriage)?
How do I stop lusting after my own wife?
What are the 10 things every Indian should know before getting married?
What could be the emotional consequences of getting married to your first sexual partner, when he has had several in the past?
How can a Muslim married man marry a Muslim woman without getting a divorce from his first wife?
Is it practically possible for an unemployed, non-virgin, 26-year-old girl to get married through an arranged marriage system without a dowry?
What is the reason for not getting pregnant after marriage?
In a partnered relationship where one spouse is a psychopath, wouldn't they owe it to their spouse to let them know what they are?
What are the indications a married woman is interested in me for the long term?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
In the case of a divorce, can a working Indian Muslim lady ask for maintenance from her husband, as the Mehr amount will only be 10k?
Who was the wife of Kattappa?
How did you feel when you found out your husband cheated?
How does marriage for citizenship work and is it legal?
Why is it important to have a fair groom or fair bride?
How can I stop my husband from buying me food that makes me fat without being rude or hurting his feelings?
My husband wants to watch me have sex with another man or woman. Should I do it?
Is there any dating plus marriage website out there?
What should I wear to my cousin's wedding? My other aunt is boastful about her daughter's beauty, and she has challenged everyone for a dress.
Why does my wife continue to have sex with her ex boyfriend (baby daddy) but says she wants to stay married to me?
How can I deal with my wife never initiating sex?
Why must a married woman change her last name in the U.S.?
How can you know that your girlfriend really loves you and wants to marry you?
Can one get over a narcissistic ex husband after two and half years of separation?
Why do you love your wife/girlfriend?
What is a husband supposed to do, when his wife refuses to make love?
What is a sign that your wife has a lesbian girlfriend?
Why should I marry my lover?
Are young people in China delaying marriage or having a child?
My brother’s wife is preparing to file a fake case against my brother and family. What should we do to defend us?
What are the pros and cons if your partner is dark skinned?
How can I be sure of the guy I want to marry? He does all the right things but I am not able to make up my mind if he is the one?
Can an Indian man and a Venezuelan woman have a happy married life?
My sister (Hindu Brahmin) wants to marry with a Muslim guy who is already married having 3 kids, how can I stop her?
Being a non-Bengali, what should I keep in mind if I want to marry a Bengali girl?
In an Indian family, should I take sides with my wife against my parents?
Does Muslim women only get 1 husband in jannah?
Why would a narcissistic man let his wife keep on accusing him of cheating? And he still stays with her?
Why is Janet Jackson already getting a divorce?
How does my husband keep tabs on me through phone?
What kind of protection do I have as a wife married to a narcissistic possible sociopath husband?
Is it possible for me to marry another man being a gay in India?
What happens when a Karnataka girl marries a guy from Bihar?
Why can an older man marry a girl 10-15 years younger but society looks down at a woman who wants to be with a man 10-15 years younger?
What is the medical explanation for dumb husband and wife having dumb kids?
What is the darkest secret you will not tell your spouse?
What kind of girl would you like to marry?
What did you feel when your bestfriend got married?
Would you sleep with your brother-in-law to save your marriage?
When should a man have sex with his wife?
How can I know what my wife is doing on her phone remotely?
Should a married person stay in the relationship or leave?
If you had to choose between your wife/husband and your children, who would you choose?
How did the return of your ex in your life ruin your marriage?
What documents are required for a fresh passport application for women after marriage?
Why do successful women in India (or the world over) don't get married to not-so-successful men in general?
What are the things that a mother of girls should do when divorcing and if remarrying?
How many married women out there go to bed with their girlfriends?
Can a woman propose to a man to get married to her?
Can you tell me about the legal requirements for a divorce in Pakistan?
How can you stay with your wife in peace?
Do you regret marrying a wrong person who doesn't value his wife’s feelings?
What are your views on wives (working/non-working) washing the innerware of their husbands whereas husbands never do the same?
Does a husband who enjoys spanking his wife suffer from PTSD or a victim of physical/emotional abuse?
What percentage of marriages in India are arranged?
Why does the Indian marriage system favour women only?
Will you marry a man who is not virgin?
Is the Hindu Marriage Act not applicable in Bihar-Jharkhand? A marriage registrar says so.
What is it like to not be married or to be single your entire life?
What are the things a bride should buy?
Why is the amount of alimony directly proportional to the degree of richness of the husband?
What are the ill effects of practicing forst cousin marriages over the generations​?
Is it ok for an unmarried Indian to change religion at the age of 22?
How do I deal with my friend's husband?
Is it okay to make outwith someone who is not going end up marrying you?
Are there actually any men in the world who are "Househusbands"?
Where can I find single women who are US citizens and willing to marry an H1B candidate?
Where can I find Indian-American girls who have US citizenship that I would want to marry?
How do I propose a Bengali girl for marriage?
Is it easy to get married in Romania?
How often do you watch porn after marriage?
Why does an Indian girl prefer a boy in marriage who earns more than she does? Isn't this pseudo-feminism?
Should I date someone who doesn't want to marry me?
What should I do when my loved one is forced to marry someone else by her parents?
My daughter is moving away after getting married, she wants me to move closer or move in with her. Is that a good idea?
How do I leave my husband who keeps stressing me out and makes me "walk on eggshells"?
Why did people start getting married?
Why does a man get married & have children if he’s not rich enough? Why doesn’t he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live lavishly?
My wife is pregnant.she have done her blood test on the recommendation of her gyne. Her report show the TSH is 34.8. Is it dangerous?
How can I ask a girl whether she is ready to marry me in an arranged marriage?
Is it realistic for me to desire marrying a very intelligent man if I'm not overly intelligent myself? I find it so attractive.
Why am I always scared that my husband will cheat on me?
What attitudes should people have about living together before marriage?
Does a husband have rights after a divorce to have part of his ex-wife’s deceased husband's life insurance benefits?
Are you married to your teacher/professor/tutor like Macron is?
Would you kill your wife or sister because she fraternised with an American soldier?
Are there any Madhwa Brahman girls working in Deloitte Bangalore (US India), who are ready for marriage?
How should I choose a girl in an arranged marriage? What points should I keep in mind?
Can Teli caste and Baniya caste people marry each other through arranged marriage?
If you get married is it automatically recorded?
What if getting married isn't an escape?
What are good advises I should keep in mind before getting married?
Is Ranbir Kapoor going to marry a foreigner?
Does an Islam Pisces man really mean it if he says he loves you and wants to marry you?
Can I marry my mothers uncle's daughter's daughter?
Whom do you choose: your wife or your sister?
If taking a dowry is a sin, why is demanding for alimony always a legal entity?
What do you think of pre-wedding shoots? Do they hold any importance?
How do you handle your mother and your lovely girlfriend, who soon could be your wife? Whom should you give the first priority over the other?
How fair is it to talk with your mother-in-law and father-in-law for hours before marriage?
Why am I not able to wish my parents well for their marriage anniversary? Why am I so shy with them?
What reasons besides abuse, infidelity, and incompatibility can cause divorces?
Would it be worth marrying my girlfriend, if we are sexually incompatible?
How do I fall ill on the day of my marriage?
Should I marry a girl who has had physical relations with her brother?
How far should I go (distance-wise) to escape my in-laws? No, more seriously, my husband is a only child and his parents are very clingy. What to do?
How do I control and advise a daughter who wishes to go for an intercaste marriage with another community?
I'm Aries and my husband is Leo, but has a child with a Scorpio woman. They keep coming together, how can I separate them?
What are the 10 things we must know after getting married?
Is it common in the Middle East for straight males to engage in sex with other men before they marry a woman?
Why is same-sex marriage of political concern?
Is it truly possible to have a happy marriage?
Have you ever gotten married to someone you met online?
Why should I marry my girlfriend?
What would be my relationship to my aunt's elder sister’s daughter? Is it allowed for marriage?
Did you agree to give your own salary to your wife?
What does it say in the catholic Bible about sex before marriage?
Is it possible for a codependent to be married to a codependent?
Imagine a 40 years old man travel through time and marry his third cousin's daughter. Will it be possible for him to marry her?
What is the best way to marry an atheist?
Why are so many men willing to throw away years of a good marriage to a decent person just because 'life isn't as fun as it used to be'?
How do I get happiness with my wife?
When was the last time you said 'I love you' to your wife?
What is the meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
After getting mutually divorced, is there any provision to meet your child if your child is with your ex who got married again?
Can an overseas marriage between an Indian citizen and a foreigner be recognised by Indian law upon providing the act of marriage issued abroad?
What are your views about polyandry and polygamy? Does it have benefits?
What are the steps to get married with a foreigner in Indonesia?
Have you ever regretted for confessing your ex's matter with your spouse?
How can I tell the difference between my mother's responsibilities and my wife's?
Who were Ashoka’s wives?
What are some good ways to divorce your Asian wife after just 4 months of controlling and cruel behavior?
How can a brother buy out his sister but also add his wife to his inherited property? Should the sister just sell her half to the wife?
Why does my wife feel useless after leaving her work?
What is the relationship, and is it fair when we are married?
If you thought your spouse was cheating & found a receipt would you ask immediately or try to get more info based on the delivery address?
Can I get detailed information about my education, career and marriage, if I was born in Kumbakonam, Tamil Nadu on the 8th of July, 1992 at 12 pm?
When and why did this system of dowry started in Hinduism?
What are some questions to ask my significant other on date night?
I'm a Finnish citizen. If I marry an American citizen could I legally live in the USA?
Do you know anyone who is staying in an unhappy marriage because they need their spouse’s health insurance?
Is the origin of ‘eu’ in Greco Latin from Turkish ‘ev’ for marriage/home?
When did Meena Kumari get married?
Why is the mistress off the hook if she knows he is married? Shouldn't she have some blame too?
Should I tell my best friend that her husband was adopted? His family are not nice to my friend and her husband has lots of debt from gambling.
What changes when you get married?
Is it better to be right, or to keep the relationship?
What should a man do if his wife leaves his house after learning about his affair with another woman?
What is a good response to a question "Why you don't have a boyfriend / husband?"?
Is it necessary for a girl to get married? What if she doesn't want to or is afraid of marriage?
If a U.S resident does not own a car, is he considered poor and will have trouble finding a girlfriend/wife?
What are the benefits if HCL employees married each other?
Where can I get a man to act with me in front of my husband?
Is there anyone who got pregnant before marriage?
When did you realize you married a boy in a man's body?
Can a man with blood group A positive marry a woman with blood group B Rh positive?
What is the max no. of days a PSB PO can get as a leave for his marriage?
What if you find out your father (within 6 month of your mother's death) and your elder brother is involved with married women having children?
Is it ok if your husband keeps texting with women friends and he knows you don’t like it?
Can I write my husband's surname after my whole name without any documentation?
Is it ok to visit a call girl to satisfy your physical need while you are not married?
Do couples who have been married for a long time still try to impress one another?
Should I marry my girlfriend who is 4 years older than me?
Will any Indian girl prefer to marry me in an arranged marriage if I go bald?
What is life like after marriage in a typical Indian family for a 21st century girl?
How do I get married on the Vancouver Island?
Should gay marriage be allowed or not in our country?
What is the best way get my buddy and his wife to have a threesome?
How do you get your wife to appreciate you?
What kind of ring is suitable for marriage?
Can wives feed their husbands?
What can you do to make your spouse with NPD happy?
Why do men have fantasies about other women, even when they are happily married?
What's the best game to play with my wife?
What do Jewish parents think if their child falls in love with and wants to marry a Christian?
How is married life for Indian immigrants in the USA?
My husband wants a divorce. Can I say "No"?
How do you stop hurting and feeling heartbroken for yourself and for your 2 children after a divorce you didn't want?
How do I break the truth to an obese friend who thinks hedge fund managers should marry her because of her nice personality?
I got married 3 months ago and my wife cries over every little thing (emotional blackmail). How should I handle this?
Is it normal for psychopaths to marry people with less money who don’t look all that good?
What do you do when your wife seems to receive undue attention from other men?
What religion did Shivaji's wife, Sakwar Bai, belong to? What is her family history?
What may be the punishment if a lady is blamed for maintenance, dowry, and harassment over her husband?
What is different between escort and wife?
Will there be marriage in heaven?
Is virginity a main key for a happy life marriage? How important is it? Why and why not.
How should I have sex with my virgin wife on our wedding night?
How does frequent masturbation effect married life?
How many wife's did the Nizam have?
How were you feeling during your marriage?
Why is everyone doing caste marriages in India?
Why didn’t Harry Potter marry Cho Chang? Was it because of her race, her flat face, or because she is not attractive?
Who is your favorite "We Got Married" couple?
My husband said he has been in love with an unknown white woman for 17 years and now he wants a divorce. Is this delusional?
What should I do if my wife feels that she, at the professional level, hasn't reached her full potential?
What are the best questions to ask a guy whom you are meeting for the first time for an arranged marriage to know more about his nature?
What happens when a female Judge gets married to a doctor?
What is the bigger social stigma, not wanting to get married or not wanting kids?
Would a married man spend time and become increasingly close to a woman he wasn't interested in sexually?
Can 2 married people of the opposite sex be just friends?
My husband and I were celebrating a crossword game win when I gave him a high five and he pinched me. Why would he do that?
Were women stoned to death for adulterous relations when Virgin Mary was alive?
A marriage proposal didn’t work out because of our horoscopes. I think the girl is a great companion but she believes in horoscopes. How should I proceed?
What is the name of the old porn in Italian/French where a husband and wife have sex to seduce the neighbour woman and make her have sex with them?
It's been six months since I got married. So, what do you think is the right time to be pregnant?
Is it possible that the oral sex may cause the girl get urethritis after sex?
What is the most unfounded stupid but funny accusation your spouse has made about you?
Do I stay with a controlling, narcissistic husband who hates my kids just because of the money?
I have difference of opinion with my wife. We haven't spoken for more than a year. We live in the same house. Should I go for divorce?
How should I behave with my cheated wife?
Why would I marry? I have never been a fan of families; my sexual life is stabilized. What could be other reasons to marry?
What is the importance of a courtship period for marriage?
If a husband asking for money is a crime, why is it not a crime for a wife to do the same?
Is it possible to be happily married to your life partner, even though it is clear that neither of you have romantic feelings/love for one another?
How do I convince a soon-to-be married man not to cheat on his fiancee with me?
What are the most common marriage problems?
How does state paternity laws apply to same-sex marriages?
Are prisoners in US jails allowed to get married?
What are the problems with young marriages?
What are your thoughts on a two-tier marriage system?
What are the basics requirements of marriage in Islam?
Do all young parent marriages crash?
Has anyone ever had a "good" extramarital affair, in which they did not regret the affair? What were the reasons for it? How did it end?
Most of my friends are married. Seems like I'm the only one who is still single. I feel lonely. What should I do?
Is there a marriage museum in your country?
What are the legal consequences of marriage in the UK?
If your spouse doesn't mind if you cheat on him or her, would you cheat?
How much does it cost to change partners after marriage?
The K2 holder has eloped. The petitioner will not seek an adjustment of status for her. What will happen to the bride?
What were the ages that people got married in the 1860's?
Is it okay for a woman to marry a man who is 12 years older than her?
Is it okay to give a finger ring to your partner before marriage?
According to Hindu law, can a wife (couple separated by mutual consent) file a case against her husband and ask for alimony in the future?
Do marriages between older women and younger men, and vice versa, work?
What unexpected life challenges did you run into after getting married? What were you able to learn about yourselves, each other, and your relationship?
Do you think it's possible for mainland China to legalize same-sex marriage?
What law should be used against an Indian husband to continue the matrimonial profile after marriage and to chat with girls in matrimonial chats?
Is it possible to feel something for your well known male friend after you married to another man?
What should I do before bringing and marrying a hot foreign girlfriend to the US?
Why do some religions prevent their priests from marrying when the Bible does not prevent the marrying of priests (Luke 1:5-8 and Matthew 8:14)?
Why do many Baniyas believe in dowry? Why do they ask the bride’s side to tell them how much they are going to spend on the wedding?
As a Muslim parent, will you allow your underage girl to get married to a man much older than she is?
Can I get a court marriage with a girl without informing her parents?
My wife does not share much, even after 1.5 year of marriage. What should I do?
What's it like being the child in a divorce?
I lost my close friends in my divorce process. Is that common?
Is there an expiration date for a civil wedding?
What is the best place around Bangalore to take my wife out on her first birthday after marriage?
Is India the worst country to get married for men, with so much female-centric laws ready to screw their life?
In Islam why are we supposed to consumate the marriage on the night of the Nikah?
Can I live my life alone by loving a girl deeply without marriage?
I am engaged to a girl who loves someone else. Her parents won't let her marry him as he is from another caste. What should I do?
Whenever I ask my boyfriend for marriage, he only delays. He never says no. But my parents want me to get married. What should I do?
Do Turkish girls marry Indian boys?
Is converting to Islam for the sake of your future children/marriage wrong?
How do you get it when you partner says he's not ready to get married after living together for a year?
When requested to do a pointless task, what should I do if the resulting argument by disagreeing would actually take longer than the task itself?
What is the ideal romantic situation for a married couple on a daily soap opera?
Why are a number of people, especially Bollywood celebrities, becoming fathers or mothers without being married, even though they are rich?
Is it okay to contact my husband's former mistress?
Do you think Katrina has taken a right decision for marrying a man like Ranbir Kapoor, even after being aware of his womanizing ways?
Do you regret not marrying a working woman and missing out on the second income?
Is it ok for men in India if they know his wife had sex with other guy?
What should a mother say to her daughter when she is getting married?
Why do people still stay married after the biggest fights, cheatings, lies etc?
Is it normal for an Indian boy to get married at the age of 23?
Does a married woman have rights to her fathers property which he has given to someone else on a will?
Is it ok to marry a divorcee?
Why is marriage compulsory in India?
How many girls suffer from death by dowry?
How can I start my studies after marriage?
Why don't Muslim girls marry Hindu guys as often as Muslim guys marrying Hindu girls?
Should I agree to get married because my mom and dad are feeling old and scared?
What was your reaction to catching your spouse in the act of cheating?
In KSA, do they kill people for adultery/cheating on their spouse?
What should be the ground rules be for a husband and wife working in the same organisation?
Why should a woman sacrifice in a marriage?
What makes a husband cheat on his beautiful and loving wife?
My wife sometimes yelled at me that I ruined her whole life and will not stay with me, though I satisfied her demands one by one. What should I do?
Why do we have to get married? Why is the need to get married so great that people are willing to marry someone they barely know?
Would Muslim girls abscond from marrying the prophet Muhammad if he was alive now?
What are some pros and cons of residing with in-laws after marriage?
Why are so many people deciding to remain single and why is the divorce rate so high?
Is it a good idea to talk to your ex before getting married?
Is it ok when a wife with a kid stays permanently in her home, strictly saying no to her in-laws’ home, when the husband is working abroad?
Is it okay to get married in college if you are in a healthy relationship?
Who do you blame in an affair? The woman or the man who vowed his loyalty to his wife?
How do I file for divorce in India on the basis of mental harassment or an incompatible relationship?
Should I regret never being in a relationship before marriage?
In a marriage without sex, what can promote both intimacy and a sense of exclusivity?
What are some good tips or techniques for a man to excite his wife in bed?
What can happen to a person if they don't marry the one they love?
How can I teach someone a lesson who sent me a vulgar mail with a lot of "f**ks" in it, just because I said no to her parents for marriage?
In India, does a married daughter have any right to her father's self-earned property? (Note that the father's property is not ancestral property.)
How likely is it that a marriage will work if the guy cheats within the first year?
Is it worth waiting for sex until marriage? Why or why not?
How is Bhadra depicted as the son of Bhallaladeva, when the wife of Bhallaladeva is not shown?
Can a guy marry a lady who is 4 year older than him?
If a girl gets pregnant, should she and the father of her unborn child get married or is it totally irrelevant?
Is the dowry tradition relative and falsely exaggerated by girls’ parents?
Is it ok for my wife to sleep with my penis inside her?
Why does my husband sleep on the couch and not with me?
Is a marriage between a Brahman and a Hindu Bengali possible in India?
How do Indian girls view an affair or relationship with a young, unmarried smoking hot male teacher?
While going through a divorce, my husband disappeared. Will my divorce be granted with a settlement?
In the United States, what percentage of average, non-"sleazy" men cheat on their wives?
Can an Indian engagement end if the bride is no longer a virgin?
Why would a narcissistic mother be there for her children and husband?
How will life be for an Indian girl who was born and brought up in Dubai to get married (arranged) and settle down in Germany?
Does a startup have a better chance of being successful than a marriage?
For couples with school-aged children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
What are some good personal wedding vow samples?
How can I convince my wife to participate in group sex ?
What is your favorite way to end a day?
What's the point in getting married when it's such a financial risk?
Why do some wives want to have sex in the morning only?
Is it impossible for me to find a serious relationship after a failed marriage? Guys seem to discriminate me because I have a kid.
Will a Rajput girl's parents allow their daughter to marry a Kerala boy?
I'm happier after my divorce even though my ex is in the dumps. How do I deal with this guilt?
If you are a male, and for some reason you can never get married (disability, severe lack of confidence etc.), how do you cope?
Will an Indian, narcissist husband consider divorce after the silent treatment, considering it's difficult to find new sources?
What are the benefits I will get by marrying a working woman?
Do Manglik boys ever get married?
Why would a person get married & have children if he's not rich enough? Why doesn't he spend his earnings & savings on himself and live his life lavishly?
How does the Indian wives behave with their husbands?
Is it necessary to marry again after a painful divorce? What are the counter side effects of being alone?
Who are some scientists who funded their careers through funding lulls by marrying rich?
Why would a man continuously go back to the woman he's been having an affair with, even after telling said woman he won't leave his wife?
How do you recover after discovering that your deceased spouse was unfaithful?
Did you marry up, marry down, or marry equal?
Can one marry another woman if they have the consent of their first wife?
Can you have sex with your wife whilst in prison?
Are there any notable men who fell in love with and married a prostitute?
If someone marries a woman with a kid, how does society react?
How many people get married due to social/family pressure in India?
I am always confused about what to wear where? I am 25 yrs old married Indian women. I am generally comfortable in western outfit but never confident
What does a boy expect from his future wife?
Will they remove my husband’s name off the lease because lately they’ve been finding ways for him to move back to the barracks?
When prophet Muhamad (saw) died he left behind 9 widows. Who then ordered Muslims to marry just 4 wives?
Can a marriage in India be registered with two different marriage dates?
How would you respond if your wife or girlfriend ask you if you think she's chubby?
We are 52 and 53; I am in premenopause. My husband wants it all the time, and we're both frustrated. What is a fair compromise on sex in a marriage?
What can we learn from arranged marriages?
What happens when a narcissistic girl marries an empath?
What would you like to cook in the absence of your wife/hubby?
What amount of alimony should I get if I was married to my ex-husband for 1 just month and I'm leaving him for my boyfriend of 6 years?
How can broken trust be restored in a marriage?
Did Bruce Lee cheat on his wife?
How can I do online marriage in Pakistan?
Which Hindu Mantra can be chanted for getting married?
What is best, living relationships or marriage?
I'm dating a woman whom I would want to marry but I'm not sexually attracted to her. Is this a sign that the relationship is unsustainable?
How can a man cope when he loves someone else aside from his wife and all he wants is to have a mistress/2nd wife and also maintain the first wife?
Can a pair who betray their spouses and leave them to be together sustain their relationship for long & how can they trust knowing they both cheated?
Why did Muhammad marry his adopted son's wife?
Can married life be predicted before getting married?
Why does a cancer man break up with the woman (loyal Virgo girl) he promised to marry.? Will he ever go back to her for reconciliation?
Why are children born to Hindu mothers married to Muslim men fanatic Muslims?
How can you treat your husband's insecurities?
Is it wrong to marry a lady 12 years younger than me?
Will the dowry system in the Kerala Muslim community end?
Is it possible to inter-caste a marriage between a Yadav community girl and a Brahmin boy?
Is it wrong to have a love affair with someone else, while your spouse wants to stay married with you without sex?
Is it true that Nicole Kidman is scared to divorce husband Keith Urban because she will have to pay him alimony?
What should a mother of two children do if she finds out that her officer husband engaged in oral sex before and after their marriage?
As a newly married working-class lady, is it advisable to hand my salary over to my husband once received? What are the pros and cons?
What do you think about a psychologist seeing both partners of a marriage separately and indefinitely?
What is the simple meaning of, “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Can I marry my maternal grandmom’s brother’s son’s daughter?
Marriage or cohabitation, which do you prefer?
Can a Pakistani marry a Moroccan woman?
What job offer did Bill Clinton ignore so he could be with Hilary before they got married?
Wife filed RCR after NRI husband got divorce in USA. What will happen in the court?
My boyfriend cursed me because we have little misunderstanding, can I marry that kind of person?
Which blood group for a boy is suitable for a B-Negative girl for marriage?
Are al-hoor al-iyn (virgins) concubines or wives of Muslims in Jannah?
What was your outcome after hiring a PI to spy on your spouse?
Should I marry a girl whom I don't like but my family members love?
Why are some mothers and husbands so negative?
What you do if your husband had an overly high sex drive?
Should I stop begging my boyfriend to marry me and find somebody else?
Why do so many Iranians in America marry out of their group?
Would anyone marry me? I have many issues.
What do you do when your wife doesn't want a divorce, but wants to be on her own for a while?
Which is preferable, living together with or without a marriage certificate? Why?
What can I do if I am being mentally, financially and emotionally harassed by my husband even after 10 years of marriage?
Is it reasonable for a couple to come to an agreement that the one that wants children be the one responsible for most of the childcare?
What would you do if a girl threatens to kill herself unless you marry her?
Will you allow your spouse to practice their own religion?
My in-laws ignored me at a gathering. My partner believed them, when they said they didn't, instead of taking my side. Is this a deal breaker?
What is it that a girl in India usually sees in a guy in an arranged marriage? Does anyone who has earned with hard labor get any response from girls?
If the Hindu Marriage act is amended and allowed for multiple marriages how many of them would be interested?
What is the expected length of time one should visit with their spouse in a hospital?
How do I find the courage to divorce my wife?
Have you cried over your wife?
Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife?
What is the correct time to make decisions about life like career, marriage, etc.?
Does your wife squirt if you put your thumb up her ass during sex?
How has marriage made you a better person?
Happily married for 7yrs and very much in love with my wife? Is it normal to still be attracted to other women to the point I feel like cheating?
Why do women love their parents instead of their husbands?
How difficult is it to be married to a soldier?
How are small societies and large ones different when it comes to attitudes toward marriage?
Is it hard for a man to improve his professional career after marriage?
How do you leave your husband when you’re just not in love anymore but don't want to hurt him?
Would you marry somebody in the same profession as yours? Why? Why not?
How can I find out if my wife is on dating sites?
How do you deal with a spouse who is an extreme people pleaser?
If asked today, would you be able to name the number one thing your spouse needs from your relationship? Would your spouse be able to do the same?
I have to be very good to my husband's relatives, but he does not do the same. How do I cope with it?
How can I get up the nerve to play the songs I wrote in front of my wife if they involve painful relationship issues we've been through in the past?
How did marriage impact your career, daily lifestyle and life generally? And what advice do you have for new couples?
What should I do if I am in a loving relationship with a married guy (who loves his wife too) and time-to-time I feel jealous of his wife?
What are the remedies for incompatibility in marriage?
What are the causes of failed marriages?
Why do some married women not like sex?
What should​ I look for in my future​ wife?
If you are unable to 'fit in' for much of your life (socially, jobs, marriages, etc.), what are the potential reasons? Can they be overcome?
Which cultures have the healthiest marriages?
Why is the groom expected to pay for the wedding house in China?
Why does a man feel forced to marry a stranger when he loves another?
Can two men marry each other out of love and not sexually be called gay?
If a lady is married and gets married again without a divorce, who made the mistake?
In our country which part of the marriage ceremony is conducted lavishly, apart from the customs they follow?
Why do most boys become more interested in married women?
What should I do if my wife doesn't like sex anymore?
How difficult is it to get Europe visa? I have recently quit my job as I am getting married in few months. What are the documents needed?
Can anyone force me to stay with my husband if I don't want to?
Do women find it titillating to have sex with a married man?
What is Tejasvita Apte's view on fake dowry allegations against men?
When parents disapprove of marrying a guy with lesser educational qualifications, even though the guy and girl are madly in love, what is the solution?
In a general sense, what should I expect from being married to a Georgian (as in the country next to Turkey)?
Why is prenuptial agreement not valid in India?
What is the best age for Marriage in Pakistan?
Even in the 20th century, why are many Indian parents still opposed to love marriages?
Is it okay to have a girlfriend while I am happily married?
What do you do when you are forced into a marriage? Do you leave the person or compromise?
Is it possible to live without getting married?
How can marriage destroy someone?
If a wife registers for "file and suspend," when can her husband receive spousal benefits?
Do Indian martyrs’ wives get married again?
Does one have to be married to have IVF done in China?
Why were many prominent Catholics married two or three times?
Should I be offended if my boyfriend didn't say Happy Mother's Day to me even though I do stuff for his daughter all the time?
How do I convince my Muslim parents to allow an intercaste marriage with a Brahmin guy?
Is an IAF servant allowed to be a live-in without marriage?
What is the government of Singapore's stance on same-sex marriage?
Can I, a divorcee marry a bachelor?
Should I be leery about dating a 55 year old man that has never been married?
What should I do if my mother-in-law always shows partiality between her two daughters-in-law?
How can I marry? I am 20 years old.
Would you deliberately allow someone to make your wife pregnant if you know you are not fertile?
Is it better to live alone or have a spouse that causes misery and emotional torment?
Why do Indian parents always prefer an arranged marriage over a love marriage?
Do all marriage restrictions now have to be placed in the Constitution?
What are the tips you want to give to the bride who is getting married in 1 month?
If you are successful then is it necessary to get married?
Do Kashmiris marry European women?
What are the merits and demerits of same age marriage?
Why is it so difficult to get married in India? I have been trying since 3 years now, but still not able to find a decent girl for myself.
How do you begin to let go of losing a spouse?
What is the Christian point of view regarding dating before marriage? Is it sin?
What does it feel like to sleep with another man’s wife?
Can a Manglik affect the health and well-being of a non-Manglik after marriage? What are the other ramifications of such a marriage?
If one spouse is in the medical field (physician) and the other isn't, are they more likely to divorce?
Is divorce as hard on young kids as we're told it is?
What do you do if your husband lies to you?
Why is inter-caste marriage more important than an ideal marriage?
Are Pakistani husbands good to their wives, or do they cheat?
What do you think about inter-religious marriages?
What should we know before starting our family?
In India nowadays, married women are misusing dowry laws. What do you say about this?
Is it important to get married even when you are not doing good in your career (female)?
How does a girlfriend or wife react when her boyfriend or husband has premature ejaculation?
How can I forget the guy who left me and decide to marry another girl for his family or whatever reason?
What are some of ways to surprise your wife in bed?
What is it about married men who interact a lot with unattached, attractive women on Facebook? Should their wives get concerned?
How should I resolve a conflict between myself and my family about my future marriage?
Is there a way to legally stop a divorce from happening if the children and one spouse are against it?
In a country with illegal homosexual marriage, is it legal to marry a transman to a transwoman or a gay man to a gay woman?
What should you do when your partner makes a promise to marry you, stays with you, and then suddenly leaves you saying that his parents won’t like you?
How do I prepare myself to face the future after I separate from my husband?
How much difference is there between your height and your spouse's?
Is it acceptable in court to seek a divorce if, in an arranged marriage, the bride or groom hid some medical condition from the to-be spouse prior to the marriage?
Should a 43 year old man marry a 26 year old woman?
Can a married girl complete her CA with all the responsibilities in her in-law’s house?
Did all great people in the world have a happy married life?
If a person's name is Padma Ramesh, where Ramesh is her husband's name, what should be her given name and surname in her passport?
How does it feel to cheat on your spouse?
Why would a woman who has been given a triple talaq want to stay with her husband?
How do I convince typical Indian parents to allow for an intercaste marriage when the families know each other but may not want to be relatives?
My husband is extremely wealthy but will not pay for my daughter’s college tuition. What are the legal limits of using his money without his approval?
Are there any Cancer man and Gemini woman successfully and happily married couples on Quora?
Could I marry a Mormon woman as a transman?
Has Sagarika Ghatge gotten more popular by marrying Zaheer Khan?
Why there are so few good-looking grooms and brides on matrimonial sites?
Is there an inter-caste/casteism problem faced in European countries during marriages?
How would it be if, instead of a married couple (usually) taking the last name of the man, their last names were mixed with one half of one name and one half of the other name?
Are toxic in-laws a deal breaker for a potential marriage?
Can I have a relationship with a guy who doesn't wanna marry?
What if your wife prefers to hang with friends?
Is it possible to inherit mother's community for children born out of inter community marriage?
Should people marry?
Why do Son think different (more towards wife) after marriage?
Will I be able to get rid of the narcissist in my life after discovering that I have been married to one for the last 45 years?
Is it wrong to have feelings for your ex even though he is married? How can you get rid of these feelings?
How do I change the thinking of my parents, who are against a love marriage?
How can a person leave a person he loves so much if she has developed a chronic disease, and marry someone else? Don't they feel any pain?
My wife has been caught cheating and divorce is about to be finalized. How do I not fail my daughter as a father if I’m not getting custody of her?
Which is the best marriage match site?
What needs to be done if I want to marry Shraddha Kapoor and I'm only 21?
What does the law state for a cruel husband having many affairs and has applied for divorce?
How do I know that the person I am going to marry is legal?
How can you explain the formalities of a traditional Hindu marriage on the basis of science?
According to the Hinduism, is marriage a sin?
Can Christians perform BDSM if they are married?
What day would you consider to be the most special to you to be married on?
What can a woman do if after 28 years of marriage, she finds her husband doing phone sex late at night? Should she trust him again?
Would my future wife put up with my jealousy if it was only a once a month episode?
How do I overcome from sadness after the death of spouse?
If I get a working holiday visa (IEC) and get married after getting it, do I have to process it again?
With shortage of women in China, why are there not more Chinese men marrying foreign women? Rather, the opposite is true.
Can a Nigerian man marry a German woman?
I want to marry a girl from Delhi who is an orphan. How can I proceed further?
Is there a device that let you withdraw blood sample from some one when hes asleep or unaware? Like face-off movie when the wife tried it her husband
Can a man get alimony from his wife?
How can I handle my husband, who is too attached to his mother?
What are the similarities between you and your spouse?
Is there any court ruling in which a separated wife is denied of maintenance from her husband due to her high qualification?
Why is it necessary to give a transfer on spousal grounds when both the husband and wife are priviliged with government jobs?
How do you feel when your husband leaves you for his parents?
I am getting married to my long distance boyfriend of 2 years. I am not happy about it and I am unsure. Should I get married so that I don't hurt him?
If you have been in a long term relationship/marriage with an NPD, can you, yourself, become one even temporarily?
Should I marry a girl who earns more than me, but behaves like an animal with me? Her behaviour is worse than that of an animal.
Why do some men not want to marry or get into serious relationships when they're getting old?
How can I decode information that my cheating husband has on his S5?
What is worse: your wife, whom you loved very much, dies or that same wife confesses that she cheated and leaves you?
Is it possible for a man to marry a lady older than him?
How common is to wife swap between brothers in joint families in India?
After being married, why can you never be "single" again?
How do you relate to your ex-wife?
How do I get a new home for my wife and I, and our son who is disabled, when we have no money?
What are the scientific reasons a single partner sex life could be more fulfilling?
What are some ways to come alongside a spouse who was abused as a child? How do you keep this from affecting your marriage?
What news outlets in the US can help a woman expose her ongoing plight with Family Court and her ex-husband?
Have you ever had sex with a married woman?
At what age, generally, does a male doctor get married?
Why do friends change after marriage or after getting a job?
What should I say to a stubborn relative trying to convince me to get married when I want to focus on my studies?
How do I handle when my husband scolds me in front of everyone and I can’t stop crying?
How has too much masturbation affected your married life?
Why do men cheat despite their wives' love and support for them?
Are arranged marriages good or bad?
Are there any non-Indian girls who like Indian culture and want to marry an Indian guy? In that case, would you settle in India?
Is it ethical for your marriage therapist to start seeing both individuals in the marriage on a one-on-one basis while still in marriage counseling?
I used to be quite an optimist. My husband called me his sugar coater. Life happened and that faded. How can I get back to that attitude?
Can you be inlove with a married man and you just can't let him go?
What are the signs of a married Muslim guy/man?
Can I date a second cousin once removed?
Why is it so hard to understand a woman, when she is your wife especially?
Inspite of being a dedicated wife, why do I feel the urge to show my love and care for someone other than my husband?
What is the best marriage proposal planner in Singapore?
Do men usually buy their wives something for Mother’s Day?
Are sexually satisfied women less prone to have extramarital affairs?
When and how do I decide that I should go for a divorce and end my 2-year-old marriage?
Will Muslim parents accept their daughter marrying a well-settled Hindu guy?
Why do people change after marriage or after getting a job?
How do closeted men have children with women if they're gay? How do some of them marry women if they have no romantic or sexual feelings for the women?
What do you do if you're having sex with your spouse in the middle of the night and your child comes in?
Should I divorce my husband after 17 years of marriage, due to constant disagreements and no love? I am a working mom of a 7-year-old daughter.
Why do people think "Ms." means previously married?
Do you find it humiliating to ask for sex from your wife?
Is it best to tell your spouse that you cheated on him/her once before?
What is the best way to convince modern guys that marriage is useful to them?
Is there a scene in the anime/manga/hiden novels when Kakashi said/implied that he wants to get married?
Did you ever think about marrying your best friend in fear of losing him/her forever?
What should I do? I cannot believe she is asking me to get married.
Whose life is better, a married man's or a bachelor’s?
Do you agree that the police shouldn't accept the cases where the wife petitions for a case in a police station, without an investigation against the husband?
How do I decide whether the person I am meeting for an arranged marriage is the right person for me?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
Can a Gazetted Officer marry a girl of a different religion?
What is the marriage rate of developed countries?
Is there an app that can help husbands keep track of their wife's periods, so that we they can make their lives comfortable?
What is one thing you could do today to improve your marriage?
What is a monogamous relationship?
What would your reaction be to your husband lying about going hiking but instead he was off photographing a naked woman who is a stranger?
Why does a wife listen to other people more than her own husband who loves her so much?
Is it wrong to reject a guy in an arranged marriage because he had a small penis?
How can I convince my mother to allow me to marry my boyfriend, who is from a different caste?
Can Indian women marry a girl who earns less than her?
Which is the best for bride groom in marraige?
Why do some Malaysians like to ask "when are you going to be married?"
What should I do? My husband has a chance to move to Guangzhou to develop his business, but I am at Xi’an. His leader told him that he can bring me with.
Should I leave my girlfriend who says she might marry someone else if her parents insist?
How many times have you been divorced?
Can a husband take his wife's caste after marriage?
Is look important for marriage?
My friend is going through a bad marriage. Where can she find an affordable psychologist in Toronto?
How do I become an ordained marriage officiate legally in Florida?
If the dowry system stops in India, will women and their families stop expecting high salary guys as their groom?
As part of an arranged marriage proposal, I was talking to the guy for the last 4 months. Only now he tells me he doesn't have any feelings for me. What should I do?
How helpful is swallowing semen for my wife?
Why do wives hold back on sex with their husbands but do have sex with other guys?
Are atheists forced to convert to Islam if they marry a Muslim woman in Singapore and Malaysia?
We have been friends for the last 2 years. She fell in love with me, but she was scared of her family. She proposed but didn’t want to continue. We’re not talking now. I want her. What should I do?
Is it possible to for a civilian doctor to marry a female army officer?
How do I convince my wife that I'm not cheating if I have before?
Under which circumstances should I intervene if a man hits or threatens his girlfriend or wife in public?
Why do men cheat and lie to their wives? If they want to cheat why don't they just tell their wife or leave?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate, as you love your mate so much?
Would you go back to your country during summer for your cousin's wedding when you know you will get bored and sad during that vacation “at your country” with people you don’t get along or would you rather stay happily where you are and not attend the wedding?
Do Muslim girls marry Hindu, Christian, Jews etc.?
How can an Indian man marry a British woman?
How can I fill out a marriage license application?
Can a girl from Maithi Brahmin marry a Bhardwaj boy?
What will I do if my parents don't allow me to marry my love one?
Did you​ happen to marry your school or college sweetheart? Share pics if possible.
Is it rape if someone's mom forces him to have sex with his wife?
What are some questions one should ask themself before they get married?
Why would my friend get engaged to be married but not actually get married?
Are there narcissistic husbands who are responsible providers?
Is extramarital affair on a the given condition is right?
What was Laci Peterson's husband’s name?
If you were a god, would you be okay with five men gambling their wife (polymorous) in a game of poker?
To young married couples, do you have difficulty being married and working/studying at the same time? How do you balance your married life and studies?
When will an AI replace my husband?
My wife asked for a divorce and now she's acting all happy. What gives? Why is she acting like this?
How can a Lebanese Muslim guy marry his Hindu girlfriend in Dubai?
Why was the mut’a marriage system (temporary marriage) formed?
Is it compulsary to change name on all documents of a Hindu girl after getting converted?
Do Indian parents give an equal education and an equal amount of food to their son and their daughter?
Do majority of Arabs still practicing polygamy?
Why is a Hindu bride made to believe that her husband has a god-like status and hence she should bear him whatever the circumstances?
Can there be a nuptial agreement between couples long after marriage? Are they legally valid when needed?
Which country has insufficient men for marriage?
What is it like to be married to a Japanese man?
Why do some people like to see their wives having sex with others?
Why do female narcissist prefer married men?
How can I marry someone like Spartacus?
What is the best plot twist for a story in which a girl is getting married to the person she doesn't like?
If your father is handsome and your mother is ugly, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
How do I handle marriage pressure from parents?
Does women’s libido remain the same with age or there’s some drastic drop after kids are born and many years of marriage?
Will people feel guilty after breaking up with their love for their own selfishness and then marrying someone else?
Is marriage really a big deal? Its just two people start living together, like flatmates sharing a room.Why so much planning and money involved?
How can I ask her father for her hand in marriage if he is orthodox?
Can my wife flash the room servant?
Can I read my husband’s texts without him knowing?
What are some pieces of advice to help Indian young married couple get ahead financially?
One guy is not interesting in sex with his wife. How can we know if he is impotent?
Can H1B1 spouses work?
Is it bad for single people to give advice to married people and vice-versa?
My age is 24. My parents are forcing me for marriage. But I want to work for 1 year. What can I do?
Does sex after marriage really require more effort, or are people exaggerating?
What do you if your partner, who is 20+ years older dies? How do you cope?
Why is calling your husband by his name considered a taboo by some Indian societies?
Can I marry my grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
Will a guy want to marry a girl with diffuse hair loss?
Did you ever hit your husband with a frying pan?
Why is it that the richer the man, the more likely he would betray his wife by cheating?
What are Jehova Witness marriage laws when a couple separate?
How do I stand up to my narcissistic MIL when I feel I can't be myself around her?
What is love world in terms of a marriage? I’m curious about what everyone thinks.
How do I deal with my wife if she is wasting my whole salary on shopping?
What are the secrets/deeds you can't say or are afraid to say to your partner?
How can people follow Mohammad when it is claimed in his biography that he married his son's wife and got Aisha pregnant when she was just 9?
Do English people get a pre-marriage contract like in America?
What are some of the questions you've to answer yourself before getting married?
How can I stop my wife from being rude and make her visit my parents occasionally?
What are the legalities surrounding Mail Order Brides and Husbands?
I am getting divorced because I was not aware of the severity of my PCOS before and my husband thinks I deceived him. Do I deserve this?
Does a wife that gets beaten by her husband have the ability to exonerate him?
How do I convince my Hindu boyfriend's parents to marry me? I’m a Muslim.
Should getting a divorce be an easy process? What were your experiences?
How does it feel before marriage?
Can I marry my niece? I have a complicated situation.
Can I marry my paternal grandfather's sister's son's sister's daughter's son's son?
Will Rana Daggubati marry a Maharashtrian girl?
Is it illegal to follow your husband to find the girl he is having an affair with? I am from TN, India. He complained to police that I am following him.
How can I prevent my husband from cheating on me and the kids?
How do I convince my parents to permit my love marriage with a boy of the same caste and same age? The boy's income and property are comparatively less.
How do you and your spouse see your future together? Are your expectations the same or different?
How would I be able to marry my Sunni Muslim girlfriend of Egyptian heritage when I myself am a white Christian?
What is the science behind women changing their surname after marriage?
Do Filipino women date/marry uncircumcised men?
How do I marry a United States girl?
Am I cheating on my husband if it's with a girl?
Is it true that beautiful girls don't want doctors as husbands?
Why do people give importance to dating or marriage as if one would die without those?
In India, in an interracial marriage, what happens with dowry and wedding expenses?
Why are Indian men pushy about celebrating Diwali at his house post marriage?
Are there any interfaith love marriage stories in India?
What does it feel like when you begin having sex just after you get married?
How do I get a court marriage done in Delhi?
How does marriage work in Poland?
For same-sex couples in conservative countries which do not consider your status as a couple, do you ever feel hopeless in your future?
How does it feel to marry your first cousin whom you never liked nor thought about it in your wildest of dreams?
What are the things other than virginity that I must see in the girl that I am going to marry?
Is it good to wait for marriage until you're financially free?
I am 20 years old and I completed my graduation. When should I marry my girlfriend?
Do you help your wife with housechores? Does your husband help you with housechores?
Why and in what way do financial hardships cause marriages to fall apart?
Will Pakistanis break the tradition of marrying their own sisters and brothers?
What would be the new talaq and marriage laws under the uniform civil court (in India)?
Is dating married women without doing sexual intercourse comes under adultery in Indian law?
Have you ever caught any wife/husband doing a childish activity?
What qualities are considered by modern Indonesian men when it comes to marriage?
Is it ok to marry an ex who got a divorce after a marriage of 10 days?
Is it normal to obsess over your husband's ex when there is nothing going on between them?
Is it weird for a 41-year-old guy to marry a 22-year-old woman?
What will my wife get when we divorce after 3 months of marriage?
Can marriage help to attain enlightenment?
What kinds of gifts are good for grooms and brides?
How do I mention my zodiac preferences for match compatibility in my matrimonial profile (India)?
How would it be marrying a short girl?
How do I get over the guilty feeling that I have since I decided to live in a separate house than my parents in same city for my wife?
What is the probability that 10 married couples selected at random will have anniversaries on different days in a year?
What are the questions you want to ask a guy when you are going to marry him?
Is it possible to get genital warts if you have been faithfully married to the same person for 10 years?
My husband gifted me a very beautiful and expensive bra he bought from Australia. It's slightly bigger for me. What can I do to make it fit me?
What exactly is a Jocosta complex? Are there any real life examples of such a fixation?
How should I deal with divorced parents and court?
What do girls want their husband to be like?
How does a King get married?
This 27-year-old married woman named PK secretly hangs out with Ray, a 54-year-old man every day, while her husband is at work. Is PK cheating? Is it wrong for a married woman to do that?
As a PR, can you sponsor your elder brother to Canada even though you are married with a kid?
I’m 24 and my 18-year-old boyfriend wants a child. I have one already, and we want to get married. Should we have one? I think we will be very happy and good.
How can a girl from a low caste convince her high caste boyfriend to get married, with parents’ permission?
My husband mentally and financially abuses me. What should I do?
Should a Canadian marry a girl with an asylum visa in the USA?
What should I do if I find out that my husband is using cocaine?
Do Indian Muslim men support polygamy? If yes, why?
How do marriages promote morals in Islam, when divorces are rampant? Women end up with many husbands and unwanted children and are worse than prostitutes.
What procedure is necessary to get married to a Filipino lady in the Philippines and how long?
How is married life for a female IFS officer?
How do I convince my wife to have sex with me?
Can a Telugu guy marry a Malayali girl?
Would you be willing to forgive your spouse if he/she had sex with another person, though it could be termed accidental?
Why in Islam is marriage a legal contract between two persons, while divorce or triple talaq is a matter of faith and based on religious beliefs?
How does one break up a marriage to seduce someone?
I am married and separated, I feel lonely when I go to my home. How to get over it?
How do I get over a divorce from a serial liar?
Why is intercaste marriage so important compared to ideal marriage?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
How do I find a Muslim revert to marry in the USA?
Why are some wives so reluctant towards sex and deny indulging in it very often?
The person with the most influence on a person is their spouse. Why is there not a requirement for POTUS's spouse to also be a natural-born American?
Should I be involved with married women?
Is it possible​ for me to marry​ a Pakistani girl on today's​ date?
Would any housewife allow her husband to be a cross-dresser?
Do prenuptial agreements also include not getting any insurance benefits after the death of the partner?
Is it true Shias can temporarily marry their mothers in the tradition of Mutah?
Why would my sister want my husband and me to sleep in separate rooms when we visit her?
Is it weird to have sex with a woman who has kids and a husband?
Is waiting to have sex until marriage a waste of time in life?
Can a marriage survive on frequent hate sex?
Could the frequency of sexual intercourse be a condition of a prenuptial agreement?
Why am I always trying to catch my wife doing me wrong?
What kind of questions should be asked during the first meeting for an arranged marriage?
What are the names of Baahubali’s wife and children?
Can anyone say that it was understandable why they cheated on their spouse?
Which would you choose: a love marriage or an arranged marriage? What is your experience?
Why would a guy you are casually seeing talk about marrying you?
My boyfriend lets his married friend use his apartment to cheat on his wife. Does that mean he'll cheat on me?
He's been separated for nearly one year and has yet to be divorced. When is it okay to couple up?
Who is more prone to cheat on their partners, arranged-marriage couples or love-marriage couples?
I’m in an arranged marriage of 5 months with a loving & caring husband, yet I feel it's a sense of moral duty driving him. What do I do? He says to give it time.
What can an Indian daughter do if her parents are not ready to give money for her higher education because they want to marry her off?
Was it necessary for Robb Stark to marry Talisa when he did? Couldn’t he have just waited and broke the Frey alliance after their victory?
Which is the best dress for an Indian bride?
Is a woman eligible for maintenance and alimony in an ex parte divorce?
How does marrying within one’s own community or within relations differ from marrying one’s own sister or brother?
What do you do when you believe your husband is cheating?
My husband doesn't like my family to come home. What should I do now?
What are the consequences of one who witnesses a court marriage in India?
What would you do? I found out that my husband lied directly to my face about going off to photograph nude models.
How do I pick someone on matrimonial sites when there are so many of them?
Would a county clerk be committing an ethical breach by issuing a marriage license to an of-age person who didn't appear to be of sound mind?
Can a Karnataka guy marry a Bengali girl?
I am in my early sixties, and relocated after divorcing my abusive husband. I feel broken and weary. How do I pick myself up? What did you do?
Do Indian girls reject boys older than than 30 years old for arranged marriages more than younger ones?
What are the remedies for an incompatible marriage, astrologically?
What is the right of a wife to a husband's property?
Why didn’t my narcissistic husband want to make love to me?
Statistically what are the chances of finding "the one" then having a relationship with that person that lasts?
What does it say in Islam about sex before marriage?
Can a Japanese empress marry a European royal and remain her position in Japan?
Should I marry this 40-year-old colleague of mine? He is perfect for me. I took a lot of time to decide that. The only concern is age. I am 26 years old.
How do I find out if my wife is cheating on me on her phone?
Are love marriages less successful than arranged marriages in Indian Muslims?
What is the need for a spouse ground transfer when they already have the privilege of two govt jobs?
Can I have two wives?
Should one inform a person of their spouse's infidelity?
Can you ask for a marriage annulment instead of a divorce in California?
What is the best way to catch my wife cheating?
Why do celebrities marriages work?
How many girls’ parents had health issues when their daughter married a Muslim guy in India?
How do I explain to my wife that I do not want my kids to attend church until they are able to make up their own mind?
Why can the Chief Rabbinical Court in Israel still have jurisdiction over civil-married Jewish couples on their divorce? What is the jurisprudence?
How should I ask a woman to adjust her habits post-marriage?
Which man should I marry: the one I love or the one who loves me?
I am in love with someone who is not my wife. I care for my wife, love our 2 kids, but am hopelessly in love with the other woman. What should I do?
How do the women in a polygamous type of marriage feel?
Does the Matsya Purana authorise a husband to beat his erring wife with a rope or split bamboo?
What are the pros and cons of a 23-year-old woman marrying a 38-year-old man?
What is the divorce law in Australia? Who does get the assets?
Why do married men feel regret about their marriage?
Are there any special benefits if HCL employees married each other?
How do you emotionally cope when your ex-narcissist has moved on to more money and a new marriage, and you were left destitute because of him?
Does a software engineer become a sadist after marriage?
What is it like seeing your wife naked for the first time?
What should I do about parents pressuring me to get married?
How do I get my husband to sleep in the same room with me?
How long does it take for Indian men and women to convince their parents and let them get married? Has anyone experienced 10 years or more?
What if we love a married guy with one child?
What are the disadvantages of marriage with over 15 years older women?
What are the perks of marrying a virgin bride?
My 33 year old son doesn't want to get married or have kids because he has high myopia (-5). What should I do as an Indian mom?
How can an Indian boy on a tourist visa marry a Polish girl in Poland?
Why are women not against alimony?
What are the signs if a Muslim guy/boy/man is married or has already had a wife?
Does love decrease between a couple after they have children?
How can I track my cheating spouse’s location and have access to his SMS and call logs?
What is the online marriage procedure in Pakistan?
If a married person pretends he’s not married and dated a girl, what is the provision in our law against such cases?
Is it possible to guarantee your wife does not get a previously owned house after a divorce other than a pre-nup (California)?
What is the best way to look up marriage records?
Where is Arya Samaj in Kozhikode, Kerala? Is a marriage certificate from there valid?
My husband always puts his parents and young brother and sister before me and his 2 children. What should I do?
How do I satisfy myself sexually when my husband is not as much into sex as me?
A narcissistic wife has a dependent personality husband that she will not leave and he won't leave her. What is life like for the husband?
What was Patton Oswalt's tweet about his wife and his daughter's resemblance?
What kind of arguments would come from an Unhealthy entp married to an unhealthy istj?
Do married couples have to be resident in the same place?
Can someone who had multiple relations in the past be a good wife?
What are the ways to find a husband who is imperfectly perfect for someone?
Are the horoscopes of the bride-to be and the groom-to-be matched among Muslims of India?
Should I let the future husband know his love interest is a sex worker?
How is marriage helpful in a country’s development?
My sister has been married for 3 years and still has no kids, why is this, I feel so bad for her?
What should you do when someone makes a promise to marry you and breaks it giving a silly reason?
How do I know when it’s time for a divorce?
How do I get married under the special marriage act without my parents' knowledge? Some say a notice is sent on the address provided. Is it true?
Who is the most beautiful married lesbian couple?
After reading about Emmanuel Macron's spouse, who are other famous personalities who’ve married women quite older than themselves?
What is the darkest secret of your married life?
Have you hidden anything from your husband?
Is it wrong for a girl to love a married man?
Why do women lose interest in sex after marriage?
How do you regard your marriage?
Is it healthy to be in a relationship or get married to someone with the same age?
What would it be like if I got married to my mother's niece? Are there any negative effects?
What if my brother filed a divorce case against her wife? We are fed up of her cruelty. What kind of proofs should we collect?
What is life like being married to an engineer?
What if your boyfriend rejects to marry you because you can't become a mother?
As a woman, what qualities do you need to be present in your husband?
Why don’t some Indians want to get married?
Should I get a divorce because my wife hates to have sex with me? It makes me feel awful about myself.
Why is infidelity so common? What do we expect from our partners?
How do I advise my son about an international marriage from an older girl?
Should I turn to religion if I am unable to get married?
What do you mean by the divorce which is held by mutual understanding in India?
What is the best way to track your wife with out her knowing?
My husband have 5 girls with his previous wife and I have 1 girl from my previous marriage. Is it possible for us to have a son?
How can a married woman convince her family to let her work outside the home?
Is it ok for a groom to call his father-in-law as father?
What will be better in the long run: appeasement of parents and agreeing to marriage based on caste or a love marriage against family wishes?
Are introverts fit for marriage?
What do I do when my wife hits me?
How can I meet a Kashmiri girl for mut’ah marriage during a Kashmir vacation?
Why does my husband insist on sex through my mouth only?
Is it recommended to marry your best friend's sister?
What was it like divorcing with kids?
Should I marry a person who had sex with multiple partners?
When will the Indian society accept that it is okay for a person to not get married?
How do you know if your wife is faithful or not?
Is waiting for one’s own arranged marriage a kind of disability? Is it right to ask someone to find someone for me?
What are the most funniest moments you had while the boys family came to your house for marriage proposal?
Are zodiac signs important in marriage?
Why does my husband always seem to take my feelings and make them about his?
If marrying more than one woman is forbidden in the West, could you have children with several mistresses all while living in one house?
What is your first thought if husband/wife says I'm leaving you?
John Doe is buying a new home and has been separated from his ex-wife for two years now. John Doe has separate income taxes. Can his ex-wife come after his new home?
Is órfi marriage legal in UAE? Does Ali AlShamsi know?
Can the Menon and Ghosh cast get married?
What should I do if I have a wife, who gets angry for some small issue, and persuading her is super hard and ends like a revengeful event?
If a Christian woman wants to marry a Tunisian male in Tunisia, would the woman have to convert to Islam?
Are marriages without a proper courtship period doomed to fail?
Do you think you should wait to get married until you have a steady income?
Do you think I should continue with my boyfriend in this case? He doesn't want to get married, but I am a Catholic and I have to get married to have children.
Does a Muslim girl stand a chance of marrying a Korean guy?
Will you marry an idiot if he is rich?
Are you suppose to be lonesome when you are married?
What happens when a person’s behavior changes from normal before marriage, to abnormal after marriage, and the person sees everyone in a negative light? Why is this?
After marriage, my husband has had a relationship with her. What should I do?
What will happen if a divorce case in India results in a stalemate?
Do men love getting compliments from their wife or girlfriend?
What is child marriage called?
What should I do if I still like a guy who is 39 years old and I am 29 years old? Is there a future for us, in the sense that can I marry him as he is my ex?
Is the offspring of arranged marriages more or less healthy than from love relationships?
Is it true that in India a man still cannot marry outside his caste without being a disgrace to his whole family?
Is it ok to continue casual sex with my brother in law even after his engagement, without affecting his marriage or personal life?
What kind of a husband should we think of?
What experiences have people had where they were rejected by girls for love/marriage despite being ruthlessly honest with them?
Is it wrong for a person to desire that his future wife looks pretty?
If you are married, what is the longest you have gone without sex?
Is there an essay that talks about the theme of ''love and marriage'' in the world?
How many of us married a spouse we never loved?
Can I marry an orphan girl in Delhi?
Am I a messed up person for thinking about seeing other women because my wife denies me sex when she's tired?
If you are a girl who got married and had a kid, is your kid more important to you or your husband?
How did you know it was time to get engaged?
Shall I marry a feminist?
When will gay marriage be legalized in Indonesia?
Is there any registry of triplets marrying triplets?
I am having an arranged marriage and I find my fiancé too hairy. Is it too shallow or silly on my part?
She was everything I had. We were in a long term relationship and on the verge of marriage. Now we are not together. How do I deal with this?
How can I know the history of my husband’s account?
What is the best way to deal with a friend who confides in you about her extra marital affair?
How many of you are stuck in a bad marriage and what is your story?
Are there any married couples with same Gothra having healthy kids or with genetic defects?
Do you think you should pay off your financial debts before you marry or shoulder them with your spouse?
Can a wife without any children even after 9 years of marriage claim maintenance from her husband?
Why do girls get married at the age of 16 years old in old movies?
What is the average age for a Muslim girl to get married in India?
What if a marriage is in the 6th house with Venus and the Sun in the Taurus sign? Would the marriage happen or no?
How can I let go of my personal insecurities to help improve my marriage?
What was the age of Sitaji when she was married?
Why isn't my beautiful wife good enough for me?
Is it normal to not like your mother-in-law at all?
Can I marry an army officer when I was a doctor?
Can a person who got married in India and divorced in the US marry again in the US (to an Indian) and file for her dependent visa in India?
Is it okay to have sex before marriage in Pakistan?
Why is marriage a necessity in India?
What were the changes that marriage brought by?
If you are a man, would you marry a superwoman?
Is Vivekananda married?
Are Indian brothers okay with their sisters having physical relations with boyfriends before marriage? How do you feel? You may go anonymous and ans.
Can a non-Christian guy marry a Christian girl in India?
How is the conversation between a guy and a girl, who are meeting for the first time, for an arrange marriage?
How is the life of a Indian navy officer’s wife whose husband is a Lieutenant?
If you get a chance to marry a girl from outside your country, which country would you prefer, and why?
What's it like to be a second wife, in secret?
How can my spouse accompany me to Canada after we are married?
Does the divorce law in Bangladesh need improvement?
Do conservative Christians have sex before marriage?
What percentage of married women would be open to a hot wife/cuckold relationship? Do you have any thoughts?
What are 3 pieces of advice I'll need when I get married?
Is earning a 15 lac CTC at the age of 35 sufficient in Delhi-NCR? I am married and have one son. I personally feel it's much less.
Which is the best online Tamil marriage match site?
How do you handle finances in your marriage?
What should I do with my husband when he suggests that I sell myself for sex to make some quick money?
Why is it so hard to communicate with my husband?
Is sex important in a marriage?
Is it required for ladies to get their names changed (gazette) after marriage and during a fresh passport application?
Should I say yes to an arranged marriage with a guy who earns half of what I earn?
What is it like to be married to a scientist?
What are some examples of mistakes girls have made throughout their marriage, starting from the beginning (related to their partner, in laws & parents)?
Do divorced couples remember Mother's Day if they have children together?
Who cheats or lies more after marriage, a husband or a wife?
Did marriage clear all my doubts?
How can I spend time with my wife in Andaman?
Will intelligent women ever be taken professionally serious when the beautiful among them keep marrying wealthy men into a life of leisure?
Why did my girlfriend leave me after my marriage?
Was Radha happy after her marriage?
What does an officer at USCIS know, or can find out, about you before a marriage interview?
Is it better to go to an attorney when getting or divorce or should you try to work out a oral agreement? Can you trust the other party?
What is the trending fashion in marriage?
Why is sex a big issue in India? People say, "You should not lose your virginity before marriage." Is that a myth?
Is it possible to have 2 maid of honors?
Why do mothers change their perspective towards their married son?
Are men in industrialized cultures really as much manipulated by women as suggested by Esther Vilar in her book "The Manipulated Man"?
In India, what legal ways can a husband use to handle a criminal wife?
Is it realistic for me to desire marrying a very intelligent man if I'm not overly intelligent myself? I find it so attractive and I want to learn.
Am I allowed to have a lot of sex with my wife when I get married according to the Bhagavad Gita?
Is it unrealistic to leave an unhappy marriage of 33 years hoping to experience love and intimacy in the latter years of your life?
What will you do if your prospective wife cheats and lie a lot under the protection of some her family and friends?
Why is a “no reply” email account sending me mails relating to a matrimonial site?
Is it as lonely as people say to never get married or even date people?
If you are the husband/wife of a psychologist or any professional whose work is related to psychology, what is your life like?
Which movie wife loves her husband the most?
Why don’t some marriages last?
How often do older couples have sex?
Would you answer this question if your husband asked: "which of your male friends qualifies to be your husband if we hadn't met?”
When did you say OK to your parents to start looking for marriage proposals?
Why are extramarital affairs on the rise in India?
In India, can we marry another woman whose divorce case is still pending?
If a virgin woman loves a married man very much then its her mistake?
Why do married men get attracted to married women?
What I can do when my wife misses me too much?
Is someone 21 years, 7 months old eligible to register a marriage?
What dowry should a 28-year-old north Indian Brahmin boy demand from the prospective bride?
What are your and your spouse's occupations, and are they important to your marriage?
Should I convert from Catholicism to Islam in order to marry my Muslim boyfriend so we could have better rights in the UAE and Middle East?
Should I talk with my wife about the real reason I think we married each other?
Is it ok to marry a person who is having a hole in the heart?
How do I know he's the right guy to marry?
How do I check Life 360 to see if my husband is faking his location?
What do you do if your boyfriend begs you to be his wife at the age of 25?
My parents are against love marriage. My father has gone into depression because of this. Should I leave my gf? If yes, how should I behave with them?
What is average age of a man to marry?
How do you know if it's the end of your marriage, or you're just going through a rough patch?
How can I marry a doctor?
If you only have daughters, would it mean the end of your family name?
Would you accept it if your spouse had sex with another person, albeit accidentally?
What are Indian girls looking for these days in initial check for arranged marriage (Delhi)?
Married people of Quora, your spouse turns into a duck. How do you make your marriage succeed?
Richard I's sister marrying Saladin's brother was discussed during the 3rd Crusade negotiations. What might have happened had they gone through with it?
Why do Christians who use the religious sanctity of marriage argument against gay marriage think heterosexual civil marriage marriage is okay?
What do you think about love marriage and arranged marriage?
My father had an extra marital affair with his friend’s wife who is now a widow. My mother passed away from a prolonged health ailment. Is there a legal remedy for me?
Are spinsters (childless women who have never married) the minority?
Why do most brides sell their wedding gowns after marriage?
Why can’t an unmarried man marry a girl who is a divorcee?
Can Priyanka Chopra marry a poor person like me?
Should I give myself a break if I have plans to get married?
What is the meaning of “It's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
If you're married to this man, and he's never introduced you to his family, yet his ex talks to the family members, should you feel safe in the marriage?
What are some difficult situations you've dealt with married to a US Marine?
Do couples have to undergo a minimum number of marriage counselling sessions before divorce is granted?
What is the most challenging issue in marrying an average Japanese girl regardless of language barrier?
How does a girl see the wedding night before expreriencing it? How about after? What does she actually want?
What would be a core and logical point to consider for a husband or a wife before taking a decision to divorce or separate after their 25 years of marital life?
How do you win back the custody of your kids when your spouse has moved to another country with the kids?
How many Indian men would be ready to marry a divorcee with a kid?
Why do Indian aunties and uncles ask about getting married to every relative’s son or daughter at parties or family gatherings?
What are the hurdles in an inter-caste marriage, in India, among Hindus, now in 2017?
Can a narcissistic person be happily married?
Were marriage solemnization laws stricter at one time that the officiant had to be either a religious leader (priest/minister/rabbi) or a judge?
How should I get out of a marriage that was based on fraud? I married my husband to get over my ex.
If someone were to marry conjoined twins, would it be considered polygamy?
How tall are you and your spouse?
Does Pakistan follow triple talak (Muslim men can divorce their wives by saying divorce 3 times)?
Can I get married and do a separate filing secretly without my parents finding out? My dad handles my taxes, so would he notice anything?
How often do most married couples in their 20s have sex, and how frequently should they to keep both parties happy?
How do you do when your wife always complain about your low salary and weak ability?
Why is it that people in love (husband/wife, girlfriend/boyfriend) have similar noses?
Is the King of Norway affected by the Royal Marriages Act of 1772?
How long does it take to get married?
What do we call a man whose wife is alive in Hindi?
Why did Ned's sister have to marry a Targaryen?
Can a person that has been married to a sociopath for a long duration develop sociopathy due the trauma and mental abuse
Is it inevitable that a forced marriage will result in love?
How do we know about an unknown person’s married status?
Did you find love, get married and have kids over the age of 30? What were the pluses and minuses of being a "late bloomer" in this area?
How long were you with your partner before you decided to get married?
Where can you find a man that actually wants to get married and be a father?
When will I get married? My self Krishna dob: - 25-02-1993,11:31pm,Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
My guy is into drugs, lies, has secret friends and brutally ignores me sometimes. Should I marry him if I don't trust him?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
Would you marry someone who has a lower salary than you?
Can a Hindu marry his mother's father's sister's daughter's daughter?
How can a Jew and Catholic wed if neither faith allows interfaith marriages?
Do I need to get a hair transplant done just for an arranged marriage?
Why aren't people monogamous?
What is the proper procedure for obtaining a marriage certificate in Pune?
Are Indians overly obsessed with marriage?
Would you be ok with your spouse having a "best friend" who they check on everyday?
Why is a manglik bride interested in a manglik groom ?
How do I say no to a crush knowing we can't be together cause his married to my sister?
I found my husband on the sex dating site JustBangMe. He said he was just curious if anyone would reply. Is he telling the truth?
Does an Indian woman have the right to leave her husband on the grounds of mental abuse, which she has no proof of?
Is ghost marriage real?
What predictions can be made about my marriage and career?
Do Iranian men practice polygamy?
When a promiscuous woman is caught cheating, why does she start blaming her lover for the affair in front of her husband?
What should you do before getting married, so you don't have any regrets afterwards?
How do I control temper?
What do you do when your husband always thinks that you're lying?
How can someone not realise their partner's abusive & controlling nature before marriage?
What if one day you come to know that your wife is a prostitute?
How do I make my husband understand that his parents are playing an evil drama to separate both of us?
Are parents always right when saying that their daughter should get married after age 25?
What are some bad examples of failed love marriage in India, and why?
Is it right to get a divorce? Won't it affect others?
How do husbands feel in the company of beautiful wives?
What would be the consequences, if the financial benefits of marriage in India were withdrawn?
Can I have a husband and a boyfriend at the same time?
How did you cope as a teenager when you found out your mother might be having an extramarital affair?
Should you marry the guy you love or the guy who is well settled? Read the details.
Why do siblings change after marriage?
I feel as though I will never get married because of who I am. So, my question is what is the best way to embrace a life of loneliness?
Marriage
Can a married woman who had intimacy with a single guy and who knows that she doesn’t enjoy intimacy with her husband still want to live with him?
Why are marriages between cousins allowed in Islam?
Why do girls demand higher salary expectations from groom?
How often do you contemplate your future wife/husband?
What should I say to a guy who wants me to be his girlfriend when he is about to get married in a couple of weeks?
Will Hindu society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
Can a marriage be enjoyed without sexual intercourse?
Should I quit my PhD to marry?
Do Indian women cheat on their husbands?
What does it mean if your husband cannot tell you how he feels about you?
How long should I wait before trying to date the man I am interested in? His wife left him in February.
How can I get a divorce without giving my wife a cent when there are no kids involved?
How do I satisfy my husband during the first night?
How do I handle finding out that my husband slanders me on online forums yet acts so nice when he's with me in person?
Are men in India willing to date/marry a single mom?
Will a girl on Quora marry a boy who don't speak English?
In India, do arranged married couples have sex on their honeymoon?
Is it normal for a young (24) married man to want to have sex with other women?
How can a wife get away from an abusive husband?
What do Indian guys expect from their future wife?
What do you value in your husband? What is it, that makes him special to you?
Do you regret your marriage?
In a hypothetical situation, if Kejriwal and Mamata got married, what would be the situation in India?
Why do girls prefer bikes before marriage and cars after marriage?
Why did you want to marry a person from a different country, or even different continent?
What is the best word that a husband can tell to his wife?
What percentage of Muslim men have multiple wives?
What are the boundaries people should know about each other when they are in relationship or married?
What is the difference between an Indian husband and that of western husbands?
Will I be able to get married to the girl I love because her Kundli says that she will marry a boy younger than her but I am 1 year older than her?
What's are the differences among a civil union, domestic partnership, and a marriage?
What should I gift my husband on our wedding day?
How do Americans see divorce?
Why is it okay to hide previous romantic partners but not previous marriages?
What is the point of wedding jumpsuits?
Are there any 'Naruto’ characters who don't get married?
A guy who promised to ask for our marriage as a graduation gift, asked for a bike on d day and left me. How fair is it?
How did Antoine Lavoisier’s wife contribute to his success?
What is the best UK site for horny wives?
How long does it take to get the reissue of a marriage certificate done for the permanent visa purpose?
What should I do if my mother-in-law treats me disrespectfully (and my husband doesn't believe me)?
Why is it wrong to have intercourse with another man's wife?
Did you find the love of your life on a matrimonial site?
What is some good advice for a newly-married girl regarding sex?
Do Jews have a problem with Esther marrying a gentile? If not, why not?
Will any girl marry a boy having Cerebral Palsy and not able to walk properly?
What factors should one consider before the marriage of a daughter?
What is a husband who hasn't had a child with a woman suppose to do on Mother's Day if she has a grown child?
What are the pros and cons of no sex before marriage?
Are same-sex couples discriminated against in green card marriage applications and interviews?
Would a mainstream Muslim woman want to marry me when I am a Gulenist Muslim man?
Do Chinese men still prefer to marry virgins?
Life after a divorce needs encouraging ideas. What are they?
Do you think I can get well-protected eyes to help spy on my wife?
What will life be like after marriage?
Why are Japanese people ever less interested in sex, dating, marriage and reproduction?
Did Aamir Khan use triple talaq when he divorced his first wife, Reena?
How did you survive a divorce?
A friend in India wants to divorce his wife of 5 years. They have a kid and have been living separately this past year. Is it advisable to file for divorce?
How do I live up to my full potential without causing my spouse to feel inferior?
How will be my career and married life (DOB: 10 Jan 93, 12:35 p.m, Calcutta)?
Don't you think Indian wives are more devoted to their husbands as compare to the devotion of husband towards his wife?
What does Islam say about pre-marital sex with one's spouse? What's the punishment prescribed for it?
Is the best thing to do to divorce your spouse if you are living separate lives?
Is it alright to expect my husband to share his passwords with me? I have told him all of mine.
Which is the best site to check GSB divorcee brides?
Supporting your husband’s crossdressing when he goes out to a TG night club, what can happen?
Would you answer if your husband asks you "which of your male friends would you marry if we hadn't met"?
What does an Indian girl want from her husband?
How can I get back the stridhan if husband and inlaws Deny?
How do I make my wife happy if she lives in another state?
Are women really attracted to their husbands after marriage?
My wife has 3 kids. We are applying for a green card for her and her son only. Will the rest of the kids be called for an immigration interview?
Can you keep your SSDI when you get married?
Are you an old husband married to a young wife?
What should I ask my partner in an arranged marriage first meet as a guy?
What is a good idea for a 7 years of marriage gift?
Will a narcissistic/psychopathic ex husband ruin any future relationships I try to have?
My wife's priority is having kids rather than caring about her own future. What should I do?
Why did Shivagami marry Bijjaldeva?
Would the people in the west like to practice horoscope matching for increasing the success rate of marriage?
How do I get married to Prabhas?
Why do the women in unhappy marriages use the "I'm staying for the children" excuse?
How likely would you be to cheat on your spouse?
My wife eloped with her boyfriend taking our son. Now she is filing divorce. What should I do to get her back. Any Indian law regarding this?
Do you tell your husband when you have an orgasm?
Can a Sayed marry a non-Muslim?
What are the best ways for a husband and wife, with decades of experience, to secure financing for a hotel purchase?
What is the best gift to give to your wife on a wedding day?
Did Starks and Lannisters have marriages between them in the past?
How should one plan/manage their career even after marriage if they are very passionate about their career?
Do you believe in the sanctity of marriage?
What can I do to let my husband know that I will change for the better?
Why does my husband restrict me from talking to my parents on the phone often?
How do you deal with someone who doesn't seem to have a heart in a relationship?
Can you suggest a plot twist for a story in which a girl is marrying a boy she doesn't want to marry?
What is the law in the Indian Constitution for divorce?
Am I a selfish man if I divorce my wife because she is not interested in sex at all?
What is the ideal age to get married as a girl?
Why do the people of India think sex is a big deal, not allowing sex before marriage?
What is it about marriage that scares you the most?
Why does an extramarital affair happen after marriage?
Should a girl tell a boy before they get married that she can’t be a mother or should she let time decide?
How come my fiancé doesn't want to get married now?
If a heterosexual married couple does not want to have kids, can they still have a healthy and happy sex life?
After 13 years of marriage, and with 3 children, is it the right decision to ask for a divorce because of a lack of understanding with your spouse?
Who is the most beautiful married gay couple?
What is the best gift I can get for my wife?
How is life being married to a German man, as a black woman?
Is Prabhas going to marry Anushka Shetty?
What questions should I be asking my future wife?
Why can’t a man live without his family?
Would you marry a transsexual woman?
How much does hiring a detective for pre-marriage investigation costs?
What's the best way to deal with in-laws interference that is spoiling one's married life?
What will happen to a marriage if the UCC is adopted?
What is the most unrewarding chore that one does for their spouse?
Why do Hindu girls hate Hindu boys?
Is a SC certificate valid after marriage?
What are all the documents in India where the post-marriage spouse name should be included?
How do I go on to love again after a 20-year marriage dissolves when I am still filled with sadness and grief a year later?
If you are a child born out of an arranged marriage scenario in India, are your parents happily married or stay together in an abusive marriage?
If I get married to a US citizen, can I travel outside of the US if my i-130 and i-485 are pending?
I am a resident of Delhi and got married on 3rd May 2017; we are now about to register the marriage. What is the procedure for a name change?
Whats the biggest mistake you made in your marriage?
What is the deep meaning of “it's better to wait long than to marry wrong”?
Why does a roll for sleep in a bedroom have another name, which is 'Dutch wife'?
What are the perks of marrying a village girl?
Can one get married in The Palace of Versailles?
Can you justify an affair because your husband has prostate issues and is impotent?
Is a marriage where one partner believes that the other partner is completely at fault, salvageable?
What are your predictions about career and marriage for a male born on 20 November 1988 at 8:45 PM at Mandla (Madhya Pradesh)?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian girls to lead a good married life?
How do I marry an inter-caste girl?
Who would you rather marry, Mia Khalifa or Cameron Diaz?
Why are 36 year old, unmarried females with kids still single and not married?
What are your views of arranged-marriage culture in India?
How do the children of a broken marriage perceive life?
Is it right to marry a guy twice-annulled with three kids? He is 15 years older than me.
How can one do a love marriage If he is 21 or older?
How can we get a good spouse?
Can a court make someone pay spousal support if a prenuptial agreement explicitly does not allow it?
As a feminist Indian women, can you elaborate on your experience in dating Indian men or meeting prospective grooms for an arranged marriage?
What's the worst that can happen in India if I ask my wife to sign a prenup before marriage?
If you're a married person, is hugging someone other than your spouse or family taboo?
How do I strengthen my marriage? What are some daily activities that I can do?
How do I handle a domineering wife?
Can I have a boyfriend while I’m waiting for my divorce?
Have you ever thought you should have married your spouse’s sibling instead?
Is a Canadian student visa better for a single person or a married person?
Why do men even get married when they can't be satisfied and they can't stay faithful?
How does anyone reject a girl for marriage just because she has her own dreams & ambitions, and feels caring and responsible towards her family?
How long do you talk to a girl before getting married in the Indian arranged marriage system?
Why do so many young boys think confession is how you get a girlfriend?
One of the banquets and conventions center guys asked me for a 15% service tax. Is this right for a marriage?
What problems did you have with your partner after having kids?
Henry is famous for killing wives, but, also, for what else?
What is the longest time you have ever gone without sexual intercourse with your spouse?
Is it worth getting married? I have never fallen in love and I'm curious how couples kept their marriages happy until they die.
Is it advisable for a Nigerian man to marry a white woman?
How did divorce affect you? How do you look back at your previous marriage and ex-spouse?
How do you rebuild trust in a marriage relationship after it has been broken?
How should I tell my parents that I'm not ready to get married?
How should I deal with a narcissistic husband?
In Canada, can you reopen a divorce settlement regarding alimony and its time period?
If asked today, would your spouse say he or she feels your love and acceptance? Why or why not?
As an Indian child, how did/will you react to the fact that your parents don't love each other and are dating other people while still married?
To what extent will a narcissist go to punish the spouse while going through a messy divorce?
How does it feel to be divorced at 40?
How should I ask my future wife for sex?
Should a girl keep quite even her husband abuses her verbally and physically? And his family supports him for his anger.
How does it feel to marry your teacher?
What should I say to my Brahmin mother-in-law (the girl’s mother) in order to convince her regarding my intercaste love marriage? I belong to SC.
My 1st husband just told me that he cheated on me with several women during our marriage. I am hurt. What can I say to him to make him feel bad?
Should an unsuccessful person marry, a person who has failed to chase his dreams?
How did you convince your parents to let you marry your love?
What should you do when your spouse says "what a waste of 30 years, being ​with you"?
Is a Hindu divorce in the village valid in court?
What is the purpose of getting married when people don't value vows anymore?
Is it wrong to not accompany my wife to her dad's house for a visit? I have to get up at 2am for work and she wants to go to her dad's at 7pm.
What visa does a Sri Lankan citizen need to apply for to be able to marry or study in India?
Will I ever get a new wife in the future?
Should I trust that my fiance will get rid of his renters for me to move in as his wife?
Is there a girl who loves to adopt kids after marriage? If so, why?
If you knew someone's spouse was having an affair, would you tell them?
How much I need to pay to become a bride in BBB with Sabyasachi?
How does it feel to have an attractive wife?
How many marriages can a Muslim have? Is he allowed to have four wives?
What should you do if your friend's marriage is falling apart and they decided to cheat on their partner and you don't really know their partner?
Do girls in your country require house and car as an essential condition when they choose to get married?
Who would you marry, a super rich businessman or a diplomat?
Do married Christian couples regularly have sex?
Being married man/woman, if you enconter your husband/wife with his/her ex confessing true love, what would be your next step?
How can marriages last when the spouse has a temper?
What's the best method of letting go of the idea of marrying only a certain type of race, gender, and look?
Is it okay to have an age difference of 10 years with your husband?
Why is my wife self exploitative and what should I do?
Why didn't Bhalal Dev get married in Bahubali 2?
Why are so many people getting divorced nowadays? What is going wrong?
Why do older Indian/Asian husbands walk so far ahead of their wives down the street?
What is it like to marry a rationalist? I am an extremely emotional person.
How do you judge if a man is really interested in getting married if you are looking for an arranged marriage?
In how much time a guy can be sure if he wants to marry the girl. The girl does not have much time as in age, so is looking for options?
How would you know if the one you are dating is going to be your future spouse?
Why is it important to wear a mangala sutra while performing marriage?
Many metaphors in poems of Li Bai, physical transformation, dream state, arranged marriage, royal military procession. Which one resonates with you?
I live in a joint family and I hate my mother-in-law. Shall I divorce my husband and get free from her?
What do I do if my wife is lazy in bed?
Why do women have to compromise after marriage?
How do I convince a girl's parents for marriage when our horoscope don't match?
What was your parents’ reaction when you told them that you have a girlfriend that you want to marry?
When is a marriage not a marriage (considering the sex, sacrament and contract in a Hindu marriage)?
Do men prefer working wives nowadays?
Is forced incestuous arranged marriage in India legal?
What are mature married women thinking about while masturbating?
Why would have Sivagami married BijjalDeva?
How does a boyfriend or husband feel about their menstruating partner?
What's it feel like to be divorced from your wife? Do you two still talk to each other?
How do married friends date?
Why is it so common for U.S. Americans to get married several times?
Why does a husband stay angry at wife when he is the one who hurts her?
Is it impossible to find love after 25 as a guy in India, apart from an arranged-marriage setting?
According to French law or any other Western country, can a married man have intercourse with another woman? If not, what are the penalties?
Do married daughters have a claim to the property of deceased parents?
Do wealthy married couples really need life insurance when their net worth exceeds $5m and half of it is in liquid assets?
How does a lover change after marriage?
Should my wife refuse to share her dress with a new friend who has asked her for it?
Is there a connection between 20 year Prozac addiction and divorce?
Why is my husband abusing me every day?
How does divorce feel in India?
My girlfriend is the greatest woman I've ever met, but I'm not sexually attracted to her. I'm thinking of marrying her. What should I do?
What are some useful books to get advice on interracial marriages?
Did Confucius have a wife and children?
How do you end a 30 yr marriage before you start hating each other?
Why do some Indian women choose to come on an H4 visa after getting married?
Does someone have to get divorced in the same country where they got married?
Why do girls let themselves get pregnant without being married?
What are the particular documents that are required to be produced by a married woman for a passport, who only had her surname changed after marriage?
My brother in law fucks me almost daily. Should I tell this to a friend who is interested in marrying him?
Regardless of political correctness, do most married men still secretly wish to have sons more than daughters in general?
What's your divorce story?
As for a woman, when is the best time to get married and have a kid?
Have you lost a spouse or significant other to an interoffice romance?
How do you know if you still love your husband? I can't tell how strong my feelings are towards another man.
In an arranged marriage, how can the man understand the woman in 5-to-10 minutes? What is even the same question for the woman?
I plan to get a cat. What are the important things to know before getting one?
Why has my narcissist husband gone no contact with me?
What does it mean when a guy asks you when are you going to get married?
What are the best ways for a South Indian guy to get an arranged marriage without parental support?
Do you think Indonesian people ready to hear that a woman don't want to get married for the rest of her life?
Are there any experienced divorce attorney in Utah who can handle the divorce case professionally?
Is it wrong to marry someone’s husband?
Is there is secret behind marriage?
If you found out your husband had snuck off to photograph a nude model, would you expect him to attack you for being upset?
Is it good to wait for marriage until you're financially capable?
Is monogamy a weakness? Will polyamory be the future?
How should I deal with my girlfriend when she is willing to marry, but I am not?
Why would a man lie to his friends about who asked for your divorce?
In which part of India are marriages lavishly celebrated aside from following customs?
How does it feel having a romance and sex with a married Indian woman?
Would you marry a bride if she came to the wedding bald-headed?
How do I know if he is right for marriage?
Why do people still divorce when they have lived together for a long time before they got married?
Why does a married woman give more priority to her husband's family than her own family?
How do I convenience my parents to agree to a love marriage for me?
How common is it for a married couple to be completely celibate?
What if your parents are on the verge of divorce and you have your exams going on? I can’t focus and I get stressed all the time, even over minor stuff.
Can maintenance be more than what was earned during the marriage?
Are unmarried girls ready to marry young divorced men without kids?
Why don’t Indians think about making women self-dependent and treating them equally to sons at birth instead of thinking in terms of reducing them to maintenance or wives?
If a husband smacks the fear of God into his wife, does that show love or respect for her?
What site can one get rich guys to marry?
Why sleeping with someone's wife so cool?
I'm 29 years old and have been married for 4.5 years. What should our net worth be at this point in life?
Is it okay if there is a 12 year age difference between a husband and his wife?
What would happen if I recite triple talaq to my bride just after few seconds of marriage?
My last relationship ended a year ago. We were engaged and supposed to be married this month. Why do I still feel emotionally numb?
Will the Roman Catholic Church allow a marriage between a Christian guy and a Hindu girl without any conversion?
How do prostitutes feel when their families, boyfriends, or husbands find out about their jobs?
What are women's experiences of sex outside of marriage?
If you had to marry a celebrity who was the opposite of the gender you’re normally attracted to, who would you pick?
If a scheduled caste girl gets married into a Brahmin family, will her family get reservations in the future?
How do I respond when my husband says his "life is shit"?
How should a husband handle a wife who is too stingy while earning equal salaries?
My husband wants myself and our daughter to stay away from him for the sake of making money. Is that a right attitude?
What can we do to maintain attraction even after marriage?
What are the truths hidden from your husband?
Is child marriage illegal in India?
Fellow women, at what age did you accept that you likely were never going to become famous or marry the celebrity crush of your teenage years?
Why is it said that it's a husband's duty to feed his wife and protect her? Why never the other way? Are husband's just worker bees and bodyguards?
Can I marry my maternal aunt's sister while being in a Hindu family?
How can you convince the groom's family it's not fair to ask for a dowry?
If my uncle is actually my half uncle, could I legally marry his daughter, my half cousin, since she's not a first cousin?
Do I have to be present for my parents’ divorce at the court?
Do Saradars marry Bengali girls?
What should I do so that my wife will trust me?
What happened when you left your husband all alone at home to go to your native place, especially if he doesn't know how to prepare food?
What is the budget for a middle class family to marry a girl child?
How is the life of a female IAS after marriage? Is it difficult to manage between family and the duties of being an IAS?
To what extent do Chinese Indonesians practice arranged/contract/forced marriage at the present time?
How do you feel when your husband/wife forget something very special to you that happened in your life?
Why would someone make private their relationship status on FB? Especially when you can link to their partner that says married?
I have specific sexual needs that my wife can't fulfill, what do I do?
Me and my wife are unhappy with each other for 90% time. Shd we consult a psychologist or a marriage counsellor?
Have you ever been harrassed or threatened by your wife with false cases?
In the US, people say some gay men hide their orientations and get married to women. How is that even possible?
Is it fine to marry a girl who has been in a relationship with nearly 3 to 4 boys?
Can an H1-B holder marry in the US when his/her divorce proceeding have been going on in Indian court for a long time?
Should I tell my wife's parents to stop fat-shaming my wife?
How do I talk to my future wife about how much sex I want?
In a divorce does it matter who asks for the settlement first?
Have two people ever been married without one proposing love or marriage to the other?
Can a Catholic and a Protestant get married, and are there any terms?
It is okay to make out with some who is going to marry you?
How do I open up and tell my husband that I am a bisexual and I like girls? I live in India.
What are the ugly truths about looking for a bride in Tamil matrimonial websites?
How can I spoil the marriage of my boyfriend with another lady?
My husband of 28 years has left the house to his children from a previous marriage. How is this possible?
My wife and I went through divorces almost ten years ago and are finally above water. Can you give me some advice on purchasing our first home?
What is more logical: 1. marriage based on astrology, or 2. marriage based on genetics (eugenics)?
What is the proper way for a Jewish divorce to be handled when there are kids involved?
Why can't I marry a guy whose parents aren't ready?
Which psychological and physical issues do young brides have? How can we stop this nonsense practice of 'child marriage' around the world?
Was Vivekanandha married?
Are Chinese guys willing to get married with girls who are not virgin?
What effect does marriage have on friendship?
Are you single or married? Why?
When did you realize your relationship was over and how did you feel?
Will society allow and accept if one marries his own cousin?
If your father is attractive and your mother is not so, or vice versa, yet you are beautiful, would that affect your propensity to marry nobles?
Instead of sex, my husband likes me to put my foot in his groin and play with his genitals to get him off. Is this normal?
Why was Mohammed poor? Wouldn't he have inherited his first wife's wealth?
What's you and your spouses story?
Is it necessary to carry on with a loveless, selfish marriage for your parents’ sake or for society’s sake?
If your in-law screamed and cursed at you, would you go back and visit them with your spouse?
Can mothers explain how difficult it was between you and your husband during the first year or two of your baby?
My partner and I have Mangal Dosha with the same rashi and the same star. Can we get married?
How can I marry an American?
Why do some girls feel like their in-laws are a burden to them? Why do they want to detach their husbands from their parents?
Why are Brahmin-Muslim marriages so common?
How can I say no to a girl before day one of our marriage?
What is the best song for my sister who is getting married?
What is the best option for a husband? The couple is highly incompatible and has kids aged 10 and 6. The wife is a good mother.
Does any boy regret his arranged marriage?
What do I do if my husband says it's over?
What's it like to be a bisexual woman from India who's already married to a man, but who still has feelings for another woman?
Why can't we have laws preventing some parents from divorce?
What should be the perfect gap between engagement and marriage?
What are good questions for married couples to their spouse on date night?
Is divorce a good option if they are living separate lives?
I caught my wife crying alone and she wouldn't tell me the reason. Could she be under depression?
How do you plan to move to another country or state if you're married with kids and don't have a job there?
How do I deal with demanding siblings of my spouse?
How do I get married to an American girl?
As a woman, would you still stay with your boyfriend/husband if he got hit with a sexual harassment lawsuit at work? Explain such a decision.
Is it okay for a younger woman to marry an older man?
Should you tell the wife of a cheater if it’s been going on for years?
How do I identify a Cheating married man lover?
My boyfriend wants to get married and I don't. How do I explain to him that not being married doesn't mean I don't want to commit?
How do you rebuild trust in a marriage after infidelity?
I live in Arizona and am getting divorced. I own a house on my own, my wife’s name is not on it. Can she get any of my equity in the house?
Why did I check out of life after my divorce and losing my children, while others are able to move forward after such losses?
What would happen if I marry again without divorcing my husband first?
How can I convince my wife to get a mutual divorce?
Can I marry my aunt's, sister's daughter?
What actually happens during wedding night in the Muslim tradition?
Is having a narcissist as a girlfriend different from having her as a wife?
What are the signs that your wife is manipulating you?
What should be done if there are ego clashes between in laws and parents in case of arrange marriage by the bride when no one seem to compromise?
Is it feasible for a guy to love and marry a girl who is elder than him?
Is it a good idea to marry at 30?
Will the US be so sexually permissive someday that porn will be 1950s married couples sleeping in separate beds?
Is a prenup agreement the only solution for Indian males?
How do I get my husband to stop verbal/emotionally abusing me?
Is it important to have sex before marriage?
Is it difficult to find a modern virgin girl for marriage these days in India?
How easy or difficult is it for a 30-year-old woman to remarry in India after a divorce from a marriage of 6 to 7 years?
Wasn't Emmanuel Macron a minor when he met his current wife? Why did his wife not get any disciplinary actions?
Can a wife deserting her husband without divorcing him claim his property? Or can his son claim it?
Did the wives of the Shia Imams practice temporary marriage called Muta?
How do men of India compromise after marriage?
Will my wife and baby momma ever get along?
Is there any chance to marry a Muslim girl after clearing IAS or IPS?
Can I marry a girl who is 2 months older than me?
What challenges could I face in India if I decide to never get married?
If a girl or her parents expect a "high earning", "well settled" groom, then how exactly is dowry wrong?
What would your reaction be to your son/daughter wanting to marry soon after high school?
Is it strange that I only want my husband’s company, and no one else's?
Is it ok for a man to marry a woman 12 years older than him?
Would you rather marry 5 times or never marry at all?
Does your soulmate mean your life partner or husband? Can it be anyone else, like your best friend?
Can a B positive boy marry a B negative girl? Will they be a good couple or have any problems during pregnancy?
What are your predictions about a career and marriage for a male born on 9th August, 1990, at 18:48 in Varanasi (U.P.), India?
Do guys thought of marrying their crush (in real life)?
What is the average number of sex partners in the U.K before getting married?
Is it ok for the Indian Society if my daughter, my husband, and me have different surnames?
How do you live out your Christian faith when you are married to a spouse who shows narcissistic characteristics?
If sex before marriage is a sin in Islam, how do single men and women find each other?
How can I strongly and willingly get out of a co dependent marriage?
Are love marriages lust marriages?
My wife gets highly offended when I ask. Is it normal to want some personal time in a marriage for hobbies or alone time (3-4 hours a week)?
What documentation changes will marriage under the Hindu Marriages Act, 1955 make, in context of an Aadhar card, PAN card, etc.?
Can a Muslim marry a Jew? Does the Israeli government allow that kind of marriage?
Do girls support the decision of Late Ravindra Patil's wife to leave him?
What are the main causes of problems in a marriage?
What are the things that an Indian man should stand up for before he decides to marry?
How is it to be married to the one you love?
How can I live after the untimely demise of my spouse?
Can marriage make you depressed even when you're not being abused?
If a woman is caught cheating on her husband, is it possible for the husband to trust her in the future?
Why is it my fault that my husband beats me then says sorry, cries, etc.? Is this guilt for his affairs?
What happens when a woman with bipolar does not reveal it to her husband?
Is it inappropiate for a married man to be messaging a single girl at 5 am on a private messenger, opening the conversation with "Hello, babydoll"?
How can you be sure the one you are going to marry is the one?
What makes you think that you are eligible to answer anything related to love, sex, relationships and marriage?
What is the ideal age to get married as a woman?
How could one select the right person as a spouse through the arranged marriage system?
What kind of problems do Indian Army wives face, raising their children alone while their husbands are deployed?
Is it OK to kiss in public in America?
Why do the so-called modern India's parents still hesitate when their daughters say that they don't want to get married atleast until 30?
Is a marriage really over if the husband is a roaming sex addict?
How do husbands remain faithful to their wives?
How do I tell him that I don't want to marry him?
Is it a good idea to marry a pathologically jealous partner?
I told my boyfriend I wanted to marry him and he immediately said he was going to sleep. What do I do?
How do you get out of the constant feeling that you married the wrong person?
An American girl wants to marry a Pakistani guy and wants to move to Pakistan. Is it a good idea?
Can men fall in love with their wives?
Can I marry in one city and do marriage registration in another city in India?
Is it a wise decision to travel, leave my country forever, to find love, get married and have a sweet baby?
Are there any cons to not getting married? I would like to hear from an elderly person who didn't get married.
When will Sara marry Harshvardhan Kapoor?
How can you renew love between couples who have been married for a year and feel there is a gap between them?
Why are many small businesses in Japan operated by a husband/wife duo?
Is sex the most important aspect of marriage?
What should a lonely wife do when a husband doesn't want affection or intimacy and thinks emotions are useless?
Is it OK for a Hindu to intimately make out with his wife?
What was most challenging about combining finances with your significant other (when you married, moved in, etc.)?
How do I confirm if my husband has affections for other women?
Can I file charges against my wife for destroying 120 pictures I had on 5 walls?
How important is virginity to Indian males in an arranged marriage set up?
Why is there so much pressure from society and parents when you want the separation from your spouse (so called husband)? How can it be handled?
After a year living together, almost 4 years dating, my boyfried says he isn't sure about getting married. "He doesn't know". What should I do?
Did any of the presidents date their wives?
How it is like to not get married forever?
Is it okay to not marry fearing the gender-biased laws in India?
What is that person with many wives who is not married called? The question was asked in the JCS interview.
What do I do when my husband accuses me of being selfish and self centered when I voiced my stress and anguish over a custody battle with his ex?
What would be an ideal age to get married?
What would it be like to marry a transgender lady?
Can an INFP male have a happy marriage with an ESFJ woman?
How much does it take to get citizenship through marriage in Portugal?
Can arrange marriages lead to the use of drugs?
What did you do to damage your marriage/relationship? Have you apologised?
How common is it for a married couple, heterosexual or homosexual, to have a threesome?
Is there any scripture in the Quran or in the Bible that says to let your parents choose your wife or husband?
Which actor or actress do you want to marry?
Whom should I marry, a rich girl with a dull mind or a poor girl with a very intelligent mind?
I told my dad that I want to marry the guy I love. My family has cut off all ties with me. What do I do? I don't think I can live without my family.
Can married daughters claim their fathers’ property if the father died before the Hindu Succession Act of 2005?
What’s your arranged marriage story?
Would it be wrong to marry a 37 year old man, when I'm 21 year old woman?
What would you do if your boyfriend doesn’t want to marry you but wants to be in a relationship with you?
Is it better to leave a cheating husband even if you have a 3 year old kid?
How is the opposition between consanguinity and affinity related to cross cousin marriage?
Do a lot of marriages fail these days because people get in with the wrong motives? What then are the right motives for getting married?
How does it feel to be in love with a married man?
What is the right age of marriage for guys settled in Mumbai?
How can you deal with a proud wife?
How do I ask my wife to improve her personal care without offending her?
What's a good way to tell your family you are marrying yourself?
What are the documents required for a re-issue of passport after marriage? Do you need an affidavit for the name change of the wife?
Has anyone been to Gretna? Would you marry there?
What is it if parents and relatives don't support your decision of divorce? I'm a 28 year old female working in India.
What was George T. Sampson's wife and child’s name?
Despite of inevitable responsibilities, why should one get married?
What do you do when your husband gets mad at you for everything?
How can a Muslim revert find a husband?
Do Muslims get married at a young age?
Can a Taurus and Aquarius get married?
What do you care about most when choosing a life partner?
As a divorced mom, 49, how do I get back into dating educated stable men? It's been 23 years since I last dated.
Is it medically safe to marry a 130 kilo-weighing 28 year old?
When can a Hindu man marry a second time?
Is it wise to get married when you have loans over your head?
Why is it so common for some Korean men to abuse their wives after marriage?
I am married​ but not satisfied​. Do other people feel the same way?
How are so many men able to trick women with false promises of marriage or a long-term relationship, given that it's the oldest trick in the book?
How will Muslim women deal with the 72 virgins their husbands will get?
Do sociopaths find good partners to form romantic relationships and marriages with?
Who is the happiest person, either a married one or a bachelor?
How do you regain interest in your spouse?
Do rape victims get married?
How do I start over after leaving an alcoholic spouse?
How can a woman who does not want to get married lead her life?
Can my mother really put in her will that I will inherit nothing unless I divorce my husband?
What did the sages of the Talmud teach about marriage & how to treat a wife?
Why do guys get all anxious and angry if the girl they want to marry asks them to talk to her father first? Isn't that how it's always been?
Have you seen a marriage in which the two families including the bride and groom don’t dance? Is this too modern?
What is a mother supposed to do if her son gets a girl pregnant before marriage?
How do people in polyamorous relationships find people willing to be with a married person?
How do men who are unable to have children feel about using a sperm donor to give their wives a baby?
Can a Hindu boy marry a Muslim girl in any country?
Are you a fashion tech student or someone who can advise a bride and groom on wedding suits?
What's your opinion of straight marriage?
My wife is attempting to use sex as currency in our relationship, what should I do?
Can I get detailed information about my education, career and marriage, if I was born in Gopalganj, Bihar on the 8th of July, 1999 at 6 AM?
How do I stop being a clingy wife?
What are the disadvantages of a love marriage in Hindi?
Do American Republicans care about gay marriage anymore?
India, for the love of parents, a girl who never wanted to marry is now arranged to a boy who is being forced. They just met; what should the boy share?
If same sex marriage is OK, why isn't bigamy?
Why are people so crazy about marriage nowadays in spite of knowing the fact that nearly everyone is a non-virgin and has had an affair before?
Is it a good idea to hyphenate our surnames?
How many rupees do you need to invest in a court marriage? What are the full details?
A woman who is not happy in her marriage meets the love of her life. What should she do?
Where can I find Indian American girls to marry?
How can a divorced Muslim woman demand maintenance in India?
What are the procedures at Arya Samaj in Kozhikode? Will they inform one’s parents?
Is it OK to say as a bride's father to the groom that if my daughter is abused physically even once I would ask her to come back and file for divorce?
Should my wife fuck other people?
Have you rejected a marriage proposal because they asked for a dowry? Did you get a good marriage proposal after that?
What will be my relationship with my own uncle’s wife’s elder sister daughter? Is it allowed for marriage in Hindu? Does it by any means sister's?
Does my husband have a good chance of getting sole custody?
Which blood group woman is not compatible to marry with an O positive man?
How do I ask my boyfriend to marry me without coming off as desperate?
Is depression the reason for increasing divorce rates in India?
Why do people get married and then live the same depressing abusive childhood they had with their family? Why play with someone else's life?
How do I know for sure that monogamy is not my thing?
All I need is cuddling, but my husband always thinks of that as leading to sex. What can I do?
Are there sardars who are willing to marry a Bengali girl from Calcutta?
How do I get my husband to stop saying mean things when he doesn't get his way?
How do I conduct a South Indian marriage?
Is it the husband's fault if his wife's appearance changes and he no longer feels attracted to her?
Is it true that Donald Trump’s present wife is asking for a divorce?
I got diagnosed with schizophreniform and am married with two kids. Should I get a divorce?
Do you regret your marriage, and why?
How should I deal with my husband since he does not help in household chores?
How did you know that your current partner was the one for you?
How can I ask my neighbor's wife to have sex with me?
Why should I take care of the parents of my wife?
What should I do if my boyfriend ignores the topic of marriage, but still wants to be in a relationship with me?
Would Tamil Brahmin girls/guys like to marry within the caste? If not, why not? If yes, why?
Can a husband shout upon his wife without a justified reason?
How did you cope with the guilt of being the one to leave a marriage or relationship when the other person didn't want you to?
Did you fuck another man's wife?
What should I do if my girlfriend is getting married to someone else because of family pressure? I am dying inside because I lost my life.
What is the punishment for a cheating husband and the girl who had an illegitimate relation with him?
Can I marry a Chinese girl?
Is it illegal to have an extra marital affair with an unmarried girl in India?
Who should pray more the husband or the wife?
Why won’t she leave her husband for me?
Is it possible for a medical intern to marry a navy officer? Will joining the navy be a good option for her?
What if your husband’s mistress became pregnant? Is for better or for worse correct?
Should I stay married to a guy who has a really bad drinking problem, and doesn't want to get help for it?
According to Hindu Vedas, is there any known instance where god or his like married a girl or boy of a different religion?
Why are men called husbands after marriage?
Why are men scared to talk about marriage?
Should a guy marry a girl who has decided to never consummate the marriage? Should the guy keep up his hopes and get married? Both are good friends.
If I'm Mexican American and convert to Islam, will it be hard for me to find a husband with the difference in culture?
Why does a barren wife have affairs? Is it safe to marry this woman?
Will girls stop loving their boyfriends after they get married to other guys for their parents?
If I remarry, would new wife be responsible for alimony?
Did Lord Ganesha marry?
Why do some people think that religion excuses all their bad behavior?
Why is sex considered a sin outside of marriage?
Can one apply for the 498A during a divorce?
Does Triple Talaq work for inter-caste marriages?
If husband beats his wife, is it right that she also beats him?
Are married Indian women looking & trying for sex apart from their husbands? If yes, what exactly are they looking for?
Why does a wife compromises most of her habits for her husband after marriage?
How can I make my husband respect me and take care of me?
Today in India, what percentage of Muslim men have multiple wives?
Why is it that the minimum marriageable age for all Indian women is 18 years but it is reduced to 15 for Muslim women?
How can I be a good wife to my future partner?
Should I marry at the age of 23?
How is a divorced woman looked upon in the US?
Should I go ahead and get married or end the relationship?
How do you get away from a controlling husband and in-laws when your Indian parents are forcing you to stay with them?
How can I get rid of my fantasy of having sex with the wives and mothers of others?
How do husbands react if/when they see the intimacies of their wives' periods?
How would you react when a feminist supports a wife who is glaringly wrong?
What is an uncontested divorce?
Would you be offended if your mother kept in touch with your ex for years after your divorce?
Is chastity a good thing, or is it better to have sex before marriage?
In India, during a passport renewal, is it mandatory to give the last name of my wife or can I provide just the first name of my wife?
If a woman spends her entire lifetime with her husband and then finds out that he was already married and had cheated on her, what could be her reaction?
After 25 years of marriage, how can I tell if my wife's lack of affection is health related or if it may be time for a divorce?
Is there any Indian law which threatens an abusive husband so that a wife can stay in the marital home peacefully without divorce?
Why do Kerala men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, or someone who is settled abroad?
Why does God command you to marry someone who sexually assaulted you?
my date of birth is January 27th, 1972 in Beirut , what are the preditions concerning my current marriage?
How could a man leave his son and divorce his wife of ten years for the sake of his mistress?
What are some of the remarks your husband made while you were in the hospital having a baby?
My NPD and addict wife with a lover says all these nasty things about me but won't sign the divorce papers. Why?
What are the criteria for becoming an infidel?
Why is it that North Indian boys always try to dominate their wives after marriage?
A man who finds another woman attractive says he is unable forget her. Can such a man really love his wife or be faithful to her?
What was marriage like before Islam in the Islamic State?
How can I increase my wife’s interest in sex?
What action should I take when my elder sister is asking for a dowry?
If a man is poor should he marry?
What’s the biggest barrier to communication in your marriage?
Are child marriages legal in any states in the US?
Should I marry a Christian or a Muslim girl?
Have you gotten Italian citizenship by marriage? What was the process like?
What are the dos and don’ts a man should maintain to have a healthy, friendly and romantic relationship with his wife, if it's an arranged marriage?
How do I convince my father not to force my sister into an arranged marriage?
If a simple girl is married to very highly qualified and handsome man then does she deserve to be loved, respected and brought to his hi-fi circle?
Are there families in the U.S. with married brothers’ families staying together without any problems?
How do you justify an arranged marriage?
What should I (as a woman) know before and about marriage?
Why do women find others’ husbands attractive?
Could I get married to an Ivorian in the Ivory Coast and then in the U.S., or would it be better just to marry in IC? Would our marriage be legal in the U.S.?
Can I claim to get married to my boyfriend on the basis of four years of physical relation with consent?
Why do people still marry in spite of their groom/bride being a non-virgin?
What are some key questions to ask before you decide to marry someone?
In Pride and Prejudice, if a girl got married, would the estate go to her or would it still go to Mr Collins? Would her husband change his name?
What can we do if my brother’s wife is not a good person?
How often do married woman masturbate?
Can a wife file an RTI to find out her husband's salary? He is a private software employee.
Being a woman, is marriage a sign of weakness?
Does a past life’s karma determine who is one’s life partner in their current life?
How do I impress our life partner when we have 2 months of time for marriage?
Would a Malayalee girl like to marry a Bihari boy? If yes, how would their life be?
Are you planning to get married anytime soon?
Can a divorced woman marry an unmarried man? What are the odds?
Did Mohammed have 13 wives?
How do you move on when your husband cheated on you after a successful marriage of 7 years and you still love him?
In case a wife beats her husband, can he beat her back?
Are there any women who are married, desperately seeking divorce but trapped in the marriage without actually making a move for a divorce?
Do Indian girls prefer IITians or IIM grads more than others for marriage?
In the old period of India, because of the importance of the caste system, why did people choose to marry within the community and not to marry outside of the community with a different community?
Are you legally supposed to kiss to finalize your marriage?
How does it feel to keep an extra-marital affair secret?
In Islam, is it true that some Muslim girls don’t want to marry Muslim boys these days?
How do I improve my seriously unromantic husband?
Why shouldn’t two people marry one woman?
It is illegal to have two wives in the UK?
Is Nargis Fakhri going to marry popular Dhoom star Uday Chopra?
Why do people get married in peak summers in India?
One year ago, my husband cheated on me with a divorced woman. She just got married. Should I ruin her life and tell her new hubby?
How should you talk to the father of a boy about him marrying your daughter?
What site can one get young guys to marry?
Is a relationship via Tinder or any other dating app similar to an arranged marriage or arranged relationship?
Childless couples, why do you support your unemployed partner?
How do I forgive my wife?
Why do men watch porn even though they are married?
Shouldn't everyone experience living alone at least once before getting married?
How can an unmarried gay man living in India, after turning 30, lead a meaningful and contented life?
Is a friendship you have with your spouse different from one you have with someone who's not your spouse?
How can I get my wife to shower more than twice a month?
How do I convince my husband to not have a second child because he wants a son?
Is there anyone who married solely due to physical attraction and ended up having a great relationship?
If a wife beats her husband, what should he do?
How do we deal with the realization that we got old and was married to the wrong person?
What was the biggest single reason that people divorce?
Me and my husband have been together for 17 years now. Suddenly, sex has stopped completely. I have discovered he has been watching porn secretly. Should I be concerned about this or is this a normal thing men go through?
Who is legally able to marry people?
Is there any special procedure to divorce a husband who is a judge?
Can a wife file an RTI complaint to find out what her husband's salary is while he is working at a software company?
Can an Iyer boy marry a Konkani Brahmin girl?
Is sex with with a married woman who is separated from her husband appropriate?
What should I do if caste is a problem for marriage?
Is it too difficult for a woman in India to live her life independently after divorce?
Why do wives ask questions while husbands don't?
Why does my husband say nasty things to me even after 26 years of marriage?
I've caught my wife cheating on me for the 3rd time in 3 years. Should I leave her?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
Is it okay to get married civilly without the permission of one’s parents?
Is it a blunder for an unmarried working woman to love a married man whose wife is not good?
Would you tell your spouse you are having problems at work?
What is it that most men in India ‘actually’ want in their future wife?
Would the first lady of America still hold her position if she gets divorced from POTUS?
How did you feel on the next day of your marriage?
How would you cope when your husband impregnates a family friend who is close to you and you have kids with the man and don't want to leave because of the kids?
How do you like your partner in an arranged marriage?
In Chinese family culture, why is it usually understood that there tends to be conflict between a man's wife and his mother?
Does anybody regret his arranged marriage?
Can wedding officiants do funerals?
How do I deal with being jealous when my husband looks at other women?
From a legal standpoint in India, what are the benefits for the man after 7 years of marriage?
If I marry my mother's brother's daughter (cross-cousin), will the child face birth defect problems?
How do we select a bridegroom for a girl or a boy?
Why do you want to remain single and not want to marry in India?
Do you share all your views with your spouse?
How long is the divorce process?
Despite marriage's legal benefits, wouldn't it be less risky to remain unmarried since nowadays many marriages end in divorce?
What should I do if someone threatened my wife at midnight via telephone?
My husband and I want to move to the UAE. On what basis can we apply?
Can I extend a UK marriage visa?
What percent of women remain virgins until marriage?
How can he forget me so easily and decide to marry someone else?
Is it illegal for one spouse to throw the other out of the house?
How can I know if a player is serious about me, knowing that he hinted for marriage and wife material (take into consideration that he is 22)?
What is wrong about marrying someone you feel nothing for?
Is it right to be gay if you are a Hindu? Does Hinduism accept same sex marriage?
How do I invite my friends to a wedding?
Should a girl marry a DFO working in RAW?
How can I check my husband’s WhatsApp?
What are the problems faced if a Bengali guy decides to marry a Manipuri girl?
Are girls interested in having sex while she knows he will not marry her?
Do extramarital affairs really happen in Uttar Pradesh?
A friend registered his marriage but he didn’t have a valid proof of address. He paid extra money to the lawyer and got it done. Is the marriage valid in India?
How can I give my Muslim wife talaq being her Hindu husband as I want to divorce her by speaking talaq three times?
What can I do if my wife hates our country and doesn’t want to live here?
My cousin's husband is harassing her and her parents. Police complaints are not helping. The family is in constant fear. What can we do to stop this?
Are there examples of times when a woman, marriage, and children actually prevented a man from achieving great things for humanity?
How many men marry a prostitute or a sex worker without knowing it?
Why is the poverty line different for married couples?
Where can I find married women that want to have sex?
What made you realize that you want to marry your spouse?
How do I divorce my narcissist husband without him manipulating my 20 year old son?
Why is Polygamy most common in Hindus despite it being illegal for them?
Will 24-year-old Ram be considered a pedophile for marrying 5-year-old Sita?
Can someone predict my job and marriage life? My date of birth is 29-09-1990 at 12:45 pm in New Delhi?
How should I treat my husband?
What do girls think of boys for marriage material?
What qualities must be seen in a boy before marriage of one’s daughter?
Why are you so against arrange marriages?
Did you follow Matthew 18 before filing for a divorce?
What are some of the reasons married couples who still love one another would live in separate homes?
Why do I feel nervous when my parents talk about my arranged marriage?
Why does Catholicism not allow divorce but instead only annulment?
How can you detach from an unloving husband, while staying in a marriage?
Have you masturbated ever since you have been married?
How do I get motivated to live happily? I got married at 19 years old and I am 22 years old now. I have all sorts of wishes, like any other girl of my age and it is so depressing. What can I do?
You are a husband and a father, with realizable dreams and goals, but your wife and children don't believe in you. What do you do?
How can I stop worrying about my marriage (I am 28 now) & concentrate on my career? As a girl, to whom should I give priority?
How do you tell your husband of 14 years that you are so done, his kiss makes you dry-heave?
What role did love play in marriage in 18th century England?
Why do some marriages break after the honeymoon?
What's it like for a man forced to marry a stranger while deeply in love and still committed to another woman? What is the outcome?
My husband isn't affectionate or intimate. What should I do?
What should I do if I discovered I hated my spouse?
I got two girls pregnant and need to marry one. Debra's father is a cop while Jane's is a lawyer. How would you choose?
What should I think about my wife telling me that she does not feel lust for me?
How do I become a loving husband?
Are Indians known for compromising their marriage?
Why are Hindu marriages done “Agni Sakshi” (fire as witness) and not “Panchabhoodham”?
Chandrgupta maurya married helena, he was the first to let European stay in India, he made Greek official language of India just for his wife why so?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
What is legal marriage in Hindu?
How much love and attention should you expect from your husband who is a workaholic?
Are Sikh girls open to the idea of marrying Muslim guys?
Can a man lead a happy sex life even if he married after 30 years?
Where can I get a good doctor to treat my wife?
What happens if you marry someone who is still married to someone else?
Should I tell my future fiance that I want to have a lot of sex in our marriage?
What should be the age difference in couples for marriage?
Why do Chinese people like to marry on May 20?
If Negi was alive and married Hinata, who would be Naruto's next choice to marry?
Is Shabnam Lone married?
What is it that most girls in India ‘actually’ want in their future husbands?
I was left by a woman who I loved and cared for immensely. Could my BPD been the cause of her deceit and infidelity?
What will happen if parents are banned from paying money for their children's marriage?
Will a narcissist ever marry someone with BPD?
How is life being married to a German woman, as a Muslim man?
Do some older men (married) fantasize about much younger women?
What is the punishment for an unmarried girl having an illegal relationship with my husband?
Will there be an effect from marrying a young woman who was born with birth defects? (Her left hand fingers stopped developing from birth.)
In this modern age, is an antiquated custom like marriage still relevant, or even useful?
What is Gandharv Vivah?
Why do married women cheat on good men? Is it money or lust or both?
What would you rather? Marry someone who is in love with you or someone you are in love with?
How can one remain fascinated and love the same person forever after marriage?
Is there any sexual act between a husband and wife (when both are willing) that comes under lust and not love?
How is your experience with your sister in law after marriage?
What might be the problem with me, because I tried many times to impregnate my wife with no results?
Is it more common that a wife will leave a chronically unemployed husband than that a husband will leave a chronically unemployed wife?
What can I do, if my girlfriend gets married?
How much time does it take to get citizenship in Italy on the basis of marriage?
Is it okay to stay in a marriage just for the benefits when you're dating someone else that you say you love and want to plan a future with?
Where will the marriage system go after same-sex marriage is legalized?
Should I get married or even think about marriage if I have a serious health problem?
In blended families, it seems like it would be harder to put your marriage first, what are some things you do to make your marriage a priority?
Why am I getting so perverted even after I am married to a beautiful wife?
Is there the possibility of successful love stories of teenage exes who got married?
How many people get married in Thailand every year?
Should I know Tamil language to marry a Tamilnadu Girl?
Why would a guy talk about marriage?
How do you get what you want in a divorce?
Can non-Kashmiris marry Kashmiri girls/boys?
How many times can I fuck my wife in a day?
Are you happy with your marriage even you're constantly fighting?
What goes on in the mind of an abusive husband?
What is your feeling if your girlfriend’s or your wife’s job salary is more than your salary?
Should I date a person before marriage? If yes, why?
Which type of sex style does a male like after marriage?
Is it ok in Indian society to be unmarried at the age of 27 years old, or to be getting married late?
Is it wrong or right for a 23-year-old girl to marry a 32-year-old man?
What are some problems that a husband and wife might experience?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of getting married at an early age?
Is getting married an essential part of life?
What is your opinion on a joined married life of understanding and companionship versus a committed joint married life?
I'm 50 years of age and happily married to one woman, is circumcision still necessary for me?
Can a man be married and still crave sex with other men?
What should I do about my narcissistic husband of 19 years, and we have 4 kids? I'm living a life in confinement.
What is it to have sex before marriage and you are not so sure if you will surely marry the other person or not?
I'm a middle-aged divorced woman and want the right dateable man. How does one balance showing interest in a man and being too needy?
My husband's sister is mooching off him. How can I stop her?
How many numbers of gf or bf before marriage can be consider normal?
How do I advise my son regarding an inter-caste marriage with an elder girl?
What are some tips for a newly married Indian female to lead a good married life?
What do you do when you think that your spouse is lying to you about having different identities?
How can you spoil your husband?
If you have a wife and you pass away, but she moves on later in life and marries another man, who would be with her in heaven? You or her new husband?
How can I, as a Lebanese Muslim, marry my Hindu girlfriend?
How do I marry other caste girl?
Is it normal not to have sex before getting married at the age of 30?
Why do parents in India don't love LOVE Marriage?
For couples without children, why did one person decide not to get a job?
Can one ask in court to have a spouse assessed for an ASPD?
They got engaged 7 years ago, and every year she wants to get married, but they're still not. Why?
Would you marry someone like Margaret Thatcher?
What is the best option, your wife as a housewife or working woman?
Is it ever okay to hope your parents get divorced?
Is it punishable to be in a room without marriage with a girl?
What can a man do when he has no desire to have sex with his wife of 15 years?
Do Muslims follow lifestyle of Mohammed and marry off their child to a old man?
How do you handle major differences in marriage (i.e., political views, religion, etc.)?
Can proverbs 21:19 refer to leaving a contentious mother as well as a spouse?
What are the rights that the Indian constitution provides a woman if she is getting divorced?
How can I stop the suggestions and indirect comments from my mother-in-law without sounding rude or without my husband thinking I'm against her?
What should be done to save a marriage with a disloyal mate who you love a lot?
Have you put up with an unhappy marriage because you are afraid you will not find someone better?
Why are most marriages in India decided by partner complexion, caste, and income, unlike other countries?
What if I yelled at a client in my wife's office because he was rude to her and she started crying? Will you call it unprofessional?
Why would a wife stay with her husband when she knows he has been cheating for the last year? He has even told her that he loves the other woman.
Should I have an affair with a married woman?
A narcissist says that his wife tells him that men fancy her, and that she does it to make him jealous. Would that be true?
I have my Saturn in the seventh house of my horoscope, does this mean I will never get married or have a happy relationship?
Do you think matrimonial websites are really helpful in finding a man to many?
What type of marriage arrangement does God bless and approve of?
Why do women demand alimony after divorce if they are equally capable of everything, unlike men?
Why is it that even when you are married, you still end up falling in love with another man?
Do men need a signed consent form from their wife to get a vasectomy?
What are the planetary combinations for love marriage?
Can a Muslim husband and non Muslim wife stay as married couples in Dubai?
My boyfriend and I got married in a temple, but we realized it was a bad decision. Would there be legal issues if we do not get a divorce and just move on?
Should I tell my husband about my past relationship?
My boyfriend says we are married from heart and wants to stay in a secret relationship even though marriage is not possible. What do I do here?
Are BPDs capable of long-term, happy, and drama-free marriages?
How far is marriage a strategy of exchange in contemporary society?
Why do Kerala Christian men prefer to marry Indian NRI women, specifically someone who is settled abroad or someone working abroad?
What does it mean if my husband tells me I can do anything I want?
Should I marry a girl who is older than I am and who is a divorcee?
Is it okay to divorce your wife after finding out that she has PCOS and was not aware of its severity until she told her doctor/husband?
Can I ever trust my cheating wife again?
Will "IPL20" happen? If so, which franchise will remain until then?
How can I know my husband’s history?
How do Indian men like their future wives to be? Has there been any change of mindset from previous generations?
Why do Asian people take their wives for granted?
If someone ever asks me why I'm still a virgin at 23, should I tell them I'm a born-again Christian waiting for marriage?
If a wife always scolded her husband and kept a secret relationship with a boy, what should the husband do?
Who is the wife of cricketer Rohit Sharma?
Should I wait for my boyfriend to get his residency in Canada then marry him to come back to the U.S.?
How much is it to get married in the beach in southern California? (it's an under 10 person wedding)
Is it really possible to transform ourselves after marriage?
Is it normal for a man to want to share his wife with other men?
Does marriage kill the joy of life?
What is like to marry in India when you're an introvert?
Is a sex-less marriage a ground for divorce?
Is there some law to protect a man against a fraud case of dowry by a woman?
Why did Hema Malini marry Dharmendra?
Is it possible for a marriage to recover if the wife doesn't sign the divorce papers?
Is it healthy to go a week in a relationship/marriage without speaking to your significant other?
A married man flirts, winks, and calls me ‘dear’ and ‘sweetheart’. What's going on here?
Why do girls always want to talk to their husbands?
What are some ways to support marriage equality?
If a woman is a confirmed narcissist, can her husband also turn into one?
How do I confront my wife about her Jio call records?
What will happen if a boy is younger to the girl for marriage?
Why do Telugus force their kids to marry their cousins through arranged marriages?
How do I cope with a cheating spouse?
What should a daughter do if her parents don't support after her marriage?
My marriage is in trouble, what can I do?
How do I know if we should get married?
What points should you consider when you decide to go for a love marriage without your parents’ consent?
How is it like to marry a Moroccan lady?
Why are there so many divorces in today's society?
How should I select a partner, by being very picky or keep trying until something works out?
Should I just not pursue marriage?
Can you convince someone to never get married?
What is the thing that the father gives to the daughter before marriage and takes back after marriage?
What would life be like with 200 wives?
Will marriage be completed if bridegroom refuses to kiss the bride in marriage?
