What can I do to convince my 42-year-old BPD mom to seek treatment?
What is the worst social media for young people's mental well being?
Is it okay for a sociopath to manipulate people?
Does depression and mental illness affect growth in height?
Is CBT useful for high-functioning autistics in late teens? This is about a boy in his late teens. Problematic social behaviours sexual in nature.
As an unemployee, how do you overcome the mental pressure?
What if a depressed person refuses to consult a doctor and refuses medication?
Can one use characteristical similarities between humans as a basis for suggesting an individual’s mentality?
I want to be a music producer, but every time I come across an answer which has IIT in it, I feel depressed. What should I do?
Does an anxiety attack make ADHD symptoms worse?
After recovering from depression, how do I regain the full cognitive ability and strength I once had?
Do sociopaths also have a paranoid personality disorder?
What is the solution if a depressed person refuses to consult doctor and the person is harming the family?
Should I work on vulnerability, trust, anxiety and depression with an emotionally focused therapist or an IFS/EMDR therapist?
Is it possible to lead a meaningful life with a severe mental illness?
How do I overcome my glossophobia (speech anxiety)?
How do I tell this girl at school that vaccines don't cause the illnesses that they're supposed to prevent?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
How many people reading this have been diagnosed with a Primary Immunodeficiency?
I am suffering from emphysema. Can I go to Dharamshala for studies?
Since learning about people with PD/NPD, why am I still having a hard time understanding that everything I thought I knew about my ex was a lie?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
Why does my natural anxiety get in the way of my acting career?
How do people with borderline personality disorder prevent themselves from crying?
What is your trauma?
I graduated from high school. What do I do now?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
Is it hard to get into clinical mental counseling programs?
Can Prednisone cause anxiety?
What're the best ways to avoid a psychological disturbance?
How far are we from finding a cure for the mental disorder known as atheism?
What are unreasonable reasons and unreasonable frequencies of a psychotherapist taking time off? What crosses the line of being unprofessional?
Love is a mental illness that destroys the mind. How can it be cured?
Did fMRI & other similar technologies destigmatize psychiatric disorders since we can view them as medical conditions & not the fault of the patient?
What are some useful lists to commit to memory for mental/speed math?
Can someone die from depression alone?
Do people with depression feel depressed/empty all the time or sometimes it's strong and sometimes you can actually be happy?
How does one know if they're suffering from manic depression?
Am I actually depressed? How should I seek help?
Why do people suffering depression push other people away?
Has BPD just singled out those to whom they are close?
Seeing as how psychopathy isn't a diagnosable condition, what were psychopaths diagnosed with?
Is a person who hears voices and thinks others are spying on them likely to commit suicide eventually?
How come I have had major hallucinations from Zoloft after two days?
How old do I have to be to get diagnosed with ASPD?
Is going through depression a spiritual and karmic test?
What goes wrong in early childhood development that could cause narcissistic personality disorder?
What should I do to get over mild depression? What should I do to cheer myself up?
How can I find out whether I'm disturbed or depressed?
Is there a disorder/disease or mental illness where you are happy one day and totally unmotivated the next?
What is the difference between emetophobia and OCD?
Can anxiety disorder cause EKG/ECG abnormalities?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
What keeps suicidal people going?
Does staying in a mental hospital affect my reputation/record? How could that affect my future?
Is Pranic Healing effective in curing social anxiety?
I've been sent to be assessed by a mental health team for anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy sub, what do I do?
How do the different types of mental disorders affect people?
When dealing with suicidal thoughts or depression, did any online suicide prevention/support services help you? If so, which ones?
What medications are prescribed when a person suffers from PTSD and severe anxiety?
Can a person be cured of PTSD?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
Is it possible to "turn" into a sociopath later in life if you've been through traumatic experiences, have traits, but still feel empathy?
How should one cope with the constant "slippage" back to depression particularly when meds poop out?
Why are members of ISIS not in mental hospitals or prison?
I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow about whether I have depression what do I say?
What is it like to have a psychological mind?
I feel like hypomanic when only listening to music. Does this mean I'm bipolar and/or manic?
Being a victim of a Vyapam scandal is driving me crazy; I'm frustrated and depressed. I'm 23 and I have no degree. What should I do?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
What is the scope for speech therapy?
Can someone with social anxiety become a psychologist?
Which practice management software packages do psychotherapists/psychologists use, and what do they think of them?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have different personality disorders in each of his personalities?
What are the common symptoms of intermittent explosive disorder?
Do psychopaths enjoy bestiality?
Should I quit gaming if it makes me depressed and I want to get fit and better grades?
How do teens with BPD act usually?
Who experiences euthymic/stable state longer? Schizophrenics or people with bipolar disorder?
Do you believe there is a major difference in recovery from mental illness for those of higher intellect?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
Where can I find a good psychologist in Jaipur for eating disorders?
Aren't the people who aid & abet severely obese, bedridden family members mentally ill?
After drinking, Dad doesn't talk properly to Mom and me. Conversing with him takes a mental toll on us. Should I isolate him from my world mentally?
A girl with signs of mental illness is accusing me of battery. What can I do?
Is narcissistic personality disorder a common personality disorder serial killers have?
Can psychopaths have cognitive empathy?
Why does it happen that I fight with depression for a long time and feel happy for a short period of time and again get depressed? Why is the cycle repeating?
Is it normal for a therapist to look concerned when a client has a drastic personality change?
Why do people with BPD deny having BPD?
How do I overcome depression due to delay in getting pregnant?
What are some examples of sociopathic tendencies?
What should I do if I self-harm but don’t know why?
Will my "depression" ever go away? I'm supposedly bipolar, and I say it that way because I feel that borderline mental illness might not be real.
I think I am depressed. What can I do?
Why does love feel like I didn't take my anxiety meds?
I have a feeling that people are criticizing me in their heads. Is it paranoia or social anxiety?
At what age can someone be clinically diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder?
Is there any new type of mental illness that has been discovered in the last 25 years?
Does the government offer medical licenses to aspirants who are diagnosed with psychiatric conditions?
Why do people have a cheap mentality?
What are the odds a narcissistic sociopath with borderline personality disorder has recycled 3 times?
Do my parents have to be notified if I want to see a therapist privately?
Can you go insane from an internet video?
What are some common traits that people confuse between psychopaths and sociopaths?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
How can I explain to people about my mental illness when I don't seem "crazy" to other people most of the time?
What do you mean by psychotherapy?
Why are my coping mechanisms regressing?
Do you have any advice for an adult waiting on a diagnosis of autism?
Why do I zone out so often and is it a cause for worry?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorders murder?
Do psychotherapists provide the same legal provision for client confidentiality as lawyers do?
Can caffeine be used to treat ADHD in nursing mothers who were diagnosed after having children?
How can I stop depression as a teenager?
Why do people suffer from depression?
Where can I find the solution to psychological problems?
Do you have any recommendations for counseling or therapy in Michigan, USA?
What are the reasons of someone with BPD getting fired from work?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
Can sodium nitroprusside be used safely in the routine treatment of schizophrenia?
Is there any scale to measure depression? What would make you decide that you are depressed?
Can not eating be a symptom of mania/hypomania?
What makes you get over depression faster?
For psychotherapists with many decades of experience, what has changed and stayed the same in what clients have brought to therapy over the decades?
How does it feel to not have social anxiety?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
How do you manage things you can't control (like family issues, illness, etc)?
Is nail biting a sign of psychological disorder like narcissism or psychopathy?
I always find myself either wanting things to be perfect or not wanting anything at all. This gets me depressed. What should I do?
I have been having suicidal thoughts and intents for a while now. Should I just ignore this? If I had access to ways to successfully do it I would.
Are there any methods (psychiatric or otherwise) that are proven to help with the symptoms of Narcissistic Victim Syndrome?
Isn’t it inevitable that people will scream or shout out at others, to reduce their mental stress?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
When does the onset of schizophrenia begin? Is it noticeable at first?
Is it possible to mentally prepare yourself for death?
How can I deal with stress, depression and boredom?
How can I overcome my depression?
How would a sociopath with comorbid BPD look like?
Who are some famous paranoid schizophrenics?
What role can technology play in helping people who suffer from depression?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Is Dota 2 a fun and addicting game that can keep me restrained from thinking about depression?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
Is there a lifestyle that exists in America, where I can refuse psychiatric treatment?
What are the best multivitamins to prevent Alzheimer's/dementia?
Is there anyone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder in Bhopal?
How long should it take (roughly) for your therapist to give you a diagnosis?
How do you know if you're a sociopath or just an ENTP with low empathy?
Is tardive dyskinesia reversible?
How long does paranoia last in a bipolar disorder?
I've been depressed for 3 years now. I'm considering suicide. What should I do?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
What actions would get you instantly in a mental home?
I was left by a woman who couldn't understand that all I wanted was a trustworthy and loyal partner. Could my BPD been the cause of her infidelity?
What should be done when a person is mentally drained out and they are not getting enough care from their family?
Is Neurofeedback (to treat anxiety) safe?
Is it any better or worse for recovery to try and resist the symptoms of drug-induced movement disorders?
Is it hard to adjust to "the real world" if someone with a narcissistic personality disorder has recently recovered from the disorder?
What should I do to overcome depression? I become over-anxious or over-depressed.
Which is your best experience with or as a psychologist?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths still like Hannibal, regardless of the wrong prescription of a psychopath?
Knowing that fear is a mental state, how can we definitively suppress/overcome it?
What would happen if I was misdiagnosed as bipolar and took Seroquel for 3 nights (50m, 50mg, and 100mg) for this condition and for insomnia?
Why is talking to self considered insane?
What words would you tell someone who is a manic bipolar?
How can I find online help for depression?
Why am I usually depressed during most of the day and feel much better in the evenings?
Has anyone went to therapy thinking they have a mental illness and were really suffering, then found out they are fine and just exaggerating?
How would you explain how it feels to not have a personality disorder to someone with a class B personality disorder?
Is it right to commit suicide for being short?
How can I transform myself to become my greatest version physically and mentally?
What current depressing situation are you going through?
What's that mental state called where you get a sudden rush of excitement?
Is there any type of OCD that happens only when you are on the internet (let’s say an internet sub-type of OCD)?
How do I get over my fear of burglars?
Do psychopaths ever feel smug? If so, when?
Will a full psychological test reveal a very suave covert narcissist's condition?
Why do some specialists give titles to the people that are suffering from a mental disorder if behaviours are changeable by own good will?
Will somebody please shout out 3 awesome things about anyone you know with BPD? Can't we be good parents & friends, too? Can our loyalty be duly noted?
What are some learning strategies for veteran students with TBI and PTSD?
Is the feeling of being 'possessed' (not being able to control ones thoughts/feelings) a symptom of dissociative identity disorder or something else?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
Do people with psychosis or a psychotic breakdown know that about themselves? Are they cognizant they are in an alternate reality/breakdown?
I am getting depressed due to my parents. They treat me so badly. What should I do?
Why do I keep having thoughts of suicide although I am perfectly right in the head (no depression, bipolar disorder, etc)?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder ever feel remorse?
Is creativity more common among bipolar 1 disorder or bipolar 2 disorder?
This world is conditional, and we are only wanted if we are useful, so how can someone be labeled as "depressed," when it makes sense to feel down about life?
How can one deal with siblings who talk down to you, or bully you, because of past mental health issues?
Centering on medical studies, are psychopaths born “as psychopaths” or is there always a contributing factor?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Is there anyone who took PCM by choice, but got depressed in 12th due to consistent falldowns?
Are sadness and depression the same? What do you do to cope with them?
At what age does signs of mental illness begin to show?
Does homeopathy work in OCD cases?
Whenever I return to my hometown for any length of time, I become overcome with depression. Is this a common phenomenon?
Is dementia genetic?
What's the best way to get someone with borderline personality disorder (BPD) into treatment or Dialectical Behavior Therapy when they don't believe they have a problem in the first place?
Can you be a sociopath without having severe trauma and having had a relatively normal life?
How do you know if you are a high functioning autistic?
Is there any renowned economist with ADHD/ADD?
How can I break out of a mental loop?
Would you date someone who tried to commit suicide in their past?
What is the least painful way to commit suicide?
I'm only fourteen, and I think I'm depressed. What do I do?
Can mapping the human connectome lead to a concrete understanding of mental illness?
Does the antidepressant Effexor promote wakefulness and attention in people with ADD/ADHD, just as Strattera does? Or is Strattera the only one?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
What's the best way to ease the feeling of someone in anxiety or depression?
What is the relationship between synchronicity and personality disorders, like BPD?
From any TV show, which characters do you believe have psychological disorders and why?
At what age do most humans begin losing their mental faculties?
Do people who hear voices ever hear useful information or positive things or are the voices always negative and delusional?
How can I get excited when I need to stay calm in order to prevent triggering anxiety?
Is there a diagnosis for some who diagnoses everyone with out a degree or training?
I have a felony record, I suffer from bipolar, and I'm 20, can I save the world?
A lady has periodic mental phases. She speaks a lot during that and is very nonsensical and turns religious. What can the problem be?
Why does isolation drive someone insane?
How common is the somatization disorder?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
How is sex like with a bipolar person?
What's the difference between cyclothymia and bipolar disorder?
How do you explain that depression is a feeling, directed by brain chemistry, that doesn't go away no matter what action is taken?
Is there any good way to get rid of a fetish?
What should I do if the stupidity of my mother drives me insane?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
How do I know if my dysphagia is a sign of a physical or a mental problem?
What can you do if you are scared of what to do when graduating/what to study, of getting depressed in post-secondary, and/or other fears?
Is depression a genetic disease, or is it affected or triggered by environment?
Statistically speaking, what percentage of homeless people have a mental illness?
What medical tests exist for 'cured' for illnesses not caused by a parasite?
What is the average dose of quetiapine for BPD (EUPD)?
How do I handle depression and suicidal thoughts during pregnancy as a single mother?
Do psychopaths make good shoplifters and are they better at it than neurotypicals?
Can one prevent mental aging and the mental decline that comes with it?
What are some characteristics of the different types of paranoid personality disorder?
How can I get out of depression when it feels like nothing matters anymore and that no one actually cares?
Can you sue someone if their stalking caused you to go psychotic?
Do gadgets help in overcoming depression? If so what apps/games you suggest?
Does lithium really work for depression?
Can I get some opinions on whether I should seek help?
Can someone become a sociopath without being molested?
Will Psychopaths fake other personality disorders to confuse their victims?
Is Sense8 about something that is kind of like DID (dissociative identity disorder), but in reverse?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
What kind of qualities do you see in psychopaths or sociopaths that you wish you had?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Should I keep gaming if it makes me depressed but independent as a teen?
Can you help a psychopath?
Is writing to relieve OCD related anxiety counterproductive in this case?
Why are more and more people affected by stress, anxiety, and depression, compared to the past and previous generations?
Can an autistic person become a therapist?
Do people with BPD ‘love bomb’ like narcissists?
Which Naruto characters are sociopaths?
Recently, my parents suffered a huge financial loss of 70 lacs Rs? Both of them are inconsolable and are in a deep depression. What should I do?
Should I self-harm aloud to force people to like me?
What type of paranoia commonly occurs in bipolar disorder?
A guy has developed OCD and depression due to years of bullying in school and college. Can he ever stop taking OCD medication and lead a normal life?
Was depression a major issue for you before you came out to your family?
How do I make myself better in just one month? How do I overcome my depression and make myself happy?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
What are some ways to relax your mind out of all of your anxiety and stress?
Can a narcissist use doing good to others to get his supply?
Are there any treatment centres that specialise in addiction and borderline personality disorder comorbidity?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Calicut?
What will happen to me mentally and physically if I continue to suppress my negative emotions?
Am I a sociopath? How do I know for sure?
When are you tempted to stop taking your psychiatric medications in order to feel more brilliant?
Does being diagnosed with a mental disorder as a teenager affect the chance of becoming an astronaut?
When do I become matured mentally?
Who is qualified to treat depression, and how is it treated?
How do I stop letting anxiety and stress ruin my life?
Why do happy people tend to refuse medication when falling ill?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
How do makers of apps & digital services for people with depression design to keep those depressed people from simply retreating into the technology?
Should I seek mental help?
When it comes to prescribed medications to treat mental illness, what is the difference between being dependant and being addicted?
What factors contribute to the higher than average prevalence of depression in Belgium?
What is the best actionable advice for someone who is struggling with depression?
Koko sounds like Quora for mental health. How is it different?
What if I diagnosed my partner as a narcissit wrongly?
Where I can found society of mental brahmacharis?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager forever and improve my life?
Every single test I took online says that I have severe depression. I don't want to take any meds due to the side effects. How do I explain this to my doctor?
What do psychopaths think of childhood abuse?
How are the different types of mental disorders treated?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
How does it sound to have a professional guide to work you through any health problem you may have, or any health achievment you may want to reach?
How do I overcome stress and anxiety one day before the BITSAT?
How hard is it for someone with schizoid personality disorder to get through school?
Is there any psychiatric condition in which the patient tends to help others?
How does one get a Psychiatric Service Dog?
If I call 911 and tell them I am going insane and going to kill myself, will I have to speak to my parents before going to a hospital?
Are narcissists delusional and mentally unstable?
How do I cope with loneliness, homesickness, depression when studying abroad?
How many of you have thought of committing suicide, and why? And what stopped you from going ahead?
How does a psychopath feel during a depression?
How do I get away from depression? I just came out of a depression but now once again it has hit me.
How do I stop my mind from having negative thoughts? My mind adds up all the possibilities and that makes me more upset or worried.
How can I treat my obsessive love disorder?
I have been having panic attacks since my breakup, will they ever stop?
Why does anxiety cause tiredness?
Is it common for the partner of someone with BPD to lose their social life, abuse alcohol, & feel dependent on their BPD partner?
What is victim mentality and how can one get over it?
Will a separation from your parents help you to get over depression?
What is some advice for someone with BPD who is trying to recover?
Can you cure misophonia?
What sort of mental issues does Trevor Phillips from GTA V suffer from?
Do people with bipolar disorder during grandiose state behave like they know it all just like narcissists?
How can a severely mentally ill individual convince themselves that their life is worth living?
What is the best natural stress relief for ptsd?
I got multiple 94–100% scores on tests to help assess if someone is a psychopath or not. What should I do?
What is the meaning of an obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD)?
Hi I am really worried. I suffer from anxiety and OCD. And I suffer from repetitive blasphemes thoughts. I am a christian. i have Thoughts like the unpardonable  sin. Now the thing that worries me is that say I get baptized in the Holy Spirit and I try to speak in tongues. But I can't speak In tongues. Is it possible that I committed the unpardonable sin because I can't speak In Tongues after I was baptized by the Holy Spirit? I have these thoughts about the unpardonable sin like almost every day. I don't want to have these thoughts.
After the discard stage, do narcissists treat their victims as if they were the narcissist?
Are all psychopaths good at lying?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
Do Low Functioning sociopaths blend in like their High Functioning counterpart?
Is the teenage depression hotline effective?
Can untreated OCD lead to schizophrenia?
What is your advice on the balance between knowledge and experience?
If a person has a mental illness, does that mean the person is insane and can't function in society?
Is listening to music good or bad for our mental health?
Has anyone been at the brink of sanity? How did you find your way out?
Is it "attention seeking" and "conceited" (in a way) to accept/sometimes say that I have a mental disorder?
Is there a difference between depression and major depressive disorder or MDD?
Do other sociopaths also suffer from getting bored to fast from certain songs, they actually admire?
What should I tell to the counselor about my depression?
Do anxiety/depression and sleep deprivation have the same side effects as weed?
How can I recover from the depression of failure in my educational career upon graduation?
Are you supposed to not go to the light if you get a concussion? How come?
How can I ensure my overall mental development?
How do you deal with anxiety and depression syndrome?
Can a child be a psychopath?
Is Demi Lovato really bipolar manic and depressed?
I form patterns and if I can't cope with them, I feel stressful. Is it some disorder?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Can someone be asocial, shy and introverted and not have schizoid personality disorder?
Can people become psychopaths eventually, as opposed to being born as such?
Why doesn't the psychology community recognize psychopathy as different to ASDP?
Does a schizophrenic drawing what is in their mind help them understand themselves?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
What are the chances of someone having bipolar disorder if one of his parents have it?
How do I support my depressed dad?
How can I cope with depression/manic bipolar episodes without seeing a shrink (I can't afford Obama Care)?
Why do I feel anxious about a kiss?
How do people with bipolar disorder feel during a grandiose state?
What are third wave behavior therapies?
How do I safely ask for help when I have a dependent personality disorder?
Are Northern Europe countries like Sweden the heaven for anti-social and non-ambitious people?
Why does rain make me depressed? How do I get over it?
Can a psychopath tell that they're a psychopath before they've been diagnosed?
Does the stable state last longer in schizophrenia or in bipolar disorder?
What is the worst chronic disease to have? I think it's depression or anxiety. I have and have had many other serious illnesses.
Is drinking a sign of depression?
I suffer from depression. Should I just give up?
Why do people in India neglect mental health and visiting a psychiatrist is considered more of a taboo?
Do psychopaths ever experience uncontrollable laughter?
Does Luvox treat depression?
What “reasonable adjustments” can my occupational health report make?
What recent innovations have been made in the way psychologists think about and treat depression?
Why do we get distracted and become depressed while studying?
Why does my social anxiety go away when I speak another language?
Why do I get so anxious when someone laughs at me?
Should I use social anxiety pills? If yes, what are they called?
What are the best methods to improve Depression and anxiety without Meds?
Psychopaths, does it affect you that sometimes your actions and your involvement change an outcome of a situation?
Why does everyone sound so depressed on Quora?
How do you lull a psychopath to sleep?
Is it possible to engage in eating disorder behaviors with without actually having one?
I am depressed because my single mother keeps yelling at me all the time. What should I do?
Did anyone with BPD get told they were just being teens when they knew that they did have BPD?
What is the name of the stiffness disorder suffered by mountaineers at higher altitudes?
What are the best meds to combat severe anxiety?
How do you deal with anxiety and its effects?
What can I do when neither therapy nor medication have helped my depression?
Have you been peed upon by somebody else?
Do I have to accept the fact that I'm never going to overcome depression?
I think my mom is quite depressed. What should I do?
Why do you think many people do not seek help for anxiety problems?
How does Phenergan treat anxiety?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
If I call 911 saying I am going insane, how long will I be in a mental hospital if I tell them I will hurt myself if they let me go?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
What are the different types of mental disorders?
What do you do when a therapist asks you to do an assignment, but you can't do it? Am I failing therapy?
Do you know any interesting case of faking a disorder?
What are some ways to not let others disturb our mental peace?
Are more people depressed than ever or am I incorrectly perceiving the world that way due to myself being so depressed?
Are Avoidant Personality Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome possibly be both present?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
Do people abuse drugs and alcohol, or do drugs and alcohol abuse people?
How often on average should men have sex to stay mentally healthy?
Is it possible to recover from a 12-year experience of being heavy bullied at school from a large number of people (including some teachers)?
Are all drug induced psychotic episodes due to mental illness?
Does anyone find it ironic that Congresswoman Waters continues to say that a lot of conservatives have real mental problems?
Does artificial intelligence affect our mental growth in a negative way?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
If psychological illnesses are fake, would this be a plausible alternative?
Sometimes in our lives we get depressed. What are the different reasons for depression?
What is insanity and at which point can a person be classified as "medically insane"?
What is the next therapy session like after a suicide attempt?
What are some daily things you can do that make you mentally stronger?
Does masturbation hampers our mental power?
How can I commit suicide easily without hurting anyone?
What is specific social anxiety, and how can a person overcome it?
Does a sociopath or psychopath's face truly morph when they transfer into one of their other personalities?
I'm 14 and trying to figure out how can I get mental help without directly asking for it?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
Is pain physically real or mentally?
Can you have bipolar and borderline personality disorder?
How does one cope with stress in law school?
In what ways do mothers with borderline personality disorder affect their children?
What should I do whenever I feel depressed or demotivated?
How do we regenerate an active mind which is under depression?
I want to make a company of psychopaths, how do I do it?
Is this depression or anxiety I always feel restless and feel like crying?
What is the savest and "easiest" way to commit suicide?
Does stable/euthymic state lasts longer in schizophrenia or bipolar disorder?
What were you depressed about?
Does criticism become less painful for someone with BPD when they make progress in their disorder?
Should psychopaths who have committed violent crimes be held accountable for them?
Are lefties more prone to mental illness?
How do you deal with anxiety/constantly not feeling good enough?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
How are you coping with your bipolar and are you getting good help?
Can depression cause constant chest discomfort?
How does a person stop being a compulsive liar?
What are alternatives to lorazepam to treat an anxiety disorder?
What is the difference between a syndrome and a disease?
How can I defend myself from someone with a borderline personality disorder?
What are the effects of over-protective parents on a child’s mental health?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
Why do some people tend to attract people with personality disorders into their life?
Do you take medication for your anxiety? If so, are you concerned about studies that say anxiety medications can cause permanent changes in your brain?
How does over-analysis deepen your mental illness?
Is there anyone here on Quora who can help me overcome depression?
Is it possible to get PTSD from a dream?
Is it bad that I resent my mentally ill sister, after she dropped out of two universities, leaving us broke?
What do I do to identify what type of narcissistic disorder I have?
How can I get over stress and depression?
Are 'psychosomatic' issues a medically accepted condition? If so, how does it work? What is the frequency of occurrences? Are the symptoms real?
What's the end of depression?
What are the physical ways to reduce tension and anxiety before and during the exam days?
What do you think about Waldo Bernasconi and Neo-Reichian analytic psychotherapy, the therapy of five motions? Is it scientific?
What are some behaviours that you're most ashamed of when you were in a borderline personality "episode"?
When I read on Quora, it seems to me that everyone is so knowledgeable and I don't know anything, I feel depressed sometimes. What should I do?
What is the significance of the exposure therapy when treating phobias?
What's wrong with me, I know I'm gay but something in my head keeps making me second guess myself?
What is the one word for physically present in one place and mentally somewhere else?
Is it normal for anxiety sufferers to doubt their feelings for their partners in new relationships? I'm a long-time anxiety sufferer.
How likely are voice hearers to commit suicide?
Why do I feel the need to read about who were the victims after terror attacks?
When does a proposed disorder becomes an official disorder? And where do you check if it's really officially recognized in medicine?
What do psychopaths think of sex?
Is social anxiety a mental disorder or a mindset?
What is the likely cause of lethargy barring any grave illness in an otherwise functioning individual?
Whenever life gets normal, I begin getting depressed again. How do you think I can prevent that or reduce the feeling?
I live in the UK. If I get diagnosed with depression, will I get signed off work?
Have people completely recovered after depression?
What distinctions separate BPD and adult child symptoms?
How would a person with Aspergers react to a sociopath stare?
How can I get over my severe social anxiety enough to not mess up every relationship I have before they even have a chance to be something?
Are people on the dark web more likely to have some kind of disorder?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Dear psychopaths/sociopaths, do you think it's possible to feel and simultaneously be "completely" logical?
Has anyone actually overcome depression and suicidal feelings?
What is it like to be in a relationship with a bipolar person?
Who volunteers in a support group for people with depression?
What do you do when you feel really blue and depressed?
What are some good methods that can relieve you from anxiety?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
How can I tell if I suffer with BPD rather than just a preoccupied attachment style?
Do you really need to see a psychologist if you know what you have and don't even want to change?
How can I stop this nightly depression that is crushing me?
What is the way to come out of depression? Is using drugs or alcohol the right way to come out?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
Does jealousy cause paranoia or does paranoia cause jealousy?
Can overthinking past mistakes turn you into a depressed person?
What mental illnesses does David Wood suffer from?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
How do narcissists know to select people who cannot defend their personal boundaries?
What is the similarities between God and psychopath/sociopath/narcissistic?
How do I help someone with body dysmorphic disorder?
Are you really co-dependent or did you end up in a co-dependent relationship with a borderline without realizing it?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
Can meditation make you insane and mental?
How do you deal with anxiety and being ridiculed because you are trans?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
I have bipolar II disorder. Does anyone have any coping advice? I do see a therapist regularly but I'm afraid of meds & therapy can be uncomfortable.
I’m a teenager with separation anxiety. What should I do?
Is psychopathy our default setting?
What's the difference between sociopaths, psychopaths, narcissists, and a Machiavellian?
How can a person suffering from bipolar 2 take decisions and control his life?
How did psychopaths react to having a child?
What could this mental illness be?
How would psychopaths react if they're "scared" in a way?
What do you do if someone threatens to commit suicide?
Is it possible to reclaim creativity after a long depression?
Do psychopaths have different inherent reflexes/instincts?
How long does it take to recover from years on psychiatric drugs?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
Is it possible to have mild bipolar or anxiety?
How do people who suffer from multiple personality disorder, manage their daily life?
Can a sociopath be calm and avoid anger problems?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
How can a bipolar induce sleep during a manic phase without an anti manic?
How can I live even though I am old and ugly and depressed?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
If schizophrenia is a condition and not an illness, why can’t it be cured and not just managed?
What is the best thing I can do to ease the feeling of people with depression or anxiety?
Why does clinical depression happen?
How long does an average bipolar episode last?
What does the mental developmental index mean?
What are some of your experiences as a gay man with borderline personality traits?
What do narcissists say about their condition?
How do I tell my parents about my mental health issues?
How do you describe the biology behind depression under 2 minutes?
Why is it that a large percentage of people that commit suicide, do it by hanging themselves? It seems there are a lot better options.
Why do people think that you are weak when you are depressed?
Do psychopaths ever have such a convincing mask that they even convince themselves?
Have you had thoughts of suicide?
Are there any chemistry based or other objective tests for mental illnesses?
What hapens when a psychopath grows up in a good environment and is taught to feel empathy and not to hurt or manipulate others?
How have your son's struggles with schizophrenia affected your opinion of the condition (not of the people afflicted with it)?
How do psychopaths and people with ASPD deal with boredom?
How can you learn to make good small but hard everyday choices (e.g. avoiding sweets on a diet, etc.), governing your feeling-thought-action dynamics?
Is it possible to have PTSD from something that was not sexual abuse or a physical threat?
How does it feels like to suffer from "aunty shaming" in India?
What are meditation techniques used to overcome anxiety?
What is the best way to relax mentally in preparation for an exam?
How do anti-depression pills work in our bodies?
Depression has made me a better person. Without trying to "get rid of it", what are some ways to manage it?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
Why were people with mental illness abused in the past, and currently in some countries?
Do people with borderline personality disorder get very jealous?
Why am I feeling anxiety about a kiss I did not consent to?
Why do you feel the need to glorify your mental disorders as if it's something to boast and brag about?
Why do I self harm?
What are alternatives when therapy exacerbates rather than mitigates?
Can I end my OCD completely?
What does it feel like to be ill?
Gaming makes me depressed as a teen. Should I stop gaming?
How did you get diagnosed as a clinical psychopath, sociopath, or ASPD?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Why is my social anxiety worse when I'm around my family? I go out of my way to avoid them because they make me feel nervous and I hide from them.
Do you believe it is better for a client to plan what to discuss in a psychotherapy session or just allow things to "naturally" unfold?
Is high functioning depression real? Where can I get professional information online?
Has anyone overcome social anxiety? If so, how?
Why is the number of people being treated for mental illnesses still rapidly increasing if the most common treatments (therapy & drugs) are effective?
Do your body movements respond to OCD intrusive thoughts?
Do all people with borderline suffer from a depression?
What causes mental decompensation?
Is the contemplation of the meaninglessness of existence an effective cure for depression and embarrassment?
Does Will Graham from NBC's Hannibal fit the criteria for BPD?
Did you struggle with depression as a teenager? Do you feel you still battle it as an adult?
Do malignant narcissists hoover after discarding you?
What is going on inside a stalker's head?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
How does PTSD affect tenants in the home?
What do people who are unable to work (due to illness) do to fill their days?
Can you get your looks back after depression?
Is it true that Nobita was real and suffering from schizophrenia and that he imagined Doraemon?
Is mental health an issue among Christians in America?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
How do I, as a clinically depressed person, get through to my narcissistic brother, who is coming to visit? He has no clue how stressful it will be for me.
Why do those with BPD blame others?
What is the safest and easiest way to commit suicide?
Without any degrees or licenses, could I create this business idea that I have for Mental Health?
Am I the only one who feels so depressed that I cry when I see very young kids swearing?
Why do people on Quora expand their answers and stretch it outside the box, Even though this isn't an "essay competition"?
What are some psychiatric lies?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
Is there a definitive point in time where we can say Hitler went from sane to insane?
Can a bad childhood cause adult survivors to lie excessively and uncontrollably? Is it a mental disorder or just plain human nature?
Does Ayahuasca cure anxiety?
Is it ridiculous if an adult gets relieved from anger and despair by self-harm?
Why are drama teachers so insane?
How do I get over this feeling? I had a breakup in Nov. 2016. I have a panic attack every time I come across anything that is remotely​ related to her.
Why do I get filled with negativity on certain days/times of the week?
How do I control stress?
I feel depressed at times, but perfectly fine. My depression comes along at sporadic times, usually small things sparking it. Am I bipolar?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
I think my anxiety is causing depression. I do not know what to do. My parents think depression is a way of getting attention. What should I do?
I feel very depressed and useless. How do I prevent suicide?
How true is this about Doraemon that a real Nobita suffering from schizophrenia and he committed a suicide?
I consciously employ influence psychology to get what I want, am I a psychopath?
Do therapists recommended different clothing to their patients?
What's the best way to help someone with dissociative identity disorder without making it worse for that individual?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
Do psychopaths have anything to compensate for their lack of emotions?
Have you ever been anxious for no reason at all?
Would a sociopath make a great psychologist?
What is the best way to overcome a really traumatic experience?
Am I mentally strong if I always hold my tears in front of other people?
Is there a correlation between depression and being second-born?
Is it common for people with borderline personality disorder to be brutally honest even when it does them harm?
Can second hand weed smoke cause panic and anxiety attacks?
How bad is Japan’s Princess Masako's "adjustment disorder" illness affecting her life & personality?
How do I deal with my husband's extreme sloppiness?
What are the specific behaviors you consider to diagnose BPD?
Why do people pity those who self-harm, but not those who harm others?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths ever fake cry, when getting in trouble as children?
Can methylphenidate cause permanent bipolar disorder?
How do I get therapy without my parents finding out in India?
Was Tom Riddle a sociopath or a psychopath?
Should bipolar disorder sufferers seek stability and routine above all else?
What disorder has symptoms like repetition of words, language problems (language is not clear), and emotional problems?
Are there people of the 'too lazy to commit suicide' variety?
How do I beat exam stress?
Is it normal to constantly and uncontrollably have a crush? Could it be a disorder?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
I remember hating people very quickly when I was a child. Why was that? Is it normal?
How do I know if I damaged myself by taking a low dose of risperidone for 5 months?
Why is mental illness used as an excuse by some abusers?
I am feeling really hopeless, what shall I do?
What have been the most helpful words or deeds in helping you to overcome mental problems?
Will I ever stop being so anxious?
If others cannot recover fully from depression then why and how can I?
How can I convince my parents to go to a therapist without telling them that I think I’m bipolar?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
Over the past couple of years, I have become dependent on looking at screens. What has happened to me?
What are the main challenges with patient feedback in mental health services?
What are some tips to cope with social anxiety?
What sorts of thoughts run through your mind when you see a mentally disabled person?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
How do you treat addictive personality disorder?
How do I self harm?
Is it legal to refuse to sell a gun to someone who looks mentally ill?
Does seeing a therapist and taking antidepressants help depression and anxiety?
As per Islam, life and death are in God's hands, then why are people able to take their own lives?
Is defining mental heath culturally significant?
How does a psychiatrist choose between diagnosing a patient with NPD versus a diagnosis as a sociopath?
What are some immediate ways to help a panic attack?
A therapist withdrew from my BPD child, and now my child hates me. Why?
What is homosexual obsessive compulsive disorder (HOCD)?
What can a nurse do for psychiatric patients?
How can I help my struggling classmate?
Does the thought of the average human life depress most people, i.e. eat, sleep, school, and work, etc.?
Is there anyway to find out if I am mentally weak?
How will I tell my parents that I am sad or nearly depressed and I seek counseling?
Why do I feel depressed after yoga?
Why do I get depressed when I'm on the Internet for a long time?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
The breathing techniques discovered by Wim Hof can help eliminate depression and anxiety, but can it send blood flowing to anywhere in the body?
Do you believe that estrogen therapy reduces physical strength in transwomen?
How do I test for bipolar depression symptoms?
What would earn a psychopath's unstoppable vengeance against you?
I am 30 years old. I am suffering from pure OCD. I just have obsessions and rare compulsions. I tried medicines, yoga, but nothing’s helping. What do I do?
What are the things which can give you mental peace?
What should I do to keep myself from having more depression break downs?
Scary thoughts are not letting me sleep. I have anxiety. How do I overcome irrational and scary thoughts?
What are the ayahuasca health requirements?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What percentage of U.S. citizens suffer from some type of mental health disorder?
What are some of the best stories about schizophrenia?
The recent news says that "Instagram is worst social media for young mental health". What's your honest opinion on this?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Is there any help I can get regarding my mental health for free in Delhi?
How can I get my mind out of this deep cycle of anxiety and panic feeling?
Do people with personality disorders often use words like "always" or "never"?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
Can a diagnosed sociopath or psychopath become a social worker/therapist/psychologist?
What is psychological abuse?
What disorder (mental) would make a person show no facial expressions?
What is the point of trying when people are bloodthirsty and crazy?
How do you deal with the fact that you might be a sociopath?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
What is the difference between being lonely or depressed? How can one know?
What do I do if I can no longer parent my 16 year old?
Can reactive depression turn or evolve into clinical depression?
Is there something I can read or watch that will help when I'm having a panic attack?
Do psychopaths get bored really easy since they can't feel fear or get much of an adrenaline rush? What do they do to keep themselves entertained?
Can an autistic person become a sociopath?
What symptoms does a person with Pellagra have?
What happens when you get diagnosed with anti-social personality disorder/psychopathy? What tests are involved, time length, etc.?
Is 'compulsive lying' a medical disorder?
What are the implications of psychotherapy?
Is looking in the mirror a lot at yourself a sign of bipolar mania? Is it just like narcissism, or is it both narcissism and mania?
How does an affected person define depression?
I have a powerful urge to jump off my balcony. I'm not suicidal but the urge is so powerful, that it makes me panic. What is wrong with me?
Is mental illness an actual physical illness, or is it merely abstract?
Is there an herb for hearing voices?
Can spirituality cause derealization?
How would a psychopath react to a killer clown with a machete walking up to him/her?
Why would someone admit to another that they have been diagnosed with NPD?
Do therapists look up your mental health chart?
Is there a thing as being too ugly to make friends?
Do you think psychopaths use Quora to refine their masks and if so why? If they allowed themselves free reign would law-abiding psychopaths kill?
Learning how to program is making me depressed, why?
Do female psychopaths exist?
Did the person who killed John Lennon have any mental illness?
What do psychopaths think about Adolf Hitler?
What I am supposed to say to a clinician if I think I'm in depression?
Is the way Christians relate to suffering different from the way in which people with other belief systems relate to suffering?
Whom do we call mentally retarded?
Should I see a therapist for occasional depression/grief and insecurity in relationships?
Why am I so addicted to procrastination?
Is it possible to develop psychopathic traits as a response to your environment?
Is there another difference between bipolar type 1 and type 2 besides the severity of the two disorders?
Is it possible that Hitler had PTSD?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
Would a lo- functioning psychopath murder you if you attempted to take revenge against them?
Are spiritual people more prone to depression?
How do games affect a child’s mental growth?
Why would one be so active, enthusiastic, overthink constantly, and be unable to sleep for more than 5 hours?
What is a sociopathic child like?
Does flat head affect mental ability?
I am depressed at school, what can I do?
Can narcissists (NPDs) feel affective empathy when they have accomplished their narcissistic supply?
How successful can one be in their recovery from schizophrenia if the person is unaware of their mental illness?
All of a sudden I've started feeling depressed. What should I do?
Why is being highly creative/intelligent often associated with mental illness?
What are the ways to overcome depression after failing consecutive exams even after working hard for it?
Who thinks that Alexis Ren has an eating disorder?
What not to say to a narcissist?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Who's worse than a psychopath?
What would happen if I stopped taking all my bipolar medicines?
Why do I get depressed when I get anxious about something? My fiancé will be on a different shift soon, right now I'm upset, but nothing has happened.
How can I prevent acute stress disorder?
If mental illness is a result of cerebral chemical imbalances, why aren't diagnoses done by neuroimaging conjuncted with psychological evaluation?
I'm 29 years old and feel the angriest I have ever been right now. What is the best thing for me to do?
If someone killed a person in a psychopath’s inner circle, would the psychopath kill them, if given the chance? Or would he simply let the authorities handle it?
Does anti-psychotic medication actually cure the problem, or does it just "mask " the illness to make a human seem "normal " in society's eyes?
Can I go to new psychiatrist if I've just filled a prescription, but am not happy with my old doctor's diagnosis?
What are the types of panic disorders?
Can people with NPD be cured or is there a treatment?
Do psychopaths understand irony?
How do you warn someone, who is a decent human being, that they’re involved with a narcissist?
What can I do from here? I'm not exactly depressed. How can I go about finding a spiritual path?
What is a psychopath with blindsight like?
Can we heal a depressed person with reiki?
Where can I find more information on a psychological therapy method called "rescue therapy"?
How would a psychopath with less of the wiring act?
Can I recover from a lifetime of abuse? I'm mostly a fun and happy person but have my walls up and can't grieve or react normally to stress /conflict.
How competitive are psychopaths?
Do psychopaths use pets as implements for their masks?
My father thinks my clinically diagnosed ADHD is fake and has been prohibiting me from getting medicine. What should I tell him?
What are my options if I can't afford a psychological evaluation?
What can I do to stop being a schizoid?
Can a person have both bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder at same time?
How can you convince your parents to get you diagnosed as a psychopath/sociopath?
Are the symptoms of bipolar caused from circumstances in life? E.g., is mania just a result of happy circumstances and depression from sad circumstances?
How can I cope with day and night bruxism due to anxiety and stress until I can see a doctor about it?
How do I deal with my depressed partner?
Are there any good psychotherapists in Delhi?
Is anime safe for people with depression?
Should I tell my parents that I smoke so they can support me in the quitting process?
How can those who have mental disorders understand spirituality?
Does someone on antidepressants behave like a mental person?
Why should I live if mental illness ruined my life?
How can I convince my parents I am not depressed or self harming?
Who in a narcissists life is his primary, secondary etc. supply sources?
In what way does a teenager suffering from depression act different from others?
Can you be suicidal but not depressed?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
How badly do people with BPD experience paranoia?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, should we help him do it, or should we try to change his mind?
Depression and anxiety has driven me to become extremely shy and dumb as well as the development of hyperhidrosis. What should I do?
Could I have mold poisoning without "allergy symptoms"? I have severe anxiety and brain fog and mildly elevated liver enzymes. How can I get tested?
What should a boy do if he is suffering from a mobile addiction?
How many people suffer from mild depression globally?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
Why do highly intelligent people often suffer from mental illnesses?
I suffer from BPD. I am so vindictive. How can I quit hurting other people?
What narcissistic trait do BDP men have?
Are mental disorders more than just behavior habits?
What's the difference between psychotic paranoia and true paranoia?
Would some jobs be forbidden for me if I would go to a therapist who might diagnose ASPD on me?
What percent of people who struggle with anxiety/depression as adults came from an abusive childhood, and why do you think that is?
What are the differences between having a very anxious-preoccupied attachment style and suffering from BPD?
How did you survive the emotional fallout from being manipulated by a malevolent sociopath?
Can OCD be treated with medication?
Without having a mental illness, what are other reasons a person might experience "voices"?
What's the most common symptom of manic episode?
Did Kierkegaard have obsessive compulsive disorder?
How we can reduce suicide while under depression?
Why can't I stop an obsession with someone, why won't my mind move on if I already have physically? Is this an uncontrollable mental illness?
What feeling do psychopaths have if someone is threatening to make them blind and cut both of their hands and both of their legs, and the threat is real?
How do I help a friend who is suicidal but terrified of therapists?
Can you tell me how mania, the mental illness, can kill you?
How do I get better grades in high school and stop being depressed about them?
How do therapists feel when it turns out the person they had committed to a mental hospital returns worse off than when they entered?
Can I become a therapist if I have social anxiety?
What are the chances of me getting bipolar disorder since my birth mom has it, and is there a way I can make my chances lower?
How do I approach or set up an appointment for bipolar disorder? I was diagnosed in 2013, but I never continued treatment.
Today, I found out that my 12-year-old sister started cutting herself off from my mom. How can I help my sister or be useful to her in some way?
Besides the obvious medications and therapy, what activities, supplements, decisions, etc. have helped you live a meaningful life despite having BPD?
Why are so many human beings mentally ill?
What are the stupidest reasons for commiting suicide?
Why hasn't my mother been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
Do people with bipolar disorder find that their creativity decreases or is lost due to the effects of psychiatric medication?
What are the common traits of people who have suffered from emotional trauma?
Are murderers with mental illnesses simply discharged?
What do I do when I'm ugly and want to commit suicide?
Does having unwanted suicidal thoughts put me in danger?
What is the worst thing that could come from intense anxiety?
Is Onision a psychopath?
How can I hide from others that I'm a psychopath?
Is the feeling I'm feeling depression or something else?
How can you beat depression without the help of others?
What is a temporomandibular disorder?
Is there any part of psychopathy that psychopaths would change? If they were reborn, would they choose to be a psychopath or neurotypical?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Which is the best way to quit psychodynamic psychotherapy?
Can people have to much stress to lead to a breaking point?
I am 17 and I have ADHD, and I am in an environment that doesn't believe in psychological problems, what do I do? Where do I go from here?
Why are narcissists untrustworthy?
From an atheist perspective, can we consider religious practices as a mental disorder?
Am I right to assume that all psychopaths are rich or at least not poor since they are master in manipulation and always get what they want?
What are the best therapy protocol to treat anxiety?
Is there any psychotherapist online for counselling? Who is the best?
How do I deal with my 26 year old brother that is immature but also suffers from intense depression?
Is It possible for someone whos been diagnosed with bipolar to also have NPD?
If someone told a therapist that they had been spoken to by god, how would they be diagnosed?
Is it possible to experience anxiety and depression if you are an atheist?
What are some strategies to have better resistance to mental abuse?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
How will they diagnose dissociative identity disorder professionally? Do they run any machines or do they just ask questions and provide surveys?
If you feel the need to see a professional in relation to your mental health, does that mean you don't really need the help to begin with?
I am so depressed at this moment. What should​ I do?
Do we have an online bipolar help?
Do psychopaths ever commit/consider suicide?
How does someone personally deal with a sleep-related eating disorder?
Can a T.B.I. cause schizophrenia or a psychosis?
Does a person suffering from NPD know that they have NPD?
Just how mentally ill do psychologists and therapists believe Trump to be?
How can I divert my attention from a life problem which causes depression?
How can I check to see if my mental health is good?
Is it possible to suffer from PTSD after being let go from a job, without warning, after 20 years?
How does it feel when some people demonize people who are diagnosed with NPD so cruelly?
How can an average person mentally change mind to improve himself?
Does anxiety always develop into depression?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
Are narcissists patient when targeting their victims?
What is the relationship between being a talented artist and depression?
How many different types of narcissism are there and what are they?
Was PTSD something that affected Vietnamese veterans?
How do I deal with my daughter who has narcissistic personality disorder?
Why does depression lead to doing more drugs?
Is it true that people suffering from personality disorders like psychopathy and narcissism have a high tolerance for physical pain?
Is grandiosity a symptom of psychosis?
What causes mental weakness?
Do covert narcissists really think THEY are the ones being subjected to toxic, gaslighting, crazy making people or do they know they are projecting?
Can I cure a derealization disorder by not thinking about the things that caused it?
Have you ever wished for depression? Why or why not?
Psychopaths and sociopaths, how did you react when you were first diagnosed with this "disorder" and what were your first thoughts on it?
What effect may a FTM transition have on my friend's anxiety, depression, and gender dysphoria?
How do you perceive people with BPD?
Why mental health matters to global health?
Is it possible that my OCD is getting worse even if my mood is getting a lot better?
Do high-functioning psychopaths understand rules and laws and understand why we follow them?
How can I help my partner understand my depression and anxiety?
If one hears sounds that aren't real and sees imaginary people, is he mentally ill or is he experiencing some supernatural powers?
How common is abuse in mental institutions?
I’m 15 and have severe trust issues. Should I talk to a teacher (who has recently been asking if something’s wrong) about my mom being mentally abusive towards me?
What would be safe to take for ADD, anxiety, focus and depression?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
How do you deal with suicidal people?
What is the best time table or daily routine for maintaining mental and physical health for a family person?
How can I work while being depressed?
How can we get longterm relief from depression without medication?
What is the best way to put a narcissist in his place?
How likely are schizophrenics to commit suicide?
How can people with borderline personality disorder handle the death of a loved one?
How long does euthymia last in bipolar disorder?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
How can you tell if a cat is mentally challenged?
What kind of therapy would you suggest when recovering from the trauma of a BPD/NPD relationship?
I'm 25 and I keep thinking about the past a lot. It makes me depressed. How do I put it to rest and move forward?
Can a person have both schizoid and avoidant personality disorder?
Are there any 'unreasonable' reasons for depression?
How come my mother displayed narcissistic behavior to my husband and not to other people?
What are my options for chronic pain that just won't go away using regular pain meds? It's making my depression and anxiety worse.
3 years ago, I ended an abusive relationship. At times, I still have PTSD symptoms. Is it normal, and will it ever go away on its own?
What would happen if everyone fell into a deep depression?
What does mental toughness help you with, or having a strong mentality? Are they the same thing?
How would someone self harm in the summer?
What is the most severe thing a bipolar/schizophrenic person has ever done to you?
What do people say who come out from depression?
How do you tell an NPD parent that they are NPD and still have a relationship?
What can I do to stop anxiety while driving?
Can you make yourself manic?
What do you think of Onision's video "10+ Signs You're A Psychopath"?
What are the ways to get out of stress and depression?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
Have you heard of a propofol pill used to help with trauma and PTSD from narcissistic abuse?
How can I tell if I am experiencing genuine kundalini or psychosis/schizophrenia?
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
Why do psychopaths stare so intently?
Is Sigmund Freuds' dream interpretation still relevant in modern psychology and determining causes for mental illness?
How do you handle stress when you have clinical anxiety?
What are ways to suppress depression, without taking drugs?
Why is my therapist sending me birthday messages with hugs and love instead of asking me why I terminated therapy abruptly?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
How do you prevent mental decompensation?
Can depression make someone a criminal?
How do I deal with anxiety without running from it?
Are Alzheimer’s, Parkinson's, and Cataracts preceded by serious mental confusion?
Would someone with the ability to vividly dream & remember most of it to the point it uses most of their actual life away be considered mentally ill?
How do I get one free psychotherapy session?
May is Mental Health Month, so why place a label on people? Why is there such a stigma?
Was Keith Moon ever diagnosed with mental illness?
What is the experience of people having undergone hypnotism for depression?
How do I write an appeal letter to get into the Army Reserves when failing on the medical for recurrent depression (very mild)?
Is there a rehabilitation center in B. M. Institute of Mental Health, Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Is it possible to make a psychopath angry and lash out?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
Can bipolar disorder be self diagnosed?
What is the best cure for 'Performance anxiety'?
How do people who suffer from borderline personality disorder and narcissism at the same time differ from people who suffer from borderline only?
Is it questionable to administer risperidone to non-psychotic patients?
How can we tell if a client is suffering from BPD rather than being extremely anxious-preoccupied?
How do I know whether my forgetfulness, restlessness and inability to pay attention is due to depression or ADHD?
I am 100% sure that I have ASPD, I want to go to a therapist but I don't want my mother to know, what should I do?
What are some hobbies that are both physically and mentally engaging?
Is there at least one atheist or agnostic psychotherapist, counselor, psychiatrist, or other mental health professional working in Nairobi?
Is anxiety linked to baldness?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, what is the best method to help him change his mind?
How successful would a matchmaking algorithm that would pair people up with similar mental characteristics and uniform choices?
What stops a narcissist carrying out a smear campaign?
Which books should I read to help get rid of panic attacks?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
Is Abbas Naderi a psychopath?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
Can you get over anxiety without medication?
Why do people want to be psychopaths? Or have any mental illness for that matter?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
What brought you to depression, can you talk about it and would you dare to share your story?
My parents are never going to accept the fact that I'm in severe depression who needs a treatment. What should I do?
Do we have any responsibility towards depressive people, and how do we fulfill this?
I'm depressed and no one will listen to me. What can I do?
What neurotypical behaviors are most puzzling to psychopaths?
Can someone with schizoaffective be originally misdiagnosed with boderline personality disorder?
What can I do if I'm trauma bonded with my ex-narcissist?
Is it possible for some psychopaths to have shallow empathy/remorse or is the underdevelopment of the amygdala an all or nothing situation?
Can an overly childish person who seemingly takes nothing seriously and enjoys the misfortune of others be a sociopath?
Why are so many people on Quora depressed?
How common is the feeling of guilt for someone who has bipolar disorder?
What are some tips to combat mental fatigue after long periods of focusing?
Can one catch schizophrenia from raising a kid with schizophrenia?
Does the television series “13 Reasons Why” glorify suicide?
What should you do if someone is having a nervous breakdown?
In Islam, life and death are in God's hands alone, then why are people able to commit suicide?
Why did Hannah commit suicide?
What are the cures for anxiety and depression?
What circumstances makes someone go to a mental health professional to then be diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
How long do people go see a psychiatrist?
I've been having some anxiety issues since last year though I don't think I need to consult a doctor for this. How can I get over this?
What is the difference between an INFP-T and an INFP-A that has bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or both?
What are ways to overcome anxiety in women?
How does it feel to fail AIPMT/NEET for the fourth time? I feel very depressed.
How can I overcome shaking anxiety when getting an eye exam, getting a hair cut, or taking pictures (by another person)?
What should I do to get rid of loneliness? How can I learn to control it mentally?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
Is numbness a sign of mania?
How can I control distractions which I encounter during depression or overloaded happiness?
How can one effectively (to an extent) emulate psychopathy?
Why are depressed people more realistic?
What shall I do if I feel depressed from being alone?
What kind of personality do you have to have to stay with a narcissist?
Does sleep affect mental health?
What can I do for someone who has depression?
Do I have Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
How can you start to rebuild your life (particularly around relationships) after a long period of depression?
Am I responsible for my depression?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
What is mental decompensation, and how do you deal with it?
Do I have anxiety disorder when I told my mom I was ill so I didn't have to go to school since I would've been late and I would be stared at in class?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
What is OCD and how to treat it?
In the UK, what is the legal/medical term for a high functioning psychopath or someone who has those traits?
How can one expose a likely malignant narcissist to authorities and other trained professionals when children are on the line?
How can anxiety make you feel weak?
What makes depression so scary?
Am I a psychopath if I have the actual urge to kill someone?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
What lifestyle changes should I make to cope with anxiety?
Why is mental illness criminalized?
Should I see a psychiatrist or someone else?
What is the most terrifying mental illness one could experience that they are still aware of, that isn't acute schizophrenia?
How can we eliminate the mental illness stigma?
Is this PTSD or self obsession? I am a survivor of CSA and can't stop the events and details of the abuse from playing in my head.
What would a psychopath’s "world" be like if he/she didn't have to conform to ours?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
Can poverty be related to psychological disorder? (In any possible way)?
Are there better medications for OCD on the horizon?
What is the difference between delusional disorders and psychosis due to drug abuse and sleep deprivation?
How should I enjoy the life if I have some mental disorders like autism?
Would a covert narcissist ever give up finding supply because he feels he ruins people's lives?
Is it possible to have BPD and bipolar disorder?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
Do separations in life affect the risk of developing schizophrenia?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
What are better treatments for anxiety that should be taken?
What will psychopaths do to someone who succeeded to make them blind, lose both of their hands and legs and let them live that way?
Are young people committing suicide in North America in higher numbers or are we just hearing about it more?
I suspect my girlfriend has BPD. I accidentally mentioned that I wanted a break up, but we didn't. She's ignoring me, now. What should I do?
There is a sense of depression and you don't know the reason behind it. What do you do?
How come a narcissist can't apologize or realize they are wrong?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Does the narcissist ever forgive?
Are there any mental diagnoses that require the victim to be held in an establishment?
What are some key differences between different severities of ADHD? Mild-moderate-severe?
What exactly is eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), and how likely is it to help with PTSD?
What is bipolar? How does it feel? Because I’m not sure if I suffer from it.
Why does it seem that mental health/personality disorders are on the rise?
Is it worth visiting a Jero Mangku healer on Bali and how does it work?
Does it feel to anyone else as if the treatment for bipolar is making you crazy?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
How do you deal with a partner who thinks your mental illness is something you do on purpose?
Why are some people content to remain isolated and unemployed over a long time, even though it makes them mentally ill?
Do some people commit suicide after their partner dies, especially if there is a gap in the relationship of 10-20 years plus or they cannot be without them?
Is OCD one of the worst mental diseases?
What does abandonment feel like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder, psychologically and physically?
While having a group conversation, why do some people fiddle and touch objects around them? Such as with napkins, cutlery etc. Is that social anxiety?
What is the difference between aspergers syndrome and generalized/social anxiety disorder?
Is hypochondria the same as GAD?
How do you, as a bipolar diagnosed, feel that the "disorder" is affecting relationships?
What does it feel like to lose a child due to an eating disorder?
My therapist asked me to get my own bedroom, personalize it, and take a photo of it and bring it to him. Is this professional behavior?
If love is our natural state of being, then why are people suffering from their own mental problems?
Could depression be rooted in lack of gratitude?
How do I reduce my anxiety?
Is being a counselor a viable career option for someone suffering depression or anxiety?
What should I do about my extreme social anxiety?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
What is the best way to spread the word to the world about narcissistic parents and about the mental & physical torture they bring towards children?
Are you a different person since depression?
How is the Japanese mentality different from the Chinese mentality?
How do I help my boyfriend with his mental illnesses?
How does a sleep-related eating disorder manifest?
What do psychopaths think about book Psychopath Bible?
How did transgender people survive the mental anguish in centuries past when no medical intervention was available?
What can you expect when starting medication for schizophrenia?
Can anxiety cause loss of sensation in hands?
Is someone with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to be abusive?
How does a psychologist make a differential diagnosis between NPD and OCPD? Considering the controlling nature of both disorders.
Does inactivation of the mGluR5 receptor in OCD patients help stop obsessions or only compulsions?
If a child was raised by parent(s) with a personality disorder, would the child mimic the behaviour of that disorder without having it themselves?
Is there a word for such severe depression that one is on the verge of suicide?
What if the Bible, creates mental illness?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
Why do SSRIs work on obsessions?
How can I explain to my mother that I'm suffering from misophonia?
Can lack of control of something in life lead to depression?
Is anxiety normal when switching from Sertraline to Escitalopram?
Is therapy helpful for most people?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
Can my therapist or psychiatrist be anybody?
How does it feel when you get out of depression?
I've been thinking about it and I still can't find a good reason for somebody to commit a suicide. Why do people turn to suicide in desperate moments?
Are sociopaths typically hotheaded?
Has burnout been classified as a medical condition or a mental illness? If not why not?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Do people with bipolar disorder dislike those who can't identify other people?
What should I do as a person who has depression and experiences heartbreak?
Are all psychopaths bullies?
If a person suffering from multiple personality syndrome developed Alzheimer's, do all the personalities exhibit the same level of impairment?
Do you know a story of a mentally weak/naive person who became strong?
What are examples of some common mental illnesses?
Why do I wish I was a psychopath?
Is it common for a therapist to visit mental health professionals themselves?
What is your opinion on labeling someone who has mental disabilities as retarded in a non derogatory way?
How bad can depression get if it doesn't go away, and I just ignore it?
How can I change my sister’s mentality?
Has internet made people smart or hopeless mental cripples?
How competitive are psychopaths?
Is there a relationship between depression and apologizing?
Is it possible to date someone with BPD and to not be always anxious of accidentally saying the wrong thing?
Why does BC have the highest number of hospital visits due to mental illness?
Psychopaths: how did your inner circle find out your diagnosis and how did they react?
After hearing about gory rape crimes, I constantly feel severely anxious about the safety of my loved ones. It’s affecting my daily life. How do I deal?
How do I help my suicidal and depressed brother?
Other than taking melatonin, how can I deal with extreme anxiety?
What is my best option when I am being mentally abused in India?
What are some good jobs that people with bipolar disorder can do?
Should I go to a therapist?
In what way does a teenager suffering from depression act different from others?
Everyday is a constant battle with depression and suicidal thoughts, I don't feel worthy of life. Should I end it?
What is a natural cure for paranoia?
Is there a link between bipolar and narcissistic disorder?
Is the bipolar test on the internet true?
Where are some groups for people with bipolar disorder?
I want do be put in psychiatric hold so someone will finally see I have a problem with depression and maybe bipolar 2. Should I do it? If so how?
What's the story behind Spoony's mental health issues?
What causes mild paranoid schizophrenia?
What is the name for the mental illness or depression that immigrants experience?
Is there a specific disability that causes people to develop headaches in crowds?
What happens to a person with dextrocardia disorder?
How do you get a depressed person to talk to you, especially if it's your mother-in-law?
Would it make sense to prescribe someone with mixed depression/anxiety a stimulant like amphetamine plus a non sedating anxyolitic such as buspirone?
My sister is the reason behind my depression and suicide attempts. What should I do?
What do I do about all of my anxiety?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
Can you get depressed after too much pressure?
Why do panic attacks keep coming back after years of nothing?
Is there a way to just be generally diagnosed with any mental illnesses I may have?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
How can I become intelligent and overcome dumbness or mental retardation (by birth)?
Can I smoke black and milds with schizoaffective disorder?
Is it possible for me to overcome severe depression caused by ragging?
Why does my wife incist on me having shaved genitals?
Does someone who constantly cleans his desk with Kleenex while talking to you suffer from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder?
What is the treatment for mild paranoid schizophrenia?
Can I study well if I am suffering from chickenpox?
Sometimes I feel that committing suicide and killing myself is the best solution to relax from poverty and misery. Why?
Is it possible to have BPD and bipolar disorder?
How do people with PTSD concentrate?
Why are so many human beings mentally ill?
Why is it so frequent that people with mental illnesses also have severe dental problems?
How do I overcome my depression as I am solving 562 despite deserving above 600 in NEET 2017?
If I'm a sociopath/narcissist, should I go to a therapist or psychiatrist?
Why do I want to have a mental/personality disorder?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
How do I cram 2 days before finals and not have panic attacks?
Can shadow work or working with the shadow self help cure intrusive thoughts?
How do I know if I have Asperger's syndrome or social anxiety disorder?
Can depression (or other mental illnesses) cause your body to function differently (e.g., how tall you grow, your metabolism, how your cells work)?
Why does Graves' disease cause anxiety?
Have you ever tried to commit suicide, and why?
Does being in a mental hospital benefit the patient?
Why did humans develop mentally more than physically?
Why do some people say "greazy" rather than "greasy"? Are they mentally ill?
I just realised that most of the time of my life I have this weird breathing problem but without being concerned about it. What is this disorder?
Was Manson psychotic or possessed?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Why am I stressed when there's nothing to be stressed about?
What's the difference between not throwing your drink can because of social anxiety and holding in your pee during a lecture?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
Have you ever had a problem that just refused to go away?
What are some good books on schizoid disorder?
How should I tackle terrible social anxiety in university?
Does seal clubbing increase your mental health?
How have you managed the mental trauma of being put under Performance Improvement Programme in office?
How do I forget my depression?
What are some things that psychopaths know they are better at than an NT is?
What are people depressed about?
How effective is SAM-e for treating anxiety?
When does someone start getting anxiety problems? I'm writing a story where the main character is keeping something huge from everyone for 2 months.
How long will it take until people with mental illnesses are treated like regular humans?
How does someone personally deal with a sleep-related eating disorder?
Will a sociopath act on threats if you provoke them?
How do you think would an ENTP-A and a Narcisst/Sociopath/Psychopath get along?
Is there any good reason to stop using Ecstasy/MDMA?
How do I deal with a relationship when the other person has no compassion for me and my depression?
Are there people who have successfully come out of depression (or are in process of doing so)?
I feel like I'm losing my mind. Does one know when they are on the verge of insanity?
How are you clinically diagnosed with a mental illness?
Should I do a degree in university if one thought of it makes me depressed?
What are some jobs for mental health counselors that are not in health care?
What are some ways to tell whether someone has mental health issues?
My unemployed dad (former-alcoholic) tries to commit suicide and my mom has anxiety disorder. What can I do in this torturing family?
Is it common to not feel loved by a borderline type?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
Is there any truth to the statement that Psychopaths are incapable of love?
Is it fair to ask suicidal people to carry on living?
Does being on the methadone program cause depression?
How was the LGBT movement converted into a byproduct of genetics, and not a symptom of mental illness?
What are the side effects of being with a person who has bipolar disorder?
How do I differentiate between panic attack and a heart problem?
Why do people throw around terms like "sociopath" and "psychopath" without knowing what they truly mean?
How do I know that I need medical attention for depression? What are the general symptoms?
What can I do for my ex who is depressed?
If one has dissociative identity disorder, how can she stop switching her personality?
Can OCD change form during life?
What are some stories where people have failed multiple times, due to the instability of their minds?
What are the ways to curb social illness (in general)?
Can bipolar I disorder comorbid with bipolar II disorder?
Are there any known people who could be sociopaths (not psychopaths)?
If the stigma around psychopathy was erased, would psychopaths stop wearing the mask?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
What does being in a depression feel like? I feel like I am depressed.
When should one take meds for mental disorder?
Have you ever thought that mental illness doesn't exist?
What's the point of living if my depression and anxiety are never going to get better? I'm not contributing to society nor am I really enjoying life.
Why do my psychiatric symptoms appear only after noon?
Should I go to a therapist and how can I tell my parents?
How do I know if it’s depression or bipolar issues?
Could autism and some other mental health issues be the next stage in evolution?
What are the secret ingredients to building mental strength?
Does unpredictability create disorder, or does disorder create unpredictability (disorder as in entropy)?
Do you think that Dr. Amit Gupta is mentally disturbed these days?
What is a functional movement disorder?
How do I become a better person for others and for my own mental health?
What causes bipolar?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
My parents don't believe I'm depressed. What do I do?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both ADHD and a mood disorder?
Has suffering from depression changed?
How can I cure a dissociative disorder?
Is it bad that I treat my social anxiety as a human being to help cope with it?
What is it like to have dysthymic depression and borderline personality disorder?
Trump has worsen my mental illnesses, can I sue him?
Is there any good reason to stop taking ecstasy/MDMA?
What's teen life like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder?
If you had to pick someone with a mental disorder to become your significant other, what disorder would it be?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
Why is it more acceptable to be a psychopath than a schizophrenic?
Does social anxiety make you want to die?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
How did you discover that your crazy partner may have borderline personality disorder?
Can getting raped and molested as a child cause bipolar disorder later in life?
Is psychosis, paranoia and persecutory delusions more common among bipolar I or bipolar II?
I am suffering from general anxiety disorder. I am always worried that something terrible is going to happen to me. How can I cure that?
How should I tell my parents I have anxiety?
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Why do mentally ill people use the illness as an excuse?
How common is it for someone with bipolar disorder to have psychosis and paranoia?
Why do psychopaths stare so intently?
I'm afraid that someone or something may distract me. It has been developed very much. How uncommon is this phobia? How exactly can this be treated?
Is there anyone with schizoaffective disorder and likes being social?
How can I overcome my approach to anxiety and make my brain think faster when starting a conversation?
Sometimes when I'm really tired I have insane focus. Why is that?
How do I deal with anxiety without running from it?
Are there any consequences to having mental illness diagnoses in your medical records?
Is it known what gene(s) could be implicated in antisocial personality disorder and similar disorders?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
Should I go to school when my anxiety has flared up?
What's the difference between paranoia and persecutory delusions?
Is there any rehabilitation center in Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Is depersonalization and derealization a type of psychosis?
How common is paranoid bipolar disorder?
What does it mean to live with a mental illness?
Do psychopaths like people who have ASPD?
I was told that having "fur-babies" or pets as replacement for having children should be considered a mental disorder. What is your opinion on this?
What is responsible for obsessions in OCD?
What is it like to have schizophrenia and PTSD at the same time? Is it even possible?
What’s the threshold from having high psychopathic traits, to being "labelled" a psychopath? Is there a gauge?
How do you know if you are scaring someone if you have a mental illness?
Do you ever really get out of depression and being suicidal and self harming if you don't go to a doctor?
Does being underweight and not being hungry have anything to do with an eating disorder? Do I have an eating disorder?
Can I sue someone for saying I have mental illness and using illegal drugs when I don't and have proof?
Is memory loss common for people who have bipolar disorder in the manic phase?
What shoud I do to get my degree? It'll take 7 years to have it due to mental illness (schizophrenia). How can I be smarter or disciplined to obtain it?
Can crazy people ever become sane again?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
Do you tend to feel miserable with having schizoaffective disorder?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
Is hypnotherapy an effective method of dealing with dissociative disorder?
How does a psychopath behave if s/he doesn't care to wear a mask around people?
Can we drop the idea of psychopath as an identity or label?
What should a patient with autonomic disorders and anxiety disorders do?
Are criminally insane and mentally ill people (who haven't committed an offence) sent to the same hospitals?
Do I have some bits of autism?
What would you say is the worst thing about being a sociopath/psychopath?
Who is coping with a mental disorder? How old are you? What is it and how do you cope?
What are good free resources to help someone with borderline personality disorder? And how do you get someone with BPD to get help?
What are the risks of having anxiety and numbness in my face?
Has violence against people with mental illness increased recently in America?
Why is it so difficult to tell someone you think you have depression and/or an eating disorder?
Can a person with split personalities have different mental disorders and abilities in each personality?
How can I move from a mental health job to a corporate job?
How do I help my sibling find success, deal with 6 years of depression and stop his suicidal thoughts due to a low undergrad GPA?
Why don't mentally healthy people have mercy towards people who have mental illnesses?
Can I be denied mental health services in jail?
If, starting at 12 years, a child is told throughout their adolescence that they have depression, will they eventually have clinical depression?
For people who have suffered suicidal thoughts and overcame it, how did you know and when did you know that war ended at last?
Are there any realistic TV shows that take place in psychiatric hospitals? If not, why so?
Who are some good psychiatrists, psychologists or mental doctors in Pune?
A man with depression breaks up with you. What do you do?
How does depression in a spouse lead to divorce?
According to some studies, people with bipolar disorder have increased empathic concern. If so, do bipolar narcissists have more empathic abilities?
How can I treat anxiety and numbness in my face?
What should you do if someone is having a nervous breakdown?
People with BPD see in black or white. Is there a disorder where someone can only see in the gray area?
Why does a person get depressed?
I prefer solitude but at the same time being lonely makes me depressed. Social interaction makes me loose focus on my goals. What should I choose?
Is borderline/narcissist silent treatment harder to endure for people with OCD?
What are the difference between ASD, ADHD, ADD, OCD and ADHS?
What are the dangers of treating schizophrenia without medication?
Do you always have a feeling of dread for no particular reason? Is this another symptom of anxiety?
Why do my eyes water when I'm nervous?
Why would someone smoke to commit suicide?
How do I tell if I have depression?
In substance abuse disorders, what is the illness and what is treated? Why do the majority relapse?
As a psychopath/sociopath, if an emotion in your limited emotional range were to get erased, which one would you miss the most?
What are some good jobs or careers for people with severe sleep disorders?
Are weird thoughts caused by anxiety and depression?
What are the pros and cons of taking anxiety medications?
What is a psychopath in simple terms?
Is it bad if I hold back urges to yell out of frustration?
Am I responsible for my depression?
What clinical evidence is there (if any) linking dehydration and depression?
How do I protect my Mental Health from the trump administration?
Why do some Asian people not believe in mental illnesses?
For someone who is 19 years of age and suffers from Bruxism, is it still possible to repair the damage using natural methods?
I am terrified of living. I live in constant dread, fear, anxiety and depression. What can I do?
I was sexually abused as a child. Has this affected me in ways I am not aware of?
Should I see a psychiatrist or someone else?
How does BPD work for socializing, and how can you be in love with someone with BPD?
Is there a correlation between MBTI type and mental illness (ENFP and ADHD primarily)?
How much should you rest in a day?
How can I live without depression?
How do I know when my introversion has turned into a social anxiety disorder?
How do I cope up with the stress from JEE prepartion?
What does it feel like to be poor and psychopath?
Can getting made fun of too much cause mental illness?
How do I change my sister's mentality?
Is schizophrenia a mental disability or a mental illness?
I was wondering if I may be considered to have OCD?
Self pity seems a self defeating behavior. How can someone be encouraged to break free of it? Thinking mainly of people with personality disorders.
Why do people stigmatize mental illnesses?
Is a person with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to have abusive tendencies towards a partner?
Is it a sign of depression to become critical if I'm on a completely different medication than I thought I was? I had to look it up to verify it.
How does a sociopath react when you move on?
How can you treat/cure a specific case of depression?
How can you convince your mom that your brother has depression?
If you have a mental illness, how do you train your mind to be tough?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
Is having to always be with someone, a sign of BPD?
Do sociopaths or psychopaths choose special persons they want to be with/manipulate?
Is there a personality disorder linked to someone who doesn't believe in romantic love?
Why don't women ask men out?
How do I tell my mom I have PTSD?
What would be the best way to go about getting diagnosed?
Are tactile hallucinations ghosts?
Can mild paranoid schizophrenia be prevented, why or why not?
How can I convince my mom to get help for her mental illness?
Why is depression sometimes sexually appealling?
Would a female psychopath be more likely to be murdered by an abusive male due to her lack of fear?
Are there some people that therapy cannot help/ some mental illnesses that cannot be eliminated?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
If you have Bipolar Disorder and your thyroid is off, could that trigger a manic episode?
Is racism a psychological disorder?
Is it offensive to say someone is "a little bit OCD" or "bipolar" or "ADD" or "schizo" or "psycho" if the person doesn't really have these disorders?
If people are so worried about me committing suicide, why aren't they doing anything?
How can I cure low sperm count due to stress, anxiety and depression?
Have you ever discovered someone was a sociopath? If so, what gave them away?
Is there a difference between INFJ disembodiment and depersonalization?
Could it be that the recurrent psychological abuse from relatives (not parents but other relatives) causes sociopathic tendencies?
How do I continue living without telling anyone about my depression and suicidal thoughts?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths usually become killers?
I often feel depressed thinking about the future. Knowing that people I am close with will be gone (ex. deceased, moved, etc.). Is this normal?
Lithium for bipolar keeps manias under control. Does it also prevent the spiral down into suicidal depression?
Can I develop OCD because I researched it too much?
How do I face reality and quit imagining fantasy and impossible scenarios?
How can I stop being anxious while studying?
What is the quickest and easiest way to commit suicide?
What were the 18 psychological disorders as mentioned by agastya?
What is adjustment disorder with anxiety and depression?
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
Should I feel depressed about graduating?
How can a therapist deal and solve weird and uncommon phobias that are extremely severe?
Is there any depressed person who wants us to support each other through tough times and recovery?
I'm being diagnosed for anxiety and depression. Is it okay to skip the course once in a while?
How do I overcome anxiety as a teen?
What happens when a person with HPD/BPD is told what they are? It does not seem as if they realize that their behavior is abnormal, annoying and often disgusting.
How should one treat a residual schizophrenic?
What is some advice about helping my PTSD diagnosed husband?
Is there a difference between heart break and depression?
Can a non violent person be provoked to commit a violent assault if they suffered years of physical and mental abuse?
How do I cope up with my studies after a long psychiatric medicated treatment (2 years)?
Why do you get depression despite coming from an affluent family and having all the luxuries, the love and affection of everyone, and a good income?
Why are SSRIs so effective in treating OCD?
If I want to die, does that mean I am depressed?
Do people with schizoaffective disorder think about killing people?
How long did it take you to get over your depression and become happy again?
Do people fall into a bell curve of psychopathy: psychopaths as typically described at one end and people empathetic to a fault at the other end?
Why is mental health such an ignored topic in Indian society?
Do people act crazy to stay sane?
Will a borderline person also diagnosed with fibromyalgia ever be happy in life?
Why are there so many references to psychopaths on Quora?
What is mental healthcare like in Qatar?
What are some celebrities with multiple personality disorder?
I’m going through depression. I have really mean classmates. I feel suicidal. No one gets how I feel. How to I stop this from affecting my studies?
What will you tell someone who is going to commit suicide?
If a child was not abused, what else causes a narcissistic personality disorder?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
For those with schizoaffective disorder, do you genuinely feel love for anything?
I’m a dad who only has custody every other weekend. How can I help my 9-month-old child cope with stranger anxiety towards me?
How do I increase my mental strength to keep on going even when the night is the darkest?
After losing a parent, why can’t I feel anything at all, when I know I should be in pain?
Is it bad to always fantasize about a new life when I am too depressed?
How do I bring up self-harm in therapy?
How do you mentally prepare yourself two days before a major examination?
How can I deal with OCD, ADD, and bipolar disorder?
I have a lot of anxiety over presentations and social interaction. How can I overcome this?
How can I be sure I am seeing the right therapist?
When I'm depressed I find it difficult to think through complex issues and to inhibit negative thoughts, how do I remedy this?
Have PTSD sufferers ever called the police thinking they were in danger when there was none? Are there legal consequences?
Why does nicotine cause anxiety?
What to do when we are so depressed by a problem that we cannot fix for a long time up to a point that we want to commit suicide?
How can anyone come out from mental harassment?
If doctors were diagnosed with their specialty, how would they want to be treated physically, emotionally, and mentally?
What's the cheapest, easiest and best way to commit suicide? Don't give me suicide prevention stuff.
What's the difference between social anxiety and being nervous around people?
When does the heartbeat of psychotic people get faster?
Does Sadhguru suffer or has he suffered from PTSD?
How can I get over reading about OCD?
How long does depression last. Does it end or you learn to live with it?
What is the best doTERRA oil for treating anxiety?
If a small child was molested, would he develop a mental illness?
Can anxiety worsen periods?
Now that we know what Trump will do as President of the United States, at what point will enough be enough? He is a cheat, liar and mentally unstable!
Can a person fake himself as a schizophrenia patient?
Why do people think that rain causes depression?
I've been on the same meds for 20 years. I want off. Will my general practitioners help me get away from a psychiatrist and the meds?
Can I live a good, meaningful life without meditating?
Is there a difference between a psychopath's and a sociopath's stare, and if so, how do they differ?
How do I reduce anxiety in exams?
How can you overcome and/or thrive while having Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
How can I keep nicotine from causing me anxiety?
How does it feel to have bipolar disorder along with borderline personality disorder?
What questions do you have for people who self-harm?
Why do people suffer from anxiety mostly at night?
Why aren't there more depressed people around? What is it in life that keeps so many people going?
Why does codeine cause anxiety?
I think I have avoidant personality disorder, should I bring this up with my therapist?
What is a way of getting more and more depressed?
How can I endure all my depressing feelings?
What is the best advice you can give to future mental health counselors to be effective in their work? What skills do I need to stand out to clients?
How do I help my husband who is suffering from depression?
How do you get someone oblivious to their mental illness to get help?
What are some things to reflect on or think of that will help cope with thoughts of suicide?
Do we all use similar mental pictures when we reason about mathemetical structure? How do our mental models differ?
I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
Is it possible that my OCD is causing me to obsess about people from my past?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, what are your symptoms besides hallucinations?
How do I deal with panic attacks? I am looking for something which helps permanently and not temporarily. Is there a permanent solution to stop having them?
Is having a quiet voice caused by internal fear / anxiety?
Why do people suffering from anxiety fear they have gone crazy and are just hallucinating their whole life?
What would your life be like if you suddenly no longer had BPD?
What should be done in case if a person is fighting depression and can not consult a psychiatrist?
Do insects have mental illness like humans?
How is meditation viewed in religion?
If POTUS were to be effectively incapacitated by a mental condition, such as senile dementia, how would the government administration deal with this?
Do some people fake mental disorder like having NPD or being a psychopath?
Are there any anxiety/depression support groups in Chennai?
What topic should I choose for my final essay about mental disorders?
Is being mentally strong a choice?
How often is someone misdiagnosed with bipolar II instead of severe depression with anxiety? (This is what I think has happened to me.)
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about those who commit suicide?
What are people’s experiences with recovering from overtraining syndrome?
I'm in a relationship with someone who is suicidal and depressed, but I want a breakup. What do I say?
Is it better to not share your depression or get diagnosed for depression?
When people say mentally and physically, can't you just say physically?
How can panic be differentiated from depression?
Are mindfulness and heart rate coherence related?
How do I know if books about personality disorders are not just trash?
Are there people who can't see any color? Why? Does it affect anything (emotionally, physically, or mentally)?
What are restraints used in mental health institutions?
Is there any illness that causes one to steal money always?
If a natural born psychopath is raised in an environment primed for social anxiety, will any develop?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
Does weed make a mental illness worse?
How many hours a day should one be involved in a mentally engaging activity to keep their mind from stagnating?
Do these traits suggest antisocial personality disorder or another Cluster B disorder?
I’ve been depressed for years and my parents are not taking me seriously. What should I do?
Are impressed and depressed related in anyway?
What I have to do for get rid of stress and depression?
How likely are schizophrenics and others who have an auditory hallucination to commit suicide, statistically?
Why do people with BPD often feel the need to overshare?
What is a possible way out of a mental prison regardless of the issue?
What is it like to have depression and anxiety (by the definition in the psychology field)?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about suicide?
How can someone with borderline personality disorder start to make close friendships?
If a man was born mentally normal but stressful and traumatic events changed him, can he change back? If so, how?
What are some of the best research papers into the effects of cannabis use on the mental health of adolescents?
What do you call the rare mental disorder where you are extremely impressionable and can develop something from researching/thinking too much?
What are some good books about ASPD?
As a therapist, has a patient ever straight up lied to you?
I'm a "high" functioning BPD middle aged man. Is there anyone of any disorder that will functionally have a relationship with me?
Do psychopaths feel competent?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
Are psychiatrists really aware of how detrimental the side effects of antidepressants are?
How do I overcome depression after a bad performance in NEET?
How is mental repression explained in psychology?
Are there any success cases of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)?
Why are psychopaths attracted to careers in mental health?
What is a hallucination and does it really happen?
If the abuse wasn't that bad, could it still cause BPD?
Can weed trigger anxiety problems that would last for months?
Why are most Indians so ignorant about the mental health of their friends and families?
When you are very anxious, what should you do?
How do I get rid of the sensation of my head spinning? It’s been happening for 1 week because of anxiety.
How do I fight PMS-related depression? I also suffer from hypothyroidism which causes frequent bouts of depression.
What is the cause of the mental depression that the world is going through?
Can I sue a psychiatrist who prescribed me antidepressants without telling me about the detrimental side effects?
How can one become a monk? Is it the displeasure for worldliness or is it simply another phase of depression that leads one to think that way?
Why does my mom self-diagnose herself with OCD?
Are people with borderline disorder delusional, or do they often misinterpret what is being said and what is actually meant by that?
What are the symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder after being discarded by my narcissistic girlfriend?
What else can cause BPD besides childhood trauma?
Will antipsychotics "help" my anorexia?
Why do I get sudden rushes of adrenaline?
How do other people really look at mentally ill people?
I’m 15. I have anxiety and depression. My parents think I'm a happy kid who does not get sad ever. I have almost no friends. What do I do?
What should a complete session with a good therapist cost in Delhi?
How do I deal with the depression of a bad exam?
How do you cope with early depression killing your dreams because even when recovering, it will often leave you detached and less energetic for life?
Do some people without mental illnesses feel that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Are psychopaths parasites? Do they need victims to survive?
As a senior, what is the best strategy to maximize my mental acuity?
What are different ways to commit suicide?
Is the serotonin hypothesis about OCD the strongest one?
Is there a link between an avoidant personality disorder and constant daydreaming?
Is thinking of committing suicide normal? How bad is it, and how does one overcome it and stop it?
Has anyone ever scored the maximum points on a depression test?
I’m 24 and really want to die because of manic depression and social and normal anxiety. What should I do?
I am getting very depressed about the events happening in my life. What are some ways to get out from depression?
When is supervised visitation required for some psychiatric patients?
I’m a doctor​ with no certification. I’m doing my own therapy for musculoskeletal problems. I need certification for my therapy. How can I get it?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
What is it like to suffer from depression?
Is there any quick cure for anxiety?
What is the best way you or someone you know has found to manage your anxiety without medication?
Can a person that has bipolar illness and borderline personality disorder ever have a successful relationship?
Why are mental health services so sexist towards both genders, e.g. women get told it's 'just hormones', and men don’t get taken seriously?
Do psychopaths tend to blame other people for their own mistakes?
How common is it for abusive parents to have their children misdiagnosed with mental illnesses as a method of avoiding responsibility?
Why aren’t churches mental-disability friendly?
Why are many school shooters labeled as psychopaths/sociopaths?
How are female psychopaths/sociopaths on their period?
Is fantasizing regularly about killing people, and how you would kill them, a sign of mental illness?
What is the psychological reason for anxiety caused by unread text messages?
Is it my fault that I was born with a mental illness?
What is teen depression and its possible causes?
Is it possible to be a psychopath and have schizoaffective disorder?
Has anyone moved because you found yourself clashing with the culture of your city, and it made you feel depressed?
Should I say “I'm gay” to the psychologist that I go to if I don’t want my mum to know that I am?
What should be done for a person who is suffering from bipolar disorder? They are in a kind of extreme stage of depression.
Can someone recover from BPD?
What do psychopaths think of the child of rage, Beth Thomas' 'recovery from psychopathy'?
I can't eat when I'm anxious. It's really weird because I feel a chocking sensation and feel very tight inside my throat. Is that normal?
Are people with mental disorders more attracted to other people who also have a mental disorder?
What are the usual causes to mental health problems that professional footballers have?
I find it difficult to speak about anything when I see my counsellor. How can I overcomes this besides coming off medication?
I’m drowning from social anxiety. What should I do?
Could stimulation from sex help someone with anxiety?
Can frequent headaches be a symptom of bipolar disorder? If so, then how?
What are some ways to relieve depression?
I want to kill someone. How do I control myself?
Is it common in unipolar depression for the person to feel better during the evenings and nights and worse in the mornings and most of the day?
Scientifically, can a person suffer from boredom?
How many people suffer from tick borne Alpha-Gal in the USA?
Can praying to the devil make you schizophrenic if you ask him to make you schizophrenic?
My dog died last night and now I’m depressed, what can I do?
What was Nietzsche's mental disorder preceding his death?
Can a psychopath feel irritability or something when they don’t get enough sleep?
Is necrophilia a mental disorder?
How do I tell my boss I have depression and anxiety and will need time off to go to therapy appointments?
What are some symptoms of a person with Paranoid personality disorder?
Is it just depression if you have absolutely no will to live?
What is known as the study of emotions?
Is anyone in Pakistan living with severe social anxiety disorder?
What causes panic attacks and depression in mid-relationship crisis?
Why are depressed people shunned?
Are psychiatrists really aware of what goes on inside a patient’s brain who is on antidepressants?
Why do I "get depressed" when I'm alone?
My parents abused me to the point of wanting to commit suicide and murder. Now that I have money should I share my wealth?
How do I deal with being diagnosed with schizophreniform disorder?
How does self-harming start?
How can I talk my depressed girlfriend into getting help?
Can the voices that a schizophrenic hears be friendly or are they always harsh?
Why do people glamorize depression?
Does everyone feel depressed at some point in their lives and does it ever go away?
Do only depressed people think of committing suicide?
Why do BPD's or NPD's refuse to call you their girlfriend?
How can you manage intense anxiety when you cannot stop the forces causing it?
Is it homophobic to say that homosexuality isn't innate but rather a psychological disorder which in many cases, is curable?
Can a psychopath be friends with someone who is super sensitive?
Do psychopaths enjoy lying for the thrill?
Do people with BPD regret their anger?
Can a mentally ill person file for asylum?
What specific gene is involved in psychopathy?
Does prenatal depression affect the baby?
Solipsism is giving me anxiety and depression for months. What do I do?
How do people know about and get the latest and greatest legal pharmaceuticals and supplements for mental and physical health?
What types of neighborhoods should I avoid in Atlanta?
Do psychopaths like seeing gory websites?
My mom wants me committed to a psych ward for attempting suicide. How do I convince her not to put me in a psych ward?
Does anyone else feel anxious when your cellphone rings?
What are some of the more unusual ways people have committed suicide?
How can I be ok with letting someone in?
What can I do about my extreme anxiety and panic attacks? I just lay in bed like a stress ball all day!
I feel severely depressed, what can I do?
Do psychopaths let people walk over them because they don't care enough to do anything about it?
Can a psychopath have depression induced by substance abuse or addiction?
What are your quick personal strategies when you feel depressed in the middle of the vicious cycle of negative thoughts?
Is there any real hope that a female sociopath can change if they admit their ways and are sorrowful?
What is myeloproliferative disorder?
Is mental ability also a part of BITSAT?
Why doesn't the mental health system work?
Can someone with a personality disorder be insane too or become insane?
Does it mean that you were a low-functioning psychopath when you behaved impulsively and ruthlessly as a teenager?
How are female hormones linked to social anxiety?
What can I do to get over my anxiety of flying and have a safe, comfortable flight?
Which is better for anxiety - allopathy, Ayurveda, or homeopathy? I am suffering from anxiety, but I don't want to take tablets that will control my thoughts.
Has anyone dealt with a narcissistic personality? How did you recover? Do we ever recover?
What are some experiences of a person living with bipolar disorder?
How do I know if I'm an introvert or just extremely depressed?
Why do I miss being depressed?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Are there differences in someone being bipolar and someone having BPD, and if so, what are they?
Does masturbation cause hair loss and mental fatigue? If yes, then how do I get rid of this?
How can you help someone else with their PTSD flashback?
What are the physical and mental consequences for abusing painkillers?
If your favorite singer turned out to be a pervert psychopath, would you still listen to his works?
What happens to one’s body if it gets too little sleep (too few hours) for a longer time frame?
How do I monitor the biochemical markers that give rise to my anxiety?
What advice would you give a 200lb woman struggling with chronic depression and eating disorder?
How can I train my parasympathetic nervous system?
Do sleeping for 16 hours can cause health or mental problem?
How do I recover from big hetination?
How do I stop being a jerk when I am depressed?
Do people who suffer from PTSD also suffer from paranoia?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
Is it normal to debate yourself in the head? For example, I list the pros and cons of a situation and decide.
What is the best way to support a loved one who is showing signs of mental illness?
Why do many students suffer from mathematics phobia?
What are the best things to do to keep your brain sharp?
My mom thinks that diet and exercise will prevent a psychotic episode. She thinks a lot is in my control. I have schizophreniform. What do you think?
When a psychologist develops a mental disorder, do they give therapy to themselves?
How can I meet someone with a dissociative identity disorder?
How many people would commit suicide if it could be accomplished legally and painlessly?
Is spring anxiety (seasonal anxiety) a thing?
Is Mark David Chapman still mentally ill?
How would you deal with living with a depressed, suffering flat mate who does not engage in social norms?
How do I know if someone is bipolar?
Which zodiac signs are likely to be psychopaths and sociopaths?
How do I deal with my depression caused by my exam results?
Can you get a panic attack over a relationship?
Why are mental and emotional health important?
What drugs can make someone mentally ill?
What are the things that you can do to improve yourself physically and mentally?
What are psychopaths’ interests?
How long did it take you to really "see" all the symptoms and behaviors of your mental health diagnosis?
Could bipolar disorder and GAD cause one’s personality type to alternate between ENTP and ENFP?
How many hours of sleep is necessary if you are suffering from atypical depression?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
What are some supplements in Singapore that can help with anxiety and depression?
Do you know people who suffer from the so-called "God complex"?
Can sexual assault cause someone to become a psychopath?
How does a person get physically and mentally stronger?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Bangalore for a schizophrenic patient?
How psychological illness causes obesity?
What are some tips for making myself mentally strong?
How does Dissociative Identity Disorder work? Are the symptoms there for all alters all the time, or are there episodes of the different alters?
I just lost my job, my mom is dead, I've been going through mental problems. What should I do?
How do I become mentally strong to increase my memory power?
What happens if you steal from a psychopath?
Did Aaron Rodriguez really turn religious, depressed and suicidal, without anyone noticing it, right up until his death?
Do atheists ever feel frustrated and depressed because nobody pays any attention at all to their no-evidence argument?
Should I go school camping when I am going through depression?
Can a person who can make eye contact have social anxiety?
How do you stay mentally strong around negative people?
How would a child's development be impacted if they encountered severe PTSD at the age of 3?
Do psychopaths have an innate desire to breed? Do they lust? Do psychopaths enjoy watching pornography? What are the sexual lives of psychopaths like?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
What percentage of bipolar people are helped through medication?
Given that children change throughout the maturing process, can we see if a child will develop into a full-blown narcissist adult?
What is the reality of depression?
I feel really angry at all times. What should I do?
What should I do to stop being suicidal and depressed all the time?
How can I stay mentally prepared for a mental test without getting tired?
Is stress good for students? How do you cope with it effectively?
What would be your advice for a third year law student who is currently single, broke, introverted and depressed?
How do you leave someone with BPD?
Would a psychopath make a good model?
Might a person with BPD fake hallucinations and psychosis to get what they want (love, attention, or forgiveness)?
What are the risks of exaggerating bisexuality in oneself as a form of exposure therapy?
Are there any bipolar disorder sufferers who underwent psychoanalysis or psychodynamic therapy and, if so, what is your experience?
Can a narc take medication or go to therapy to help with their personality disorder?
Do introverts mostly suffer from IBS and other stomach disorders?
Do people with BPD realize when they are emotionally manipulating their partner?
Are depression and other mental illnesses congenital?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
What does compulsive mean?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
What do you think about starting to go to a psychiatrist or psychologist if I feel like I'm having some serious problems with my mental health?
I've been having a serious 7 week depression phase, I've told my psych that I'm suicidal & cutting, but they dont take it seriously. What do I do?
Are people with BPD dangerous?
What do psychopaths think of the Wikipedia article on psychopathy?
Why do psychopaths go to therapy?
Can one experience auditory hallucinations in the throes of high anxiety?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
How do I get over anxiety and increase my confidence about driving?
I'm always anxious when taking notes. What should I do?
My father is schizophrenic, what will happen to me?
I'm in a good place - how do I stop letting my depression take over?
Can someone be so traumatized that no therapist is able to help them?
What would a psychopath do if someone is turning people against them using the Internet?
How do you know if you are raising a sociopath?
I'm sure I used to suffer from OCD when I was a child. How do I tell my parents this?
I've been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder, what are some food diets that can help me overcome my illness?
Has grading in education affected your mental health?
What are the characteristics of mental repression?
My crush ran away after sex and I've lost confidence in myself. How do I regain it?
Is it better to be physically safe or mentally safe?
What would happen to a person's physical and mental state if they were buried alive in a coffin for several days?
Can I go to a psychiatrist without parental consent?
Can anxiety be traumatizing?
What are mental health problems? People say they are illnesses, but aren't there happy people with mental health issues?
Why does psychotic depression make you not think right and blame others?
What medications cause hallucinations?
What would a person's psychological effects be if he was stuck in time permanently?
Do I have a mental problem?
How do I get a girlfriend when I'm depressed?
How do I overcome contact contamination OCD?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
Is it possible for your brain to ever be quiet?
Have you visited a psychiatric ward/hospital? If yes, how does it change your perception of people who has mental/personality disorder?
What's the best way of bootstrapping when you're really depressed?
Are SSRIs more effective for OCD rather than depression?
What could help someone get into graduate school as a research psychologist and mental health therapist?
What do I do if my mom and therapist wants to put me in a psych ward for a suicide attempt? How do I convince them not to?
How do you keep the right emotions before the cravings?
Is it common to fall back into depression if you once where there? How can I avoid to fall back into it?
Why does suicide feel like the only way out? I would be sparing myself mentally and emotionally. Am I just defected, or am I just normal?
How am I supposed to take care of my physical and mental self when I have no money?
How can a person with PTSD be successful in school if they can’t focus?
How do I help myself? I have BPD with reoccurring depression & no support or family, and I'm struggling to stay alive.
Can narcissism cause OCD?
How do I get these mental illness questions off my feed?
What is the difference between having "schizoid personality disorder" and being "emotionally detached"?
If someone assaults someone because they are mentally disabled, would the charges be any different?
Would psychopaths become a neurotypical person for just one day in order to understand them better?
How do you know if someone is faking a mental illness?
I was recently diagnosed with NPD and AVPD. How can I maintain relationships and keep this from ruining my life?
If someone is in a depression, trauma or any other mental cause, then is counselling/psychiatric treatment required?
How can you give support to someone who's having a mental breakdown?
Does clutter have a profound impact on our emotional, mental, physical, and spiritual well-being?
Is Damon Salvatore a sociopath?
I have depression ad anxiety, how can I convince my parents to allow me to see a psychiatrist?
How do you clear up a psychiatric misdiagnosis?
How can I cope with depression and stress, as I am fed up with my life's ups and downs?
What kind of psychological damage is done to the partner of someone with BPD?
When schizophrenics are in a psychotic state, does part of them realize that what they're thinking isn't rational?
What do psychopaths think about suicide?
Can someone *become* a sociopath (or something similar) due to conditioning?
If a psychiatrist rashly prescribes black box medication to a patient who later commits suicide as a result, can they face serious legal consequences?
Should I go to a mental hospital if I have anti-social traits?
What are the various treatments for anxiety disorder?
I feel like I'm becoming less intelligent over time. Is this a form of mental illness?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I am bipolar?
Why do some psychopathic traits don't apply to every psychopath?
How do I stop myself from worrying that I might have cancer, which causes a lot of anxiety?
I turned 30 2 months ago and I'm still depressed about getting old. What should I do?
How do you get post-traumatic stress disorder?
How did your parents react when they found out you are a psychopath? Did they always suppose it or was it a surprise?
Will having therapy sessions affect my financial future?
Can a sociopath choose to be a good person?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
How can I remain at peace in between my parents' fight? It's taking a toll on my mental health.
Why do we have different theoretical models to explain mental illness?
How do you discuss violent crimes that you haven't been charged for with a mental health professional without them breaking confidentiality?
How does it feel to fully recover from a serious clinical depression that lasts a few years or more? Is it really possible to live in a normal way afterwards?
What can I do about my huge depression from being 8 years behind in my career?
Why is it important to study the sociology of mental disorders?
Does depression significantly impair cognitive function?
When is the right time to seek a counsellor for depression?
Can psychopaths comprehend the experience of emotion?
What should I do when I am depressed?
I sometimes have intrusive thoughts, how can I know if it is OCD or being scared?
How do I get cured from stress? I got BP and now my head spins in the morning. I am working in a good MNC. My dream is to become an entrepreneur. I am confused about whether to quit my job and work for a startup.
Does depression impair working memory?
Is Hillary mentally ill?
What drives those with PTSD to kill?
Who are the most popular psychologists that work with patients?
Are there people in India with borderline personality disorder?
Will my marks increase or decrease after verification in SSC?
What are some facts of teenage depression?
What can I do to reduce paranoia while taking cocaine?
How do I identify depression in my teen?
What's your secret to overcome anxiety before an important event?
How can I help a suicidal/depressed person who already has professional help?
What do psychopaths think of the game 'Blue Whale'?
Am I bipolar? Sometimes, out of nowhere certain things trigger severe depression and wouldn't go away the whole day.
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
What is the incidence of depression among homeschoolers?
If a person enjoyed being out a lot at night, might that indicate a mental illness?
How can I deal with a muscular thug who doesn't study in our university and comes here to sleep in empty classrooms and has mental disorders?
What are the tips to overcome stress?
Will a person with ankylosing spondylitis become disabled & bend forward eventually?
Are people who have depression just weak?
Do guys who broke off a relationship because they lost feelings for you due to depression come back?
How do I know if a sociopath is done with me?
Can schizo-affective people be cured?
Would a psychopath make a good director?
Would a high-functioning person with sexual sadism disorder have foresight, impulse control, and live by the law?
Why do INFJ personalities have depression and other mental health issues?
How would you find a mentally unwell person who has gone missing for a month?
How do I tell my family that I have depression and want help?
How can I come out from feeling stress?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
Is Cardio B the right supplement for maintaining mental and physical health?
What does one have to do to be in a mental hospital? Can one voluntarily go? If not, what can one do to be forced into one?
Why does pole dancing burn so much when you start out? Will it ever go away?
Someone close to me was injured in the Iraq War, and years later suffers from depression and PTSD. I struggle to know what to say to him about it. What can I do?
Do psychopaths not feel emotions or do they supress them?
What can I do to improve my short-term memory and enhance my ability to retain information?
Why does Pinterest cause depression and even shame in some women?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the mental health space?
Can a psychologist diagnose HFA?
What is complex PTSD and how does it affect the growth and functionality in an individual?
To what extent does genetics affect susceptibility to depression?
Why is psychological health often ignored?
Can I get mental health leave from school?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
Should I see a doctor or psychiatrist regarding my pseudo-Parkinson's symptoms?
Which environmental theory of mental illness is the most intriguing to you, and why?
What kind of obsessions does a person have if he got both OCD and depression?
I’m cutting myself in order to feel something. Is this a sign of a mental disorder?
How did your father react when he knew you are a psychopath?
What are the ways to improve my father's mental health and will after survive heart attack?
Do I have bipolar disorder or some underlying psychiatric issue?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
How do I know that if I have depression or not?
Is there a higher incidence of depression among adoptees than in the general population?
Can you get into the military if you have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder?
What happens to your brain if you have been depressed for a long time?
I have an exam tomorrow which I will surely fail because I couldn't study as I have been enduring depression since August last year. What do I do?
Why do I get depressed before going out?
How would someone come back from schizophrenia?
In BPD, who is the real person?
How do people deal with having a chronic illness?
What is a female with ASPD like?
Do some people on Quora write false things about psychopathy or ASPD in general?
What's the quickest and least painful way to commit suicide?
How should I overcome depression due to low marks in the NEET 2017?
When might a psychiatrist prescribe you marijuana? I live in Maryland, and I might have IBS and anxiety.
Are antidepressants like Zoloft better at treating OCD than they are at treating depression?
Is there any remedy for chronic depression?
How do psychopaths feel about justice?
Why are teenagers more susceptible to depression than adults?
How do I deal with shivering caused by anxiety?
If a therapist can't work with someone that they're attracted to, does that mean my therapist isn't attracted to me?
Are there any ayurvedic medicines for depression/anxiety/mental wellness?
Which mental illnesses cause libido to increase?
Why does my therapist not understand that I don't want to treat my ASPD?
Every social interaction I have is fake on my end (not manipulation, I could just care less) is this similar to psychopathy or sociopathy?
Is it possible to develop DID (dissociative identity disorder) as an adult or only as a child?
My husband mentally and financially abuses me. What should I do?
Do some people with ASPD want to be a neutrotyical?
What's the best strategy to overcome bpd without a therapist?
Is there anywhere I can upload my professional and personal profile and seek feedback for entering entrepreneurship?
If you check off for the qualifications of being a sociopath, but not because of the lack if ability, but because of desire/choice, are you still one?
Can true psychopaths feel suicidal?
Why do I start feeling depressed if I don't do something crazy?
How does psychopathy work with twins?
Have you recovered from OCD in India? I have been suffering for 4 years. Which is the best place to get it treated?
What is the transition into schizophrenia like?
Have you ever been in a relationship with someone that had a mental disorder?
What does it feel like to have anxiety and depression?
How can I talk to attractive women without getting anxiety and stuttering?
I am seeing a therapist for depression. Are anti-depressants necessary? Is there such thing as a "mild" anti-depressant?
I’ve been jobless for 5 months, and I’m feeling depressed. What should I do?
Under what circumstances and to whom do people with intermittent explosive disorder act with fury?
What can I do when my therapist and mother want to send me to a mental hospital?
How can I completely stop overthinking?
What is the relationship between executive function and depression?
If you commit suicide, where would you go?
How can I study properly if I'm suffering from anxiety?
What are the biggest challenges you face as a sales manager?
What do you think Lennie's (from Mice & Men) mental illness is?
I'm homeschooled, have social anxiety, and live in a small town where not many things are available. What do I do?
Why is Quora filled with judgement and prejudice regarding mental and personality disorders like bipolar and BPD?
Has there ever been a psychologist who committed suicide?
Why does low self-esteem lead to depression?
Is there any other way for people with depression to feel better rather than go to psychiatrists?
What happens if you faint in a psych ward?
What comes to mind when you think of someone who is mentally ill? What are your stereotypes?
Can a psychopath currently have a psychosis?
Can someone with DID (dissociative identity disorder) kill one of his/her alters?
How can I help a friend who might be depressed?
What are some uncommon psychological disorders?
How can a schizophrenic go to a hospital instead of a prison?
My girlfriend is suffering from depression, how can I help her?
Is it possible to just have mania?
What happens after you commit suicide?
How can I convince a person with schizophrenia to get help?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both social anxiety and bipolar disorder?
How do I stop my anxiety from allowing me to do things?
How much time does it take to diagnose HFA?
I don't want to be depressed anymore but still can't find the motivation to do anything about it. How do I finally just move?
What's the difference between bipolar and borderline, and how common is that misdiagnoses?
Do anxiolytic drugs help overcome anxiety?
Why are people who commit suicide labelled as cowards?
Why is there a distinction between bipolar I and bipolar II?
Isn't taking anxiety meds just helping you avoid facing your problems?
Do some psychopaths cut themselves so they can feel an emotion?
How do depressed people know about cutting?
Why am I not able to concentrate on anything? Is it a sign of having psychological issues?
Why do people think I sound depressed?
Is suicide illegal where you live? If so, how do people get help there?
How do you recover from severe depression with no support system?
Is Poppy a psychopath?
Everyone tells me my anxiety is fake, and makes me feel bad about it. It's breaking me. What should I do?
Is craniosacral therapy real?
How can we help someone with postpartum depression?
Why does depression come from nowhere sometimes?
How does Cymbalta treat bipolar disorder?
What is the fastest way to get diagnosed? In Fresno California I have anxiety, social anxiety etc.
Why does Salman Khan like to play characters with mental issues? Does that come naturally to him, or does a lot of effort go into it?
What is a panic attack on a website? How do you do a panic attack?
How do I stop being an anxiety ridden mess?
Psychopathy and Asperger’s seem to have a lot of common traits. Do you think they are variants of the same condition?
Would you break up with someone living with depression and social anxiety?
If you have depression, would you want to date someone with depression?
Where can I find a therapist in NYC to help me deal with several psycho-sexual and dating hangups that I have?
Are these symptoms a sign of a mental disorder?
Do psychopaths or sociopaths ever feel nervous when it comes to their own self? If yes, in what situations?
What are some treatments for social anxiety disorder?
I believe I am suffering from dementia in my 20's. What is the most common cause?
What should I do to stop procrastinating? I have always suffered from this, like always when I start studying, which makes me suffer.
How does a person's genetic health affect their mental and emotional health?
How do people deal with work related anxiety?
Is failure to launch considered a mental disorder?
How do you test for a self-defeating personality disorder?
Can I be a police officer if I have mental disorders?
Has anyone ever been insanely manipulated by a psychopath? I ruined my life trying to help someone who is beyond help.
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
Why did I want to be friends with a sociopath?
Is it possible to have the opposite of postpartum depression? (i.e. the period after birth is the only time you feel "normal"?)
Do all psychopathic traits have to apply to you to make you a psychopath?
What is depression in Islam?
How is stress related to mental illness?
How can I be a successful psychologist?
What are the best scientific ways to stop neurological decline?
What are the ways by which any teenage person could overcome depression in his life, caused due to hatred towards him?
Why don’t people want to hangout with socially anxious people like me?
Why does cold water cause panic if it doesn't hurt?
Do you know of any women with fibrocystic breast disease who have increased pain due to depression and other mental health issues?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
How do you know that you are not going into depression?
What is the social experience of a psychopath?
Is a psychiatrist better at diagnosing mental illness than a layman?
If you tell a psychologist that you’re suicidal, can they place you in a psych ward?
How do I deal with anxiety before the exam results declaration?
How do I stop being depressed and find a reason to live?
Why do I have severe anxiety when there's nothing to worry about?
What is the difference between obsession, depressive rumination and delusions?
How do you cope at age 64 with the fear, worry, depression, financial uncertainty, and devastation of a job loss?
How do I overcome my anxiety of what my future beholds after a chronic disease?
Are all psychopaths happy and well-adjusted?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
I’m 21 and got a new job in road construction for a change in my life/atmosphere and money. Will my mental health be negatively impacted by the long hours with less sleep?
What is your bluntest opinion about a high-functioning, self-aware, non-diagnosed psychopath?
How can someone with PTSD relive an event through a flashback when they wouldn't know what the event was?
How do I do travel therapy?
How do career women influence the decline of family today?
Why can't I stand bright lights or loud noises?
If you wrote a letter to eating disorders, what would it say?
What's the difference between a complex and a personality disorder?
What mentality is she suffering from?
How do I convince my parents that my depression and anxiety aren’t a choice and that I need therapy before they get worse?
How do I take advantage of depression and get better grades?
What exactly is "ego loss" and is it a side effect or precursor to a personality disorder, or something else entirely?
What happens to the body when one has depression?
Why do I get hyper whenever my depression breaks?
What should I do if my enemy has depression and she has nobody to help her?
How do some people with bipolar disorder manage life without treatment?
My depression has brought me to a point where I am about to fail a subject and thus ruin my life. How do I deal with that?
How is mental illness more dangerous than physical illness?
Can a lobotomy cause sociopathy or psychopathy?
I'm scared my depression might be developing into something worse like a personality disorder or sociopathy. How do I know?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
What can I do to cope with depression if I don't have access to a therapist?
What should I do to combat depression?
Is depression a disease or a psychological concept?
Why did Robert Clive commit suicide?
What do I do to get out of depression and work towards the life I want for myself?
Can I be highly intelligent without a high education?
How can I tell if I'm actually depressed and have anxiety or if I am just going through a "teen phase"?
Do I move back home, get a job & deal with my dysfunctional but loving family, or live depressed and isolated out in the country without having to work?
How can you get BPD?
My husband committed suicide recently. I need therapy and meds. Are there psychologists or psychiatrists that you can talk to via phone?
Will having a condition like nocturia disqualify you from being an astronaut for NASA?
Does depression cause you to experience feelings of shame and other upsetting emotions without outside provocation?
Do girls get anxiety about pregnancy during unprotected sex?
How long can a person with bipolar disorder be active before he becomes completely disabled?
Was Churchill a sociopath?
Can a psychologist commit you to a psych ward or can only a psychiatrist commit you?
Is a psychologist allowed to commit a patient to a psych ward?
Do psychopaths have a code of conduct?
From which hospital in Mumbai I will get mentally disturb person's certificate?
What is the best mood stabilizer for anxiety?
Do psychopaths think there is any inherent value in humanity?
How will a psychopath react when a deep dark secret is revealed by someone he feels is beneath him?
If a person has BPD and bipolar, how can you see a manic or depressive episode with the mood swings from BPD at the same time?
Are there any strange or paradoxical responses to antidepressants that occur in people with personality disorders?
What links clinical depression with losing the will to live?
If someone with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a person who is a psychopath, how do things play out if the Psychopath wants to break up?
What would you think of your future if you had a mom who had just committed suicide for depression?
After treatment starts for bipolar disorder, is it normal for hazy memories and situations from the past to become clearer?
When in a non-BPD and BPD relationship, how should the non-BPD act when treated poorly?
Is anxiety all in the mind?
What is OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder)?
I have an anxiety disorder and have a task trained service dog. How do I go about finding colleges that will allow this?
Why it is nearly impossible to run a school or NGO for mentally retarded children in India?
Which is a better world: bipolar or multipolar? How?
Why would a college student commit suicide?
How can I get medication for ADD?
What is the best treatment​ for anxiety​?
How can I deal with, and help my spouse who suffers from a major depression that is sometimes manic?
Does psychotherapy really help overcoming depression?
After 42 years, is it normal to become so sick of my BPD and the damage I do that suicide is the only solution for relief?
What are the best way to fight depression naturally?
At age 22, how do I deal with depression and suicidal feelings?
What is the biggest panic attack you ever had?
Which are few examples of scientists with personality disorders?
Are psychopaths more likely or less likely to abuse drugs/alcohol?
What is the latest medical research on bipolar 1 disorder?
Can a person be psychopath if he thinks of harassing someone for no reason and cries a lot?
How can I convince my mom that I think I have depression and I should be taken to the doctor and tested?
What is the age and the reason when you thought that you want to commit suicide?
Have any of you ever dealt with extreme OCD with delusions, and do the delusions ever go away?
Do psychopaths have a codex?
How does the health insurance repeal affect mentally ill persons, specifically homeless mentally ill persons?
Is suicide the answer to severe anxiety?
What benefit does a psychopath find in building a relationship with someone if they don't really feel anything toward them?
Are psychiatrists fully authorized to purchase psychoactive drugs?
Do people who can turn their empath qualities on and off exist although they are not psychopaths?
If your mental illness is affecting your ability to communicate with people, should you get help?
Should a young doctor with schizoid personality disorder choose their specialty according to the personality disorder?
Should I talk to my research adviser about my depression?
How do you get out of a depressing state?
How do I help my girlfriend when she is having a PTSD attack?
What if the voices in my head tell me they're not real, but just a product of a mental condition?
Can marriage make you depressed even when you're not being abused?
If a person with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how would the relationship play out?
I have to do an assessment for my mental health. What will happen if I don’t go?
I sterilise my self harm tools with an isopropyl alcohol lens wipe. Is this sufficient?
Is masturbation bad for mental health?
How are psychopaths affected by art?
Can a bipolar disorder be passed on to one’s offspring in the form of a borderline personality disorder?
Do all alcoholics have memory problems?
How could anyone have believed that D'angelo Barksdale committed suicide after seeing the crime scene?
What is your X-Men superpower?
Can you turn yourself into a sociopath, or at least, a cold blooded, heartless person?
I'm an 18 year old (guy) ENTP that has OCD, Social anxiety disorder, and ADD. Is this common for an ENTP, or did I just lose the genetic lottery?
Are there any social clubs or groups of people to help gain confidence and rise from depression in Uttarakhand, India? Or are there any websites or online groups?
How do I stay emotionally sane while I dig myself out of debt?
Can a doctor have a personality disorder?
Who is the most mentally strong person you know and why?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
How can I deal with anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, PTSD, being an introvert and shy?
How can I avoid lashing out when manic or depressed without cutting myself off from everyone?
Has anyone had social anxiety? How do you get over it?
How did you react to your parents death?
Are there any medications that specifically target the physical side of a panic attack?
Should a person tell others their mental health diagnosis?
How do I stop my depression and get better grades as a teenager?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
How do you know when your boyfriend is bipolar?
If a person with a borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how does the relationship play out?
How did James Fallon control his psychopathy?
Why is the role played by psychotherapy in the treatment of a personality disorder?
How can CIWA scale be used to rule out psychotic disorder?
What was it like when you were first diagnosed with PTSD?
How do people perceive swallowing and anxiety disorders?
What are some interesting facts about psychopathy in relation to IQ?
Is social anxiety a real mental illness that needs to be professionally treated or is it simply caused by a lack of social skills or self confidence?
Do people in prodromal phase of Schizophrenia know that they are getting sick?
What are effective ways to cope with stress and negative situations?
What is Harsha Bhogle's opinion on maintaining physical and mental health in a youngster's life?
Where do I draw the line between introspection and staying in my head?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
How can anxiety make you sick?
Why does sleep deprivation help depression?
What is “meditation”? How does meditation work for mental stress and depression?
How do psychiatrically diagnosed people feel about their diagnosis?
Does adderal tolerance ever go away?
Is being a psychopath a clear advantage in the corporate world?
Is it possible that part of my subconscious is depressed, while the rest of me is mentally healthy?
When I do not understand something, I feel that it should be something stupid. Do I have a mental illness?
How do Psychopaths see their own "friends"?
What is the law in India for a family member not taking a mentally ill person to a doctor for treatment, if the person himself is not in a position to decide?
Are there foods that can ease or worsen depression?
What mental disorder would you consider that the person in this case study has?
How do I overcome depression as a teenager?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
Are people with NPD and/or BPD capable of sentimentality? Is it common for them to reminisce?
Are psychopaths less likely to be racist?
What are treatments for non-pulsating headaches that are primarily characterized by soreness?
What are some societally necessary jobs that significantly damage those performing them? (physically or mentally)
Can a psychopath be scarred?
Can you have BPD without having any abandonment issues and enjoying being alone?
How would I start my fresh life after lots of depression?
Can I get good, worthwhile treatment from a psychiatrist remotely, i.e. over the telephone or Skype?
Psychopaths, has someone ever seen through your mask? If so, how did you react?
Why does Quora allow so many questions that passive-aggressively stigmatize mental illness?
What should I do if I’m suffering from depression and my younger sister is aware of this fact but still she doesn't understand me or even respect me?
Are you an entrepreneur experiencing health issues such as chronic fatigue, depression, anxiety?
Can purely psychological factors cause schizophrenic symptoms?
How do you motivate a person who is in extreme depression and not willing to take any advice?
Do the police in America (the NYPD, for example) accept candidates with mental health issues?
Can you be spiritual and OCD?
How do I tell others that I have depression without feeling guilty?
If someone is depressed, what are the chances someone else in their family is too?
What are some simple tricks deal with anxiety?
How would you describe an obsessive-compulsive personality disorder from a psychoanalytic perspective?
How do I less emotional and mentally strong in odd time?
Is despair an affliction or a sin? Or something else?
Should I tell my teacher about having travel anxiety?
What do you do if you feel depressed and suicidal and have no one to talk to?
Why do most normal people not care about depressed people, even when they are very close relatives or friends?
Can a person who is bipolar ever see the real truth?
What is separation anxiety and how do you treat it?
How can you psychopaths describe it when you don't know anything to compare it with?
Can you trigger a panic attack without thinking about the source of your stress?
What is mild bipolar disorder like?
How can I cope better with my step-daughter who has bi polar disorder?
How do people deal with mental health problems?
Should I tell my teacher I am depressed?
What advice would mental health professionals give to a young adult considering this field of work?
What are some drugs used to make mental patients sleep?
I have borderline personality disorder. I'm scared I will never live a normal life. What can I do?
I have a friend who I really care about but I dread seeing him. He has a mental illness so is sometimes volatile company. How can I be supportive?
Can a normal person increase his mental capacity to a great level, meaning memory, creativity, etc.?
How often do people with paranoid schizophrenia hear voices? Also, I don't understand how people don't realize they're hallucinating?
I have uneasy feeling in area above umbilicus, nausea and frequent defecation along with fear. Does it mean I have anxiety?
Have you ever had a partner who suffered dependant PD and Avoidant PD? How did you manage?
Are mentally organized people more likely to appear disorganized because they can easily deal with disorganized information?
Is lateral thinking the amount of net knowledge gained or just a mental ability?
Is it selfish to dwell on your own mental health issues when family members rely on you to be strong?
How do I help my depressed brother?
How will be the life with a psychopath?
What psychological thinking causes people to commit suicide?
How do people consume high THC marijuana without having anxiety/panic attacks?
Is anxiety disorder generally followed by depression?
Is medication necessary for BPD?
Is rage in bipolar disorder considered a symptom or a coping mechanism?
Could anxiety medication help me get through an existential crisis?
If a mental illness is impacting your job performance, does it make sense to talk to HR or your manager about it? What are the risks?
How can a person overcome his depression, when in every direction, he or she is getting failure?
What does Athena Walker think is the reason when neurotypicals or psychopaths become bad, abusive, and otherwise nasty people?
Why are there people with colonial mentality?
What are the best methods to refresh your brain to its initial max capacity from a depressed state?
How can you tell if I am bipolar?
Who are some people who have had severe illnesses and survived?
Other than cognitive behavioural therapy (ERP) and medication, is there any effective treatment for OCD?
How popular is psychotherapy in Japan?
Could a high-functioning schizoid live as a pseudo-psychopath (logical control over his actions, low or no emotions and empathy)? What would the differences be?
What should I do if I am suffering from depression, but I don't have money for a therapist?
How can you tell a jerk from a narcissist?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
How would a narcissist survive in solitary confinement?
What do you do when someone you love has a secret eating disorder, how do you confront them?
Is it better to have anxiety about something and yet do it well, or to have confidence but do it terribly?
How do I stop panic/anxiety attacks that happen in school?
Is it possible for a sociopath to be an A-lister (that is, fit all the psychopathic categories, e.g., no emotion, ego-driven)?
What happens in therapy for dissociative identity disorder?
How do I apply cognitive behavioral therapy in my busy day, as I am suffering from depression and anxiety?
Is there any mention of depression and anxiety in the ancient texts of India?
What would a hallucinogenic trip be like for a sociopath?
Was committing suicide the right thing for Hannah Baker to do? Why?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
Why is it that some people constantly feel depressed?
I know very short moments of perceived out-of-body-experiences. Does that mean I have a clinical form of dissociative disorder?
What are some specific topics to discuss with a male psychologist when you're a guy and suffer from PTSD?
Can a mental health professional answer my questions about the treatment of depression with ayahuasca?
I think I have bipolar disorder and I'm scared to tell my parents. What should I do?
What is the average length of a relationship with a psychopath?
Does anyone in India consult therapists or seek psychological counseling?
Does borderline personality disorder affect memory?
What are the most common types of psychotherapy, and how do they relate to specific mental health issues?
As a mental health professional, what are some key things you do for self-care?
What is the best ayurvedic destination for treatment of depression and anxiety?
How does it feel to have an anxiety attack?
What is the connection point between alexithymia and depression?
Is there evidence that depression and social anxiety kill a person's creativity?
Has depression changed your original personality?
Why do I feel empty unless I self harm?
How can someone tell if they have anxiety?
I used to hear things that weren't really there every night until I moved to a different house. I don't hear them any more. What is this?
How can I deal with a person who mentally harasses me and then becomes silent, and this routine continues?
What is anger disorder? How can I help my brother in it?
How do I stop feeling depressed cause of the world around me?
What sort of hallucinations have you had with bipolar psychosis? Can you see the same things or people over and over?
Does the journey to enlightenment cause depression?
Can God take away my anxiety?
I have depression and anxiety, and I failed out of college. What do I do now?
Is there a safe pill to temporarily induce depression or anxiety?
Does a doctor (other than a psychiatrist) with depression treat his depression by himself?
Is it wrong to feel constant depression?
How do you deal with feeling depressed about politics and current affairs?
How can I use desensitization to help myself through a panic attack?
Are there psychopaths who don't wear masks?
How can you cope with the thought that you will be the same person forever?
How can I overcome my depression? I've been feeling lost for 3 years, and I can't find my way out.
Can risperidone cause anhedonia, and will it go away once it’s off?
How should one deal with the stress and depression when he is failing and his colleagues are succeeding?
Is there really something like depression?
Why are so many complex ptsd sufferers uncomfortable with close freindships?
I'm depressed. I'm not going to end my life, but if I were to pass away, my loved ones will get $3M dollars in life insurance. Why should I continue?
Why are psychopaths attracted to the INFJ personality type?
Is it normal to have memory problems with bipolar? Sometimes I don't know that I did something a week ago or that I wrote things to people and now I can't remember.
In any situation, do you think first or feel first? Which takes precedence?
What is Trump's mental health?
Is autism seen in a similar way as mental illness?
How do I motivate myself since I am depressed because of betrayal?
Is it normal to be depressed and self-conscious even though you've never been bullied?
How do I cure my social anxiety disorder?
Is there a mindset I can adopt or a way that can help me to maintain my relationship with my sister who has BPD?
Can a person be popular and be mentally ill?
Are psychopaths purely instinctive the way animals are?
How can you tell if someone is a narcissist or clinically depressed if both seem to push you away and use silent treatment?
How do I cope up with depression? I'm not sure if it's depression or sadness or if I am generally like this.
What is PISTA therapy?
What are some mental activities I can do now as an adult to avoid senility in my older years?
What are techniques to overcome traumatic experiences?
How can you tell if you’re a psychopath?
What do psychopaths think of the Hare psychopathy checklist?
I feel highly depressed ATM. I tried to find something to bring me out of darkness, but nothing worked. What should I do now?
Why does marijuana cause anxiety?
How do I learn to cope with my BPD?
How do I regain the emotional connection with people again after recovering from depression?
What is God for people with mental disorders and how do they see Him?
How can I recover from anhedonia after discontinuing antipsychotics?
Has Ronald Bartetzko suffered from PTSD after the wars he has fought? If so, how has he coped with it?
How do psychopaths feel when people tell them that they should be compassionate?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
Does smoking cannabis cause psychosis in bipolar 2 disorder?
What is social anxiety? How do you distract yourself from it?
Why do people with schizoaffective disorder accuse their friends of doing things they haven't done?
Why are so many people becoming so sensitive about life and relationships (both physically and mentally) and committing suicide nowadays?
Is being a clinical psychologist stressful? Clinical psychologists talk to depressed people everyday, so do they also get depressed by that?
Why does Quora act like a therapist?
How can you tell if a depressed person still loves you?
I have been diagnosed recently with borderline persoanlity disorder and I have been feeling that I made everything up. Is it common to feel that way?
How best can one deal with depression?
Does counselling help even if the person is adamant about not cooperating with the counsellor?
How can I cope up with adult separation anxiety?
What is the best way to commit suicide and not die?
How can you stop depersonalization?
Should we really care if people get "triggered" by media or content?
Why is major depression inconsolable?
What should I do about my depression symptoms? Should I seek medical help?
Shouldn't the addiction that many people have to their cell phones be considered a mental illness?
What are some symptoms of compulsive exercise disorder?
Sometimes I have delusional/psychotic thoughts that only last for a few minutes. What is wrong with me?
Can I get over PTSD and anxiety without medication?
What herbs can I take to nullify an anxiety attack?
How can I remain laser focused, despite having 5-6 hours of sleep (like Elon Musk, Nikola Tesla etc.)?
I am seeing animal shadows and hallucinations. I hope that I’m not going to lose my mind. Are there others with this kind of problem?
Where does depression end and narcissism begin?
If psychopaths are motivated by power, then is it their goal to make you admit to being weaker or inferior to them in some way?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
How do you know when your teenager is depressed?
What mental health illnesses or disorders can alcohol cause?
Why don't the mentally ill want to admit that they're sick and need help? I am asking because this help could be life-saving.
Can PCOS cause depression?
I feel normal when my mind is distracted, but when I have nothing to do, I go crazy and feel suicidal. Is this normal?
Can love sickness cause bipolar disorder?
How do psychopaths keep their masks clean?
What defines someone as a psychopath?
I hate my PhD advisor, because he does not appreciate me. How do I stop getting affected by him so much?
Can a person be both bipolar and schizophrenic?
Why can't I focus on my schoolwork?
I’m 23 and ever since I was 20, I’ve had issues with depression and paranoia mainly because of social media. People say I’m schizo. What should I do?
What are the worst cases of schizophrenia disorders?
How effective is exposure therapy?
Is there a difference or a benefit to working with a psychologist, as opposed to working with an LCSW, LMFT, LPC, etc., for talk therapy?
As a psychopath, what are your greatest pleasures in life?
Why am I insane?
Is it common that people with bipolar disorder suffer from memory problems as well?
Do I have a mental disorder if all I think about is what mental disorder I have and I'm always looking at myself in mirrors?
How do you cope with a mad, psychotic person?
What steps should an introvert take to get out of depression?
Is PTSD an abnormal reaction to trauma?
My pregnant girlfriend doesn't want to have sex with me anymore. How do I deal with this?
What is the one thing/habit that always comes around continuously and makes you depressed/sad/worn out?
Why are people resistant to seeing a psychologist for the first time?
How do you feel about others not understanding your anxiety disorder?
What is the best medication for bipolar 2?
Can anxiety cause suicidal thoughts or is it only a depression thing?
What books have helped you better understand or overcome self-harm?
How long will it take me to get extremely skinny and sick looking?
Does floatation therapy work?
How should a person determine if they need to see a psychologist?
What kinds of neuropsychological testing should a specialist perform on a potential ADHD patient before they are prescribed Adderall?
How do I get rid of the mental block and distrust towards people?
How can someone deal with nervous breakdowns?
Why do I always seem to get suicidal and at least somewhat depressed when I'm anxious and stressed out (usually from school)?
My fiance is mentally ill. What should I do?
Does a BPD diagnosed person, accept this diagnosis? If yes, when does that person come to acceptance?
Why does everyone think that preventing a well-reasoned suicide is an acceptable action?
What are healthy alternatives to self harming?
How do I stop being so anxious and self concious?
What is psychotic depression, and what causes it? Is it more than one major depressive episode?
How can you attain peace when you are mentally suffering from something?
Could a personal drill sergeant help you overcome some of the lethargic affects of depression?
Is there a life experience that could potentially change a sociopath or psychopath for good?
Can graffiti help you cope with OCD?
Is there something mentally wrong with me? Acedia? BPD? Apathy? Why do I feel like this?
What are the best method of all around rapid mental calculations?
Can being bipolar lead to compulsive lying?
Is procrastination a mental condition which could also be related to low IQ, depression and ADHD?
What is your opinion on slurs like feminazi & autism being used harmfully & the future consequences of that use?
Why do some guys hate their looks and always live in depression?
Can you have depression while people around you can't notice?
How should one keep anxiety at bay?
What are the best (stand out) apps for meditation, mental health and well-being?
Does a person develop BPD over time in adulthood?
How can one remove depression when one is away from home?
Are people with lower social anxiety levels easier to mentor (because they more willingly approach people you suggest)?
What are some things that can be done to help someone fight depression?
What are examples of environmental factors in mental health?
How do I stop having expectations for my family?
How did you overcome your medication resistant depression? Is it even possible to do this?
Do psychopaths ever feel like life is a game?
Are people with mental illnesses like depression, anorexia and/or obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) the hardest to love?
How does Vicodin affect depression?
How does functional MRI amygdala biofeedback insights offer tools for the next generation of mindfulness practitioners and self treating depression?
Why do so many people think sadism and psychopathy are the same?
Are there any circumstances where I shouldn't tell my psychologist something?
How do I stop annoying friends when I’m depressed?
What are the symptoms of a child with depression?
What is the subtle difference between psychosomatic sensations and tactile hallucinations?
How do I "break up" with my psychologist or therapist if I think it's not a good fit?
Can you get out of a MAPPA level 2 after discharge from a mental health hospital in England?
What are the best solutions to overcome social anxiety?
Would everyone benefit from a therapist?
Does forcing myself to do things help cure depression?
Why are footballers suffering from mental illness?
How can you describe the different types of psychological disorders?
Why does megaloblastic anemia cause hallucinations?
Can I see a therapist even though I’m not sure if I have a mental disorder?
What is your experience with learning how to write with your non-dominant hand and how has it affected your life?
How can I be more comforting to my bipolar friend? The friend has untreated bipolar disorder.
What are the things that make us, as psychopaths, human?
When adversities mentally pressure us, what mental processes get affected? For example, 'thinking' and 'understanding' are not that easy for me when under mental pressure.
Is there a bot you can talk to when you’re depressed?
How do you know you need counselling, medication, or psychotherapy?
What poems are representative of the subject of mental illness?
Has anyone dealt with a psychopath/sociopath who committed a serious crime such as murder/rape? If so, what was your experience like with them?
I’m extremely sad. How can I overcome it?
Does sex cure depression?
Is retardation only negative?
Should chronically depressed patients be allowed to have access to a medically-assisted death?
Will I get a panic attack if I drink alcohol?
How do North Americans feel about their mental health?
If you have seen a therapist years ago and returning to therapy, how do you introduce this information about previous psychologists or counselors?
How do you tell your boss you have mental illness and still hope to keep your job?
Why is suicide legal while the attempt of suicide is illegal?
What forms of self-harm are there?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
What is a good way to evaluate if you and your psychologist will be a good fit?
What are some signs that psychological therapy/counseling is "working"?
Should we really blame the NPD while we understand that he is a mentally ill person?
How does it take people years before they realise they're bipolar?
What mental ilnesses cause apathy?
How can a person overcome the initial reluctance s/he may feel when seeing a psychologist for the first time?
What are some projects or initiatives that you are working on to reduce the stigma associated with mental illness?
Why aren't we the same person mentally that we were say even 5 minutes ago?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of installing horizontal engines instead of vertical engines in a bike?
Have you been in therapy when you were young and did it really help you?
What does ‘trigger’ mean with someone who has BPD?
If someone you know might commit suicide but they said not to tell anyone, what do you do?
Is it common for psychopaths to break out in full blown night sweats and drench the bedsheets?
How do guys feel about dating girls with mental illnesses?
What was the view of mental health in Victorian times?
How do anti-anxiety meds work? Will they make me stop thinking about the thing I'm anxious about?
Why are people with a personality disorder manipulative?
What universities offer free courses in mental health?
Is a near sudden lack (and gradual decline) of sentimentality necessarily a sign of depression, or is it acceptable as fairly often experienced by people as they age?
Why are people so afraid of anti-depressant/anxiety medications? Are the side effects that severe? Can they change you? Are they permanent?
How is a separation anxiety disorder diagnosed?
Psychopaths show a lack of fear, but is it a complete lack? Does anything make them afraid?
Do all people who self-harm have problems, or are they doing this just because they see that others are doing it?
What are some examples of conduct disorder?
Would it be appropriate to email your therapist to see how they are doing after an illness?
How do I deal with low grades due to sleep deprivation (5 hours every night for 2 years)?
How can I maintain purpose in my life as an introverted (relatively successful) university student (who also has tinnitus/chronic depression)?
What is the best strategy for those whose therapy sessions are limited? My insurance only covers 10 sessions a year.
How can I be more helpful to my bipolar friend?
How do I stop kids at my school from making fun of my depression (they tend to mock it)?
Why am I depressed and can't sleep?
Why am I always anxious when I take notes?
How bad does an event need to be to shatter a 6-9-year-old's innocence?
How can I be supportive for someone with a bipolar disorder?
What do I do when I'm depressed so that I don't hurt myself?
Has anyone ever been broken up with because of your mental illness? How did you cope?
Can depression be completely cured? If yes, how did you realize that you are absolutely fine?
Are mental disorders only triggered by trauma?
My brother is going away for college and I can't help but to feel very depressed. How do I deal with this change?
How do you make a relationship work long term with a psychopath/sociopath?
How do you become motivated and lively after years of depression?
Can a GP (general practitioner) diagnose you as bipolar?
Is taking a gap year for my mental health a bad thing? Why is everyone making it sound so bad?
How do girls overcome a hard breakup from mental stress?
Do psychopaths have to wear a mask?
Do people with BPD generally have difficulty with budgeting?
Did Hitler have a mental disorder or something?
What depression medications are you on?
What's the best way to find a psychologist?
Does exercise really make depression go away?
How do I control my anxiety while studying? Often while studying, all kinds of thoughts on the 5 exams I should sustain appear and I start to panic.
Is it normal to have thoughts about children?
Does insanity always have a physiological background?
Are there any subtypes to sociopathy/psychopathy?
Is there a nice psychopath?
How do you deal with a manic depressive?
Who would benefit from talking to a psychologist? Everyone or only the mentally ill?
What should I do if I am a manic depressive?
If I feel like my psychologist is not treating me objectively, is that a reason to seek a new psychologist? Or is it not really that important?
Are social anxiety and sociopathy related in any way?
What mental health laws would you change?
Could I have histrionic personality disorder?
Are most successful people psychopaths or have psychopathic tendencies?
How do I get rid of my anxiety? I had a fit of anger which led me to tell someone off.
Which is crazier, those giving guns to mentally unstable people or mentally unstable people with guns?
What are some short and long term solutions for someone with BPD who has failed to properly budget for monthly expenses?
How can I identify harmful internalized thoughts?
Can someone with pure obsessional OCD have a fear about themselves such as being a psycopath, which doesn't stem from intrusive thoughts?
How do I help manage/understand/support a loved one that suffers from depression, anxiety, & anger issues?
What comorbid effects are typical of persons with mania, PTSD, and autism combined?
Have you ever think of committing a suicide?
How do people on Xanax or other powerful anti-anxiety drugs respond to a legitimate threat to their safety?
If you go to student health services and don't think their psychologist is helpful, what should you do?
In theory at least, do we all have mental health problems?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
How do you cope with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
Can BPD be cured?
Is a "multiple body disorder" ever recorded?
Why do people with borderline personality disorder have self identity issues?
What is your experience with treating depression using meds?
Is there a name for a feeling/condition where you're not depressed but you feel like you should be?
Can you become a nurse if you have a history of an eating disorder?
What is some legitimate work I can do from home (the UK)? I suffer badly from anxiety, panic attacks & depression, which has led to my lack of work.
What are the disadvantages of being a psychopath?
Is the Catholic Church against ECT? If so, can you point me in the direction to find the literature on this teaching?
Can you just ask someone whether he is a psychopath or not?
How can I commit suicide without people finding out?
Is it weird that I want a psychopath as a friend?
Which is worse, depression or anxiety?
Why do I hear voices in my head just when I'm about to sleep?
Where do you seek help if you're suspected to have depression?
I'm 18. I haven't accomplished anything and I am depressed. What should I do?
How can you study without feeling depressed?
Why do intrusive thoughts cause anxiety?
Is having full anger and other mood swings during a manic episode normal with bipolar?
Are procrastination and fickle-mindedness mental conditions?
Have you found that caffeine helps with your bipolar disorder symptoms?
Is CAMHS deliberately trying to drive me to suicide?
Why are people with BPD stigmatised?
Is discarding and destroying what should be treasured possessions a warning sign of impending suicide attempt?
Do psychopaths feel disgusted by things like vomit, feces, or cannibalism?
I am in a very good place. I have a lot of privileges. Why do I still feel so depressed?
Can alternate personalities develop without trauma happening?
Where can I go to get tested for a learning disorder?
Why do I feel depressed when I lose in a giveaway everytime?
Should I be afraid of psychopaths/sociopaths?
What's a good way to stop the anxiety-causing thoughts when they come?
Was Marx mentally ill?
Would asking for help for my mental health issues be remotely worth it considering my situation?
Can a depressed person do academics?
What is the quickest way to commit suicide?
Who has experience with adult selective mutism?
How long is a hospital/psychiatric stay for a failed suicide attempt?
What does one do if one does not have the resources to cope with stress?
Can children of borderline personality disorder, not have it but can develop traits of it?
What are the drugs for social anxiety?
What did you do while you were in depression, but had important tasks coming up?
Has anyone tried committing suicide?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide without being depressed?
What are the things, a manager mentally equips himself with just before he takes charge?
What keeps libertarians from going full-blown anarcho-capitalist?
What do people who use mental health services like to be called, e.g. consumer, patient or client?
Can depression disqualify me from getting a diversity visa DV1?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
Can I develop an attachment disorder to an abuser?
How do I deal with my sociopathic tendencies?
What do you do if you discover that you are a psychopath?
How do you know you are not mentally ill, like in Fight Club?
Is it rational to make yourself believe something for your own mental health? Would it be moral?
Does music play on repeat in the head of an autistic person more severely the more anxious they become?
What kind of stuff do psychopaths hide under their masks?
After taking care of ill parents, I became mentally ill. What should I do?
What is the treatment for schizoid personality disorder like?
Can a therapist see that I have antisocial traits?
It has been suggested to me that a female with BPD is likely to be a psychopath. I am BPD and share a lot of symptoms, does this make me a psychopath?
Why is specialization in medical fields so overrated? Can’t you just be happy as a GP?
Why do psychopaths try to correct and educate people about psychopathy while they can benefit from people's ignorance of the subject?
Do psychopaths think they would be as successful as they are right now if they hadn't been born psychopaths?
Why do psychologists refuse to diagnose patients with some personality disorders?
Why can I only work when there's something else that's urgent?
Are people with low EQ easier to suffer from depression?
Do you think the bombardment of bad news by the media can cause depression?
How does alziemer disorder happen?
Is there a quality of life after a lifelong struggle with depression?
Why do I get very depressed?
How can we manage our depression without medication?
How do you cope with depression and NPD?
I read about Junko Furuta and now I am depressed, do you have any advice?
What could a relationship between two BPDs look like?
Is 13 Reasons Why harmful or helpful to people suffering from depression?
How can I reduce pre-result anxiety?
Why is everyone so obsessed with psychopaths and other mental illnesses?
I have antisocial traits. How would I get along with a psychopath?
What do we do with a depressed person who doesn't seem to want to get well?
How did ancient civilizations handle mental illnesses?
Can a sociopath love and be co-dependent?
Which is the most common cause of suicides and what is the most common way of suicide?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
Which movies can help me feel better during a depressive episode?
Is a neutrotypical with psychopatic traits called a sociopath?
What are some interesting paranoia stories of people with schizophrenia?
What is anaclitic depression in adults?
If you ask your therapist if you have a personality disorder, are they obligated to tell you?
Can you use methylphenidate (methylin) to cope with OCD?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide in absence of depression?
Are all self-harmers mentally ill?
Is there any mental illness associated with excessive anthropomorphizing?
When you were depressed and pushed almost everyone away, how did you feel about the person who stayed no matter what?
How do I deal with depression by myself? How can I not be a spoilsport for the outside world due to depression?
Is there a way to do math mentally for those who are handicapped that they cannot write?
Can a person with a binge eating disorder be a normal weight?
What is the diffference between delusion and depressive rumination?
Does being a psychopath automatically make you a bad, or dangerous person?
Can you give me the characteristics of a person who has bipolar depression?
How do you help someone with depression when you are living in a different country?
Believers in which religion are least likely to commit suicide?
Is it better for someone with depression to scream out or to suffer in silence?
How do I get rid of continuous unuseful, less meaningful, depressed thoughts?
I haven't taken my anti-depressant medication for over a year now. In the past month I experienced depressive relapses. Should I take my meds again?
Have you ever been in that much of depression in which you want to cry badly but cannot?
Apart from mindfulness exercises and without using drugs to calm me down, what are some tips and tricks for overcoming anxiety?
What do investors do when they find out the person has a history of depression?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
Is it possible that hallucinogenics caused my psychosis?
How do I deal with anxiety and confidence issues?
What is schizophrenia, and is it a disorder?
What is considered traumatizing enough to suffer from PTSD?
Would psychopaths care on some level if their partner died? If so, why?
How do you budget when you have bipolar?
How can I appear normal when I have ASPD?
What benefits have you noticed—physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually—from doing the Kuji-in? And how long have you been doing them?
Are people who suffer from depression lazy?
How can I help my dog with separation anxiety when I'm home most of the time?
Is mental illness, in America, a result of problems within society/culture as a whole?
What are some tricks and hacks that can be used in an Android application to help users overcome depression?
How do I make myself mentally stronger?
Should we commit suicide or not?
What are the signs of a personality disorder in a 50 year old male?
How do you treat an individual with Bipolar ADD and NPD?
Is it weird that I want my future boyfriend to be a psychopath?
What's the difference between someone with ASPD and someone with social anxiety and depression?
If a job application asks if I have a mental illness, should I be honest or lie and tick no?
How can bipolar disorder be recognised?
Is perfectionism a mental disorder?
I show a lot of symptoms for a few mental disorders. How can I be sure?
What activities to pick up during joblessness that boost your morale as well as add skills to your profile?
What can help to motivate someone with anxiety?
Should we feel sorry for psychopaths?
Do psychopaths suffer because of their personality disorder?
Can anxiety lead to phobia? And what's the difference between them?
Can you develop PTSD by having your child taken away by CPS?
Is there a mental disorder where you start behaving exactly like someone else?
Can cannabis cure or lessen the severity of anxiety disorders particularly social anxiety?
How do you convince your parents that going to a therapist/psychologist doesn't make you an abnormal person?
Did Teddy Roosevelt suffer/prosper from any mental illnesses?
Is Batman psychologically insane?
I fear that a sudden, loud or soft noise will distract me. I can't control it and my brain automatically stresses when it hears a sound. What is that?
Why do I remain confused and do silly mistakes? Is it any medical or psychological problem?
I think my brother has social anxiety, how can I help him?
If a depressed person has addictions, can he go to rehab?
How do I get a depressed person go to drug rehabilitation?
Why do psychopaths date people?
Have you ever compromised for something/someone physically, mentally, or financially and think that it was all in vain?
What should someone do when they become depressed because of their life?
Both of my brothers committed suicide. How do I cope?
What do people with OCD hate about their OCD thoughts?
What rights (or lack thereof) does an employee on short-term disability, denied LTD based upon it being a pre-existing mental illness, have?
Would a narcissist commit suicide?
Where can I find a forum to connect with engineers dealing with depression?
What does it mean when I'm anxious but don't know exactly what I'm anxious about?
Can bullying cause Complex PTSD?
If some person came down from the sky, is it statistically and logically more likely it was merely a person from a more advanced world visiting Earth?
How did you find out your father has antisocial personality disorder?
Has anyone recovered from "blank mind" depersonalization?
What can a counselor say or do when a person tells them they wanna commit suicide?
How many psychiatric survivors are there in the USA?
Is it possible or even achievable to have a functional long lasting relationship with a border line personality disorder inflicted man?
Can CPS force me to take a psychological evaluation?
Should I commit suicide, if I am going though depression?
What is decompensation in mental health?
Is there a correlation between childhood trauma and attention deficit disorder?
I hate being alone during my panic attacks. How can I cope?
How do you deal with (resolve) walking depression?
When should I seek further help with my depression and anxiety?
What are the things that mentally strong people don't do when they are at their worst in comparison with their normal counterparts?
Are anxiety and social anxiety common comorbid disorders in people who have ASD (Asperger syndrome included)?
Does suicide occur with animals? If so, is it usually rooted in depression and being unhappy?
Can anxiety cause itching?
Can something else besides abuse cause BPD?
They tell you its okay to be depressed sometimes but thats not depression its sadness, so why do they tell you you can cry then tell you not to?
How do you know if you're in a psychopath's inner circle?
If someone is feeling down, can she use willpower and positive thinking to make herself happy?
Can anxiety and depression turn in to bipolar if something triggers it?
What is the most probable reason a mentally strong teenager would suicide? (It could be anything you've come across or someone else's 'story')
Can all neurological disorders cause asphsia and are all neurological disorders classed as brain damage?
Is teenage depression comparable to clinical depression and should be treated with a therapist?
Should I take antidepressants forever?
Can a mentally ill person be a psychiatrist?
Why so many people want to commit suicide in the golden gate bridge?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
Can you mentally change the structure of your body?
What does introspection mean to a psychopath?
So, how severe can ornithophobia become and what are the useful methods to overcome it?
Is it dangerous to live with a socio/psychopath?
I am from India, my mother has some psychological problem and I want to take her to a psychiatrist, but I don't know how. Are there any suggestions? How can I get some help?
How can I distinguish anhedonia from depression from anhedonia from schizoid personality disorder?
If I see a violently graphic scene on TV I feel as though I am experiencing it, is this typical of spectrum disorders?
Can a diagnosis with a mental illness predispose one to more confirmation bias in terms of the illness' traits?
How can I stop feeling like an anxious little child and grow up?
I feel lost about who I am. Is my anxiety and depression making me doubt myself?
What causes a person to become a workaholic?
What foods can help with managing bipolar disorder?
Do hallucinogens like LSD affect in rewiring psychopaths? Do they recover or get more into their psychopathy?
I don't know who to go to for my depression. Who should I approach?
Other than suicide and execution, what is the hangman's noose used for?
Do terrorists ever get PTSD?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
If you screw up between 14-22, can you recover from it and be a fully contributing member of society?
How do I know if I’m borderline?
How can I manage with a bipolar spouse?
Do you think about suicide as a mentally healthy person?
If psychopaths have no emotions, how do they feel when they achieve what they want?
If your estranged wife threatens to commit suicide when on a family holiday, could anyone complain about you phoning the police?
Is Trump suffering from dementia?
What is the difference between bipolar disorder and dysthymia?
Has marijuana been used to treat symptoms like impulsivity in bipolar disorder?
What is the most probable reason a teenager would commit or attempt suicide (it could be something you've come across or heard from someone else)?
Asking for help before committing suicide. I'm suffering from herpes 1 & I can't find help. Can someone guide me to a good non-judgemental doctor?
What emotion is the most difficult for a psychopath to mimic?
Is there an apparent trend of armchair psychologists assigning BPD to others (as in say narcissism)?
Does indulging in musical instruments help in coping up with anxiety?
Does watching disgusting films make you mentally ill?
What are your best anecdotes of patients with a factitious disorder?
As a child, do you remember if you were a psychopath? Or did you act normally and only realize you were different years later?
Is it possible to have antisocial personality disorder and be successful?
Can drinking coffee worsen general anxiety disorder or depression?
Is it possible for a person with panic disorder to become a good psychologist?
What is the most relaxing and soothing light for my room? Are there lightbulbs that I can buy that create a mental state?
Can mental health professionals diagnose someone based on a body of emails?
Can all personal issues be broken into smaller manageable components like a mind map? If so, can these components be common across people?
What on earth can cause a person to commit suicide?
Why is it ethically right to blame a psychopath for his/her anti-social condition?
Can being more social and open about my issues help me overcome schizoid personality disorder?
How does the onset of bipolar disorder occur?
Why are some psychopaths self-aware while others aren't?
How do I induce depression in a person?
How can I find and enroll in a medically controlled psilocybin therapy for terminal illness?
Could my former friend be a psychopath?
Is there a part of my brain that, when I remove it, I won't feel depressed again?
My teen daughter is having suicidal thoughts, how can I best love her through this?
Should a person with schizophrenic past live alone?
Is the TV show “13 Reasons Why” trying to justify suicide? If it is, did it succeed?
What should college students do if they have fallen into a state of depression?
Is access bars therapy really effective?
Is there any difference between psychopathy and attachment disorders?
I do not suffer from depression at all. But I've been very sad recently. What can I do?
What is the best remedy for anxiety?
How and why does hereditary depression occur?
What part of brain trainings are used by programming?
When are intrusive thoughts dangerous and why?
What is the mental health outcome of a child born of two parents who both have personality disorders?
What is the most effective way to deal with irrational and emotional feminists when they scream at you in public?
Are there any conditions that are just like psychopathy but aren't?
What is an explanation for how someone could be a supporter of mass murder and not be a psychopath at the same time?
How do I get out of depression and be more motivated about life?
How do I cope in a boarding school?
Why is mental health a taboo subject amongst Tamils?
What causes psychosomatic disorders?
How can I live when I am depressed and bored of this life?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
Do humans have a subconscious mental ability to block physical pain and later remove this block?
What do you do when you have depression and anxiety and you are in a relationship and think things are going wrong all the time?
I get depersonalization and feel like I have lost my personality throughout the day. I can only feel like myself in the evening. What does this mean?
Is there a specific test I can take to see if I have BPD?
Why is it so hard to find a therapist who accepts insurance in SF?
I have heard some people say that racism and homophobia should be treated as mental health problems. Do you agree or disagree with this?
Are the symptoms in the question details indicative of symptoms of depression?
How do I seek help for suicide thoughts if I'm afraid to ask for help?
If you're emotionless but still sane (i.e., you make rational conclusions and don't hear things that aren't there), are you still considered psychopathic?
When do psychopaths first feel that they have created a successful mask?
Does setting a goal improve your mental health?
Is recurring depression the same as bipolar disorder? I'm exhausted from my emotional splitting. What is recurring depression with BPD?
Is it normal to have severe anxiety about how your life has changed postpartum?
Do psychopaths ever cry as a baby/child?
Is anxiety and social anxiety a common comorbid disorder with people who have ASD (Asperger's Syndrome included)?
How are the people who work with those who are mentally disabled affected?
Should someone with self-diagnosed early onset signs of schizophrenia pursue a career in psychiatry or medicine at all?
What are the best ways of dealing with depression-related fatigue or medication-related cognitive fog?
Which is less torturous, mental exhaustion or physical exhaustion?
Should I tell on my first psychiatric appointment what kind of disorders I think I have?
Will the Indian orthodox mentality fade eventually, after the society gets dominated by educated mass?
Why am I mentally confused and having more than one thought at all times?
How do I find coping strategies for dyslexia?
Symptoms like breathing problems when the rise or fall and compressed chest problems are related to what health issues?
Seriously, how much of society is filled with people who have personality disorders?
How come I have social anxiety?
Why doesn't anything, including therapy and meds, help with my borderline personality disorder and bipolar 1?
Will ADHD give you depression?
What is a psychological evaluation like?
Why doesn't my boyfriend act sympathetic towards my eating disorder?
Can a child see who is suffering from blindness due to a lack of cerebrospinal fluid?
How do I stop my depression caused by bad grades and gaming?
What is like when your best friend commit suicide?
Is it possible that feminism is a mental illness?
Does sugar make you stupid?
Can you detect early signs of bipolar, in someone as young as 4?
Do you think Aileen Wuornos was a psychopath?
How does one sustain friends when suffering from a severe mental illness?
Could my recent anxiety be causing my sudden sleepwalking? I havent walked in my sleep since I was a kid, and I'm 39 years old!
I’ve been diagnosed with ADD (ADHD) twice, and I have an insane amount of trouble with routines and organization. Is it the same for everybody else?
Is depression more prevalent in an urban society or is it just more prominent due to the advancements in mental health research?
Do pathological liars end up with anxiety disorders or any other disorder from having to keep track of all of their lies?
What would a race of psychopaths be like?
Does the ability to scream predict longevity in patients with dementia?
Do psychopaths and sociopaths admire malignant narcissists?
Risk is not a choice but a compulsion. Why?
Can the human brain be overloaded? Or is the stress we experience just due to "over stretching" our mental capacity
Can you go to hell if you have evil thoughts because of your OCD?
If the mentally ill are the most vulnerable people in the world, why do mentally healthy people abuse them?
Why does Tubular Bells (1973) cause anxiety to the listener? Is there a psychological effect or just merely an association with horror movies?
Does impatience cause anxiety?
Are there patients who should not be in group therapy?
Where do I find mental healthcare professionals and deep thinkers experienced in the therapeutic application of existentialism?
Can Anyone help me in overcoming suicidal thoughts?
Does certain medicine affect the ability to love a person?
How do I stay sane before I switch households?
Why am I having anxiety issues even though I have nothing to worry about in particular?
Can I still get some rest by lying down & closing my eyes even if I don't fall asleep?
How does a daughter handle a mentally ill mother and an emotionally abusive father who are in their 90's now?
Is there any psychologist who offers free consultation?
How does being depressed affect you?
Can someone be totally healed from anxiety disorder?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
Do psychopaths 'come out' to people in their inner circle? If so, how would that conversation go?
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
Do psychopaths sometimes choose to be with certain people because they like the mask they wear with those people?
If I'm mentally healthy, but I'm usually drawn to people who probably have depression, does it mean I'm not as healthy as I think I am?
My father passed away when I was one year old. I am now 19, am I depressed because he passed away or would I have still been depressed anyway?
I’ve had acne on my back, chest, and jawline for years. Will they ever go away, and what can be the reason?
Within 1 hour of brainstorming and finding a great concept for a book, why do I feel mentally drained?
How should I respond to someone who says he is suffering from OCD?
Can antidepressants/anti-anxiety medication make you physically weaker or lower your adrenaline levels?
How many adults would admit they had killed animals when they were young kids?
Do psychopaths use pseudonyms on Quora?
What is the difference between a neurological and a psychological disorder when using a Venn diagram?
How can I deal with horrifying events only I will suffer from?
How common is it for a therapist to offer a diagnosis to a client?
What is a unique combination of mental disorders?
Can people with anxiety do things they don't want to do? What do you call this?
Why do I get so anxious every time my parents try to set me up?
Can plagiarism cause too much loss to a person? If yes, how?
If we start with a perfect soul, then what is a rational explanation for mental illness?
Can you overcome everything without medication?
Why is psychotherapy or any mental health therapy prevalent in the USA?
Why can't I just look past my anxiety?
Are people with mental health issues deprived of their 2nd and 14th amendment rights due to outdated regulations?
How can I study when my finals are in 2 weeks? I need to start studying, but my anxiety is acting up big time! I can't even pick up a book without getting a panic attack, and I can't understand anything. How can I study normally?
Is a severe lack of motivation for no reason a symptom of ADD or ADHD?
Does being in a frat reduce social anxiety?
Can a person have bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder at the same time?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
What could be causing my body to go all weak? I just can't stop shaking and it makes my vision all black and blurry. I do suffer from anxiety and depression. Could it all be connected?
What could an EQ score of 27/80 mean about someone?
How can I turn my anxiety into excitment?
Did you experience post-PhD depression? If so, how did you overcome it?
Is ASPD the same thing as sociopathy?
Which advices would Athena Walker give to a low-functioning psychopath?
What can one do to be more neurotic?
What are some methods for dealing with/suppressing my scrupulosity?
Is amisulpride (or Solian) used to treat paranoia? And what are other tips to treat paranoia?
Is being bipolar curable?
Is it possible to recover from depersonalization disorder?
How do I confirm that my friend is a socio psychopath?
What should you do if you are paranoid?
Who gives the names to illnesses?
What is something you thought was normal but was disgusting when you thought about it?
How many of you puke from depression?
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
If a person’s happy memories have been deleted, would suicide be seen as a healthy choice?
What are the symptoms for chronic depression?
What are the symptoms or signs of ASPD?
Does tianeptine help with obsessions?
Which specialist deals with the health/diseases of women?
What are the psychological disorders?
How can I remove my depression from my life?
Are those with sexual sadism disorder also sociopaths/psychopaths?
What is the worst kind of depression?
Norwegian Wood (1987 book): Why did Naoko commit suicide?
How could I prevent becoming depressed before bed?
What are the main causes of mental block?
Can mentality help you survive?
What is going on inside my head?
Why do I feel depressed when I do not do what I say I will?
Are some therapists in it for the money?
Are Robert Thompson and Jon Venables psychopaths or sociopaths?
What should I do about the fear of having a stroke and losing the languages I knew and this fear preventing me from learning a new language?
Do people who attempt suicide regret it at the last minute?
Why do people treat people with mental illnesses like trash?
Who is someone who reduces your social anxiety (in the sense that if they approach someone, they reduce your fear of approaching the same person)?
Whenever I wish to learn a course, I don’t complete it. What should I have to follow so that I’ll complete it?
How do you find a therapist in Arizona who’s licensed to do DBT or dialectical behavior therapy?
How do I find patients for my mental health clinic?
Is 'thakradhara' treatment effective in curing anxiety disorders?
We have an HS intern. We think he had a psychotic episode at work on Friday. It was nonviolent but highly unusual. Should we let him back on Monday?
Is it normal to feel anxious randomly?
How does a middle-age man with Asperger’s and severe social anxiety and no social services survive?
Can circumstances make a person psychopathic like The Joker?
What is the best thing that being autistic, or knowing someone with autism, has taught you?
Is BPD considered to be a disability in Ireland?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
Are childhood hallucinations simply a sign that the brain is growing?
How common is it for contrarians to have emotional issues/depression growing up?
What are the best mental tasks to boost and increase intelligence and creativity?
Can a psychopath get mad about a dog being killed?
Can I get a mental health/psychology related job without the proper education?
Do I need therapy? I used to see a therapist but I hated seeing her. Do I need to see her again for therapy?
What is your view on Indian government providing free treatment for AIDS patients, not for other disorders?
Do you have any experience in treating PTSD with EMDR therapy?
How do I cope with severe anxiety after being taken off a benzodiazopine that I've been on for 25 years when no other medication helps?
What are some meditations for severe depression?
What are the possible ways to overcome stagefear?
Is ADHD different for everyone? If so, what are the differences?
Did your life improve after being diagnosed with depression, ADHD/ADD, anxiety, etc.?
How do you know if a therapist is trying to control you?
If there were no alcohol or drugs would there be more or less depression?
Every person is a multi personality. What's your thought?
Does Prozac help relieve any kind of obsessions?
Can a therapist who really knows you do psychedelics to give insights about you?
I have panic attacks when I lay in bed at night. I think about all the ways I have miserably failed at jobs and relationships. Is my life ruined?
How do you get rid of depression and feelings of worthlessness?
How do you learn to form attachments when you have an attachment disorder?
How do I escape? How do I recover from being with someone who is an NPD, or who is a sociopath?
Am I depressed because my father died or am I depressed because it could be genetic?
I have severe depression as I've taken multiple quizzes. What do I do? Do I tell family?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
Should a person with schizophrenia marry?
What would the world be like if psychopathic tendencies are the norm and celebrated?
How do I ace a job interview if I am suffering from depression which is leading to lower self-esteem and no confidence?
Are people with depression more likely to commit crimes than people who are not depressed?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
How do I get a new psychologist (NHS)?
How do psychopaths handle public speaking?
Is it possible that feminism is a mental illness?
Is PTSD an abnormal reaction to trauma?
Have you ever compromised for something/someone physically, mentally, or financially and think that it was all in vain?
What can I do to convince my 42-year-old BPD mom to seek treatment?
What are the implications of psychotherapy?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
What books have helped you better understand or overcome self-harm?
What if a depressed person refuses to consult a doctor and refuses medication?
Can someone *become* a sociopath (or something similar) due to conditioning?
How does one "feel" when they have psychopathy?
What does abandonment feel like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder, psychologically and physically?
I'm 18. I haven't accomplished anything and I am depressed. What should I do?
What kinds of neuropsychological testing should a specialist perform on a potential ADHD patient before they are prescribed Adderall?
I’ve been diagnosed with ADD (ADHD) twice, and I have an insane amount of trouble with routines and organization. Is it the same for everybody else?
How do I stop feeling inferior to others because I have social anxiety?
Has anyone recovered from "blank mind" depersonalization?
My therapist asked me to get my own bedroom, personalize it, and take a photo of it and bring it to him. Is this professional behavior?
Should I work on vulnerability, trust, anxiety and depression with an emotionally focused therapist or an IFS/EMDR therapist?
What should I do about my extreme social anxiety?
How many people reading this have been diagnosed with a Primary Immunodeficiency?
Do psychopaths feel disgusted by things like vomit, feces, or cannibalism?
If a child was raised by parent(s) with a personality disorder, would the child mimic the behaviour of that disorder without having it themselves?
How can someone with PTSD relive an event through a flashback when they wouldn't know what the event was?
Does flat head affect mental ability?
Is anyone in Pakistan living with severe social anxiety disorder?
Why does my natural anxiety get in the way of my acting career?
All of a sudden I've started feeling depressed. What should I do?
Why is being highly creative/intelligent often associated with mental illness?
What's a good way to stop the anxiety-causing thoughts when they come?
Who thinks that Alexis Ren has an eating disorder?
What are the best method of all around rapid mental calculations?
If someone killed a person in a psychopath’s inner circle, would the psychopath kill them, if given the chance? Or would he simply let the authorities handle it?
How do I convince my parents that my depression and anxiety aren’t a choice and that I need therapy before they get worse?
What are unreasonable reasons and unreasonable frequencies of a psychotherapist taking time off? What crosses the line of being unprofessional?
Love is a mental illness that destroys the mind. How can it be cured?
How do people deal with schizophrenia and social life?
Did fMRI & other similar technologies destigmatize psychiatric disorders since we can view them as medical conditions & not the fault of the patient?
How would a psychopath with less of the wiring act?
Is there a relationship between depression and apologizing?
Do psychopaths use pets as implements for their masks?
Why do people glamorize depression?
What does one do if one does not have the resources to cope with stress?
Did humans invent emotion?
What can I do to reduce paranoia while taking cocaine?
How old do I have to be to get diagnosed with ASPD?
Does someone on antidepressants behave like a mental person?
Is going through depression a spiritual and karmic test?
Are there any good psychotherapists in Delhi?
How can those who have mental disorders understand spirituality?
How is mental illness more dangerous than physical illness?
What do people who use mental health services like to be called, e.g. consumer, patient or client?
Can anxiety and depression turn in to bipolar if something triggers it?
How can one remove depression when one is away from home?
Can I be highly intelligent without a high education?
Does staying in a mental hospital affect my reputation/record? How could that affect my future?
Is Pranic Healing effective in curing social anxiety?
Where are some groups for people with bipolar disorder?
I want do be put in psychiatric hold so someone will finally see I have a problem with depression and maybe bipolar 2. Should I do it? If so how?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
What is the name for the mental illness or depression that immigrants experience?
How do you get a depressed person to talk to you, especially if it's your mother-in-law?
What do I do about all of my anxiety?
Can cheek dimples appear later in life?
When I'm depressed I find it difficult to think through complex issues and to inhibit negative thoughts, how do I remedy this?
Why do INFJ personalities have depression and other mental health issues?
So, how severe can ornithophobia become and what are the useful methods to overcome it?
Why do I get so anxious every time my parents try to set me up?
What medications are prescribed when a person suffers from PTSD and severe anxiety?
When does the heartbeat of psychotic people get faster?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow about whether I have depression what do I say?
How do I "break up" with my psychologist or therapist if I think it's not a good fit?
Being a victim of a Vyapam scandal is driving me crazy; I'm frustrated and depressed. I'm 23 and I have no degree. What should I do?
How do I get better grades in high school and stop being depressed about them?
How can I get over reading about OCD?
How do I approach or set up an appointment for bipolar disorder? I was diagnosed in 2013, but I never continued treatment.
What is the scope for speech therapy?
Which practice management software packages do psychotherapists/psychologists use, and what do they think of them?
What could be the possible reason for aspirants to commit suicide after failing the JEE? Isn't there life outside the JEE?
Can shadow work or working with the shadow self help cure intrusive thoughts?
As a mental health professional, what are some key things you do for self-care?
Does being in a mental hospital benefit the patient?
Where can I find a good psychologist in Jaipur for eating disorders?
What is your experience with learning how to write with your non-dominant hand and how has it affected your life?
Is there any part of psychopathy that psychopaths would change? If they were reborn, would they choose to be a psychopath or neurotypical?
Do psychopaths think they would be as successful as they are right now if they hadn't been born psychopaths?
What poems are representative of the subject of mental illness?
Is it normal for a therapist to look concerned when a client has a drastic personality change?
What is anger disorder? How can I help my brother in it?
What are people depressed about?
How can I keep nicotine from causing me anxiety?
What are some examples of sociopathic tendencies?
I have depression and anxiety, and I failed out of college. What do I do now?
Can a T.B.I. cause schizophrenia or a psychosis?
Why does love feel like I didn't take my anxiety meds?
Just how mentally ill do psychologists and therapists believe Trump to be?
Why do I get depressed before going out?
Are there psychopaths who don't wear masks?
I have a feeling that people are criticizing me in their heads. Is it paranoia or social anxiety?
What are some jobs for mental health counselors that are not in health care?
If psychopaths have no emotions, how do they feel when they achieve what they want?
Does the government offer medical licenses to aspirants who are diagnosed with psychiatric conditions?
What is the best advice you can give to future mental health counselors to be effective in their work? What skills do I need to stand out to clients?
I have antisocial traits. How would I get along with a psychopath?
What are some common traits that people confuse between psychopaths and sociopaths?
How should I overcome depression due to low marks in the NEET 2017?
Is it normal to have memory problems with bipolar? Sometimes I don't know that I did something a week ago or that I wrote things to people and now I can't remember.
What should you do if you are paranoid?
How would you deal with living with a depressed, suffering flat mate who does not engage in social norms?
Have you ever wished for depression? Why or why not?
Is it possible that my OCD is getting worse even if my mood is getting a lot better?
How do I deal with my depression caused by my exam results?
Do you have any advice for an adult waiting on a diagnosis of autism?
Which movies can help me feel better during a depressive episode?
Could bipolar disorder and GAD cause one’s personality type to alternate between ENTP and ENFP?
Do exceptionally-healthy people have a higher incidence of dementia?
Have any of you ever dealt with extreme OCD with delusions, and do the delusions ever go away?
What would be safe to take for ADD, anxiety, focus and depression?
Can caffeine be used to treat ADHD in nursing mothers who were diagnosed after having children?
How do I deal with panic attacks? I am looking for something which helps permanently and not temporarily. Is there a permanent solution to stop having them?
How do I know if it’s depression or bipolar issues?
Is it normal to be depressed and self-conscious even though you've never been bullied?
Can sodium nitroprusside be used safely in the routine treatment of schizophrenia?
I just lost my job, my mom is dead, I've been going through mental problems. What should I do?
Why is sleep so important for someone who has bipolar disorder?
Why aren't we the same person mentally that we were say even 5 minutes ago?
How could I prevent becoming depressed before bed?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
How does psychopathy work with twins?
Can getting raped and molested as a child cause bipolar disorder later in life?
How do I learn to cope with my BPD?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
How can panic be differentiated from depression?
Is it possible to mentally prepare yourself for death?
How can I deal with stress, depression and boredom?
Have you heard of a propofol pill used to help with trauma and PTSD from narcissistic abuse?
How do I regain the emotional connection with people again after recovering from depression?
Could my former friend be a psychopath?
How would a sociopath with comorbid BPD look like?
Is the TV show “13 Reasons Why” trying to justify suicide? If it is, did it succeed?
How do I deal with a psychopathic professor?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
What should college students do if they have fallen into a state of depression?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
How did you react to your parents death?
How can I help a friend who might be depressed?
Is tardive dyskinesia reversible?
How can I maintain purpose in my life as an introverted (relatively successful) university student (who also has tinnitus/chronic depression)?
What is the best cure for 'Performance anxiety'?
How long does paranoia last in a bipolar disorder?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about suicide?
How did James Fallon control his psychopathy?
If a man was born mentally normal but stressful and traumatic events changed him, can he change back? If so, how?
I was left by a woman who couldn't understand that all I wanted was a trustworthy and loyal partner. Could my BPD been the cause of her infidelity?
I'm a "high" functioning BPD middle aged man. Is there anyone of any disorder that will functionally have a relationship with me?
What should be done when a person is mentally drained out and they are not getting enough care from their family?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
Are psychiatrists really aware of how detrimental the side effects of antidepressants are?
Why is mental health a taboo subject amongst Tamils?
What brought you to depression, can you talk about it and would you dare to share your story?
Is Neurofeedback (to treat anxiety) safe?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
Should we really care if people get "triggered" by media or content?
Do we have any responsibility towards depressive people, and how do we fulfill this?
Is it any better or worse for recovery to try and resist the symptoms of drug-induced movement disorders?
What should I do about my depression symptoms? Should I seek medical help?
How do depressed people know about cutting?
What is “meditation”? How does meditation work for mental stress and depression?
Can I get over PTSD and anxiety without medication?
What is your view on Indian government providing free treatment for AIDS patients, not for other disorders?
What depression medications are you on?
My father is schizophrenic, what will happen to me?
I'm in a good place - how do I stop letting my depression take over?
How do you make yourself not depressed anymore?
What are the difference between ASD, ADHD, ADD, OCD and ADHS?
How can one become a monk? Is it the displeasure for worldliness or is it simply another phase of depression that leads one to think that way?
How can I overcome shaking anxiety when getting an eye exam, getting a hair cut, or taking pictures (by another person)?
Is it better to be physically safe or mentally safe?
How can I find online help for depression?
In substance abuse disorders, what is the illness and what is treated? Why do the majority relapse?
How do other people really look at mentally ill people?
How do I deal with the depression of a bad exam?
As a senior, what is the best strategy to maximize my mental acuity?
What's that mental state called where you get a sudden rush of excitement?
Can a person be both bipolar and schizophrenic?
Are you an entrepreneur experiencing health issues such as chronic fatigue, depression, anxiety?
Why do some specialists give titles to the people that are suffering from a mental disorder if behaviours are changeable by own good will?
What are some learning strategies for veteran students with TBI and PTSD?
Is there a correlation between MBTI type and mental illness (ENFP and ADHD primarily)?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
Is schizophrenia a mental disability or a mental illness?
Is failure to launch considered a mental disorder?
Will the Indian orthodox mentality fade eventually, after the society gets dominated by educated mass?
Do people with bipolar disorder views others with disdain during grandiosity?
Has anyone ever been insanely manipulated by a psychopath? I ruined my life trying to help someone who is beyond help.
How effective is exposure therapy?
I am getting depressed due to my parents. They treat me so badly. What should I do?
Why do I remain confused and do silly mistakes? Is it any medical or psychological problem?
How am I supposed to take care of my physical and mental self when I have no money?
Would a female psychopath be more likely to be murdered by an abusive male due to her lack of fear?
How do I help myself? I have BPD with reoccurring depression & no support or family, and I'm struggling to stay alive.
Why do most normal people not care about depressed people, even when they are very close relatives or friends?
If someone assaults someone because they are mentally disabled, would the charges be any different?
Is creativity more common among bipolar 1 disorder or bipolar 2 disorder?
This world is conditional, and we are only wanted if we are useful, so how can someone be labeled as "depressed," when it makes sense to feel down about life?
How can one deal with siblings who talk down to you, or bully you, because of past mental health issues?
I was recently diagnosed with NPD and AVPD. How can I maintain relationships and keep this from ruining my life?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Is there anyone who took PCM by choice, but got depressed in 12th due to consistent falldowns?
How do people deal with mental health problems?
What is the one thing/habit that always comes around continuously and makes you depressed/sad/worn out?
Should I tell my teacher I am depressed?
What should someone do when they become depressed because of their life?
What are some drugs used to make mental patients sleep?
Whenever I return to my hometown for any length of time, I become overcome with depression. Is this a common phenomenon?
If you tell a psychologist that you’re suicidal, can they place you in a psych ward?
How do I deal with anxiety before the exam results declaration?
How long will it take me to get extremely skinny and sick looking?
Why do I hear voices in my head just when I'm about to sleep?
Should I see a therapist for occasional depression/grief and insecurity in relationships?
How do I face reality and quit imagining fantasy and impossible scenarios?
Is it common in unipolar depression for the person to feel better during the evenings and nights and worse in the mornings and most of the day?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
I feel like I'm becoming less intelligent over time. Is this a form of mental illness?
How do I help my depressed brother?
Would you date someone who tried to commit suicide in their past?
Should I feel depressed about graduating?
How do I stop myself from worrying that I might have cancer, which causes a lot of anxiety?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
Is necrophilia a mental disorder?
I am depressed at school, what can I do?
How do I overcome anxiety as a teen?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
Does impatience cause anxiety?
What is the relationship between synchronicity and personality disorders, like BPD?
From any TV show, which characters do you believe have psychological disorders and why?
How do you deal with (resolve) walking depression?
Does anti-psychotic medication actually cure the problem, or does it just "mask " the illness to make a human seem "normal " in society's eyes?
Why do I "get depressed" when I'm alone?
Has burnout been classified as a medical condition or a mental illness? If not why not?
Does suicide occur with animals? If so, is it usually rooted in depression and being unhappy?
I have a felony record, I suffer from bipolar, and I'm 20, can I save the world?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
Can anxiety cause itching?
What drives those with PTSD to kill?
How do you know if you're in a psychopath's inner circle?
Who are the most popular psychologists that work with patients?
How do I know if my dysphagia is a sign of a physical or a mental problem?
What are the drugs for social anxiety?
What can you do if you are scared of what to do when graduating/what to study, of getting depressed in post-secondary, and/or other fears?
Can a person have both bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder at same time?
Statistically speaking, what percentage of homeless people have a mental illness?
I’m going through depression. I have really mean classmates. I feel suicidal. No one gets how I feel. How to I stop this from affecting my studies?
What medical tests exist for 'cured' for illnesses not caused by a parasite?
Why should I live if mental illness ruined my life?
How do I handle depression and suicidal thoughts during pregnancy as a single mother?
Do psychopaths like seeing gory websites?
How would a narcissist survive in solitary confinement?
How do I know if a sociopath is done with me?
Does depression cause you to experience feelings of shame and other upsetting emotions without outside provocation?
If doctors were diagnosed with their specialty, how would they want to be treated physically, emotionally, and mentally?
Can a psychopath have depression induced by substance abuse or addiction?
Can I get some opinions on whether I should seek help?
Why is psychotherapy or any mental health therapy prevalent in the USA?
What are the best solutions to overcome social anxiety?
Is Sense8 about something that is kind of like DID (dissociative identity disorder), but in reverse?
Why hasn't my mother been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
What kind of qualities do you see in psychopaths or sociopaths that you wish you had?
What can I do to get over my anxiety of flying and have a safe, comfortable flight?
Can a therapist see that I have antisocial traits?
Can an autistic person become a therapist?
Can people have to much stress to lead to a breaking point?
How should I tackle terrible social anxiety in university?
After treatment starts for bipolar disorder, is it normal for hazy memories and situations from the past to become clearer?
If someone told a therapist that they had been spoken to by god, how would they be diagnosed?
How effective is SAM-e for treating anxiety?
How do I stop feeling depressed cause of the world around me?
What happens to one’s body if it gets too little sleep (too few hours) for a longer time frame?
Does sex cure depression?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
What advice would you give a 200lb woman struggling with chronic depression and eating disorder?
How do you cope with depression and NPD?
How do you think would an ENTP-A and a Narcisst/Sociopath/Psychopath get along?
Do psychopaths ever commit/consider suicide?
Can you get into the military if you have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder?
What happens to your brain if you have been depressed for a long time?
Will I get a panic attack if I drink alcohol?
Is retardation only negative?
How can I check to see if my mental health is good?
How do you tell your boss you have mental illness and still hope to keep your job?
Is Trump suffering from dementia?
Are narcissists patient when targeting their victims?
How do I confirm that my friend is a socio psychopath?
How do makers of apps & digital services for people with depression design to keep those depressed people from simply retreating into the technology?
Who is qualified to treat depression, and how is it treated?
How can I prepare myself mentally for sharing a bed with strangers?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
Do covert narcissists really think THEY are the ones being subjected to toxic, gaslighting, crazy making people or do they know they are projecting?
Where I can found society of mental brahmacharis?
Is it possible that my OCD is causing me to obsess about people from my past?
Do you know people who suffer from the so-called "God complex"?
Every single test I took online says that I have severe depression. I don't want to take any meds due to the side effects. How do I explain this to my doctor?
Is suicide the answer to severe anxiety?
What do psychopaths think of childhood abuse?
How are the different types of mental disorders treated?
How can people with borderline personality disorder handle the death of a loved one?
Can mental health professionals diagnose someone based on a body of emails?
Trump has worsen my mental illnesses, can I sue him?
My parents don't believe I'm depressed. What do I do?
Has suffering from depression changed?
If I call 911 and tell them I am going insane and going to kill myself, will I have to speak to my parents before going to a hospital?
Why do auditory hallucinations happen?
Why do I start feeling depressed if I don't do something crazy?
If a person with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how would the relationship play out?
How have people cured their social anxiety?
What are people’s experiences with recovering from overtraining syndrome?
I'm in a relationship with someone who is suicidal and depressed, but I want a breakup. What do I say?
Why does anxiety cause tiredness?
When people say mentally and physically, can't you just say physically?
How could anyone have believed that D'angelo Barksdale committed suicide after seeing the crime scene?
How common is it for someone with bipolar disorder to have psychosis and paranoia?
Given that children change throughout the maturing process, can we see if a child will develop into a full-blown narcissist adult?
Will a separation from your parents help you to get over depression?
May is Mental Health Month, so why place a label on people? Why is there such a stigma?
Who is the most mentally strong person you know and why?
Is there a rehabilitation center in B. M. Institute of Mental Health, Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Does smoking cannabis cause psychosis in bipolar 2 disorder?
Why are so many people becoming so sensitive about life and relationships (both physically and mentally) and committing suicide nowadays?
Is stress good for students? How do you cope with it effectively?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
Why does Quora act like a therapist?
Are there any bipolar disorder sufferers who underwent psychoanalysis or psychodynamic therapy and, if so, what is your experience?
After the discard stage, do narcissists treat their victims as if they were the narcissist?
If a person with a borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how does the relationship play out?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
Is anxiety linked to baldness?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
Why am I always anxious when I take notes?
How do I cope in a boarding school?
What is the best thing that being autistic, or knowing someone with autism, has taught you?
Can depression be completely cured? If yes, how did you realize that you are absolutely fine?
How much time does it take to diagnose HFA?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
My brother is going away for college and I can't help but to feel very depressed. How do I deal with this change?
Why are psychopaths attracted to careers in mental health?
Why do psychopaths go to therapy?
What are the signs of a personality disorder in a 50 year old male?
Is there a difference between depression and major depressive disorder or MDD?
What should I tell to the counselor about my depression?
How do I get over anxiety and increase my confidence about driving?
How does depression in a spouse lead to divorce?
What's the best way to find a psychologist?
How can I ensure my overall mental development?
People with BPD see in black or white. Is there a disorder where someone can only see in the gray area?
What would a psychopath do if someone is turning people against them using the Internet?
How do you deal with anxiety and depression syndrome?
What mental disorder would you consider that the person in this case study has?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
Can a child be a psychopath?
Can PCOS cause depression?
Are people with NPD and/or BPD capable of sentimentality? Is it common for them to reminisce?
How do you deal with a manic depressive?
Is numbness a sign of mania?
How do I stop being an anxiety ridden mess?
How would I start my fresh life after lots of depression?
What can I do for someone who has depression?
Can someone be asocial, shy and introverted and not have schizoid personality disorder?
How do I protect my Mental Health from the trump administration?
Can people become psychopaths eventually, as opposed to being born as such?
I hate my PhD advisor, because he does not appreciate me. How do I stop getting affected by him so much?
Has anyone ever scored the maximum points on a depression test?
Does a schizophrenic drawing what is in their mind help them understand themselves?
Should an adult autistic who lives independently without supervision attend day programs just to "make friends with other autistic people"?
Why can't I focus on my schoolwork?
In theory at least, do we all have mental health problems?
What are the chances of someone having bipolar disorder if one of his parents have it?
Self pity seems a self defeating behavior. How can someone be encouraged to break free of it? Thinking mainly of people with personality disorders.
Why are many school shooters labeled as psychopaths/sociopaths?
As a psychopath, what are your greatest pleasures in life?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
What would the world be like if psychopathic tendencies are the norm and celebrated?
How do you cope with a mad, psychotic person?
Why does rain make me depressed? How do I get over it?
Is 'compulsive lying' a medical disorder?
What do people with OCD hate about their OCD thoughts?
How would Alzheimer's be different for a psychopath?
Can spirituality cause derealization?
Why do people in India neglect mental health and visiting a psychiatrist is considered more of a taboo?
Do you think Aileen Wuornos was a psychopath?
Would a narcissist commit suicide?
What do psychopaths think about Adolf Hitler?
If some person came down from the sky, is it statistically and logically more likely it was merely a person from a more advanced world visiting Earth?
Why am I so addicted to procrastination?
Is it possible to develop psychopathic traits as a response to your environment?
I am lonely and depressed, would you help me?
Could depression be rooted in lack of gratitude?
Is being a counselor a viable career option for someone suffering depression or anxiety?
Is it possible to engage in eating disorder behaviors with without actually having one?
How do people consume high THC marijuana without having anxiety/panic attacks?
How many people suffer from tick borne Alpha-Gal in the USA?
I turned 30 2 months ago and I'm still depressed about getting old. What should I do?
How do you deal with anxiety and its effects?
What if the Bible, creates mental illness?
Why do I feel depressed when I lose in a giveaway everytime?
Can lack of control of something in life lead to depression?
If I call 911 saying I am going insane, how long will I be in a mental hospital if I tell them I will hurt myself if they let me go?
What happens when a person with HPD/BPD is told what they are? It does not seem as if they realize that their behavior is abnormal, annoying and often disgusting.
What are the different types of mental disorders?
Do people with bipolar disorder dislike those who can't identify other people?
How can I prevent acute stress disorder?
Is there a mental state where the patient has two personalities and one of them takes care of the other?
What do you do when a therapist asks you to do an assignment, but you can't do it? Am I failing therapy?
What is a psychopath with blindsight like?
Do you know a story of a mentally weak/naive person who became strong?
Does depression impair working memory?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
What are the best methods to refresh your brain to its initial max capacity from a depressed state?
How do I help my suicidal and depressed brother?
Are all drug induced psychotic episodes due to mental illness?
What specific gene is involved in psychopathy?
Does anyone find it ironic that Congresswoman Waters continues to say that a lot of conservatives have real mental problems?
What are the things, a manager mentally equips himself with just before he takes charge?
Is depression a disease or a psychological concept?
How can you tell a jerk from a narcissist?
What causes mild paranoid schizophrenia?
Is it bad to always fantasize about a new life when I am too depressed?
What is the difference between a neurological and a psychological disorder when using a Venn diagram?
Did human invent fear?
My husband committed suicide recently. I need therapy and meds. Are there psychologists or psychiatrists that you can talk to via phone?
Can OCD be treated with medication?
How long can a person with bipolar disorder be active before he becomes completely disabled?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
How do I deal with my sociopathic tendencies?
Without having a mental illness, what are other reasons a person might experience "voices"?
Can you overcome everything without medication?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
What feeling do psychopaths have if someone is threatening to make them blind and cut both of their hands and both of their legs, and the threat is real?
How does one cope with stress in law school?
How do people with PTSD concentrate?
Does music play on repeat in the head of an autistic person more severely the more anxious they become?
Why doesn't the mental health system work?
Can a mental health professional answer my questions about the treatment of depression with ayahuasca?
How can I stop feeling like an anxious little child and grow up?
Is this depression or anxiety I always feel restless and feel like crying?
What is the savest and "easiest" way to commit suicide?
What is the treatment for schizoid personality disorder like?
How can I hide from others that I'm a psychopath?
Why do I miss being depressed?
Can I live a good, meaningful life without meditating?
How can I turn my anxiety into excitment?
Should psychopaths who have committed violent crimes be held accountable for them?
How do I reduce anxiety in exams?
What sort of hallucinations have you had with bipolar psychosis? Can you see the same things or people over and over?
Why does codeine cause anxiety?
How do I recover from big hetination?
How do I stop being a jerk when I am depressed?
How can I get medication for ADD?
How can I defend myself from someone with a borderline personality disorder?
What are some ways to tell whether someone has mental health issues?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
Does being on the methadone program cause depression?
After 42 years, is it normal to become so sick of my BPD and the damage I do that suicide is the only solution for relief?
Have you ever had a miraculous recovery from an illness?
Is there anyone here on Quora who can help me overcome depression?
What are the things that you can do to improve yourself physically and mentally?
How do you perceive people with BPD?
What drugs can make someone mentally ill?
Which specialist deals with the health/diseases of women?
Why does my therapist not understand that I don't want to treat my ASPD?
How do I cure my social anxiety disorder?
Why do people suffering from anxiety fear they have gone crazy and are just hallucinating their whole life?
When I read on Quora, it seems to me that everyone is so knowledgeable and I don't know anything, I feel depressed sometimes. What should I do?
What's teen life like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder?
What is the one word for physically present in one place and mentally somewhere else?
Can a person have both schizoid and avoidant personality disorder?
What topic should I choose for my final essay about mental disorders?
How can I deal with attention deficit disorder as a student?
How is meditation viewed in religion?
Have you ever been in a relationship with someone that had a mental disorder?
I feel highly depressed ATM. I tried to find something to bring me out of darkness, but nothing worked. What should I do now?
Is it common for psychopaths to break out in full blown night sweats and drench the bedsheets?
Can mentality help you survive?
Did people start circumcising boys because a lack of sex education and/or hygiene made foreskins prone to illness/injury?
What is the most severe thing a bipolar/schizophrenic person has ever done to you?
What is the likely cause of lethargy barring any grave illness in an otherwise functioning individual?
Why do psychopaths stare so intently?
How is a separation anxiety disorder diagnosed?
Is there a part of my brain that, when I remove it, I won't feel depressed again?
Believers in which religion are least likely to commit suicide?
I'm homeschooled, have social anxiety, and live in a small town where not many things are available. What do I do?
Is there any other way for people with depression to feel better rather than go to psychiatrists?
Was Keith Moon ever diagnosed with mental illness?
How can I deal with anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, PTSD, being an introvert and shy?
Is there any way to convince a hostile sociopath to get treatment?
How likely are schizophrenics and others who have an auditory hallucination to commit suicide, statistically?
What should I do to stop being suicidal and depressed all the time?
I do not suffer from depression at all. But I've been very sad recently. What can I do?
What are some uncommon psychological disorders?
How do I stop kids at my school from making fun of my depression (they tend to mock it)?
What was your time like in a children’s psychiatric unit?
How can I tell if I suffer with BPD rather than just a preoccupied attachment style?
How can I cope up with adult separation anxiety?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
Do people in prodromal phase of Schizophrenia know that they are getting sick?
Are criminally insane and mentally ill people (who haven't committed an offence) sent to the same hospitals?
Why do people want to be psychopaths? Or have any mental illness for that matter?
How is mental repression explained in psychology?
Are people with BPD dangerous?
Who is coping with a mental disorder? How old are you? What is it and how do you cope?
How can I move from a mental health job to a corporate job?
If, starting at 12 years, a child is told throughout their adolescence that they have depression, will they eventually have clinical depression?
Are there any success cases of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)?
Can weed trigger anxiety problems that would last for months?
Where do I draw the line between introspection and staying in my head?
Why does sleep deprivation help depression?
Shouldn't the addiction that many people have to their cell phones be considered a mental illness?
Is suicide illegal where you live? If so, how do people get help there?
Is it possible that part of my subconscious is depressed, while the rest of me is mentally healthy?
How do narcissists know to select people who cannot defend their personal boundaries?
If a job application asks if I have a mental illness, should I be honest or lie and tick no?
I've been having some anxiety issues since last year though I don't think I need to consult a doctor for this. How can I get over this?
Is there a nice psychopath?
What should I do to get rid of loneliness? How can I learn to control it mentally?
How do I help someone with body dysmorphic disorder?
Can meditation make you insane and mental?
Psychopaths, has someone ever seen through your mask? If so, how did you react?
How do you deal with anxiety and being ridiculed because you are trans?
What are different ways to commit suicide?
How can I identify harmful internalized thoughts?
Do the police in America (the NYPD, for example) accept candidates with mental health issues?
Why do people hurt, mentally & emotionally?
What are some simple tricks deal with anxiety?
Can getting made fun of too much cause mental illness?
Is this PTSD or self obsession? I am a survivor of CSA and can't stop the events and details of the abuse from playing in my head.
How can a person suffering from bipolar 2 take decisions and control his life?
What could this mental illness be?
If you have a mental illness, how do you train your mind to be tough?
How common is it for abusive parents to have their children misdiagnosed with mental illnesses as a method of avoiding responsibility?
Is it possible to have mild bipolar or anxiety?
How can I convince my mom to get help for her mental illness?
What is separation anxiety and how do you treat it?
Can a person who is bipolar ever see the real truth?
Can a person take yogurt when he/she is suffering from psoriasis?
Are there some people that therapy cannot help/ some mental illnesses that cannot be eliminated?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
What is the best thing I can do to ease the feeling of people with depression or anxiety?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
Does sugar make you stupid?
Why does clinical depression happen?
What rights (or lack thereof) does an employee on short-term disability, denied LTD based upon it being a pre-existing mental illness, have?
When schizophrenics are in a psychotic state, does part of them realize that what they're thinking isn't rational?
Do you think psychopaths use Quora to refine their masks and if so why? If they allowed themselves free reign would law-abiding psychopaths kill?
Is a psychiatrist better at diagnosing mental illness than a layman?
How does a phobic neurosis occur?
Is OCD one of the worst mental diseases?
What does the mental developmental index mean?
What is the difference between obsession, depressive rumination and delusions?
How can you study without feeling depressed?
How do I tell my parents about my mental health issues?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
What is decompensation in mental health?
Is anxiety disorder generally followed by depression?
Is it just depression if you have absolutely no will to live?
What is known as the study of emotions?
If you wrote a letter to eating disorders, what would it say?
What causes panic attacks and depression in mid-relationship crisis?
Is medication necessary for BPD?
How can I explain to my mother that I'm suffering from misophonia?
What are the ways to overcome depression after failing consecutive exams even after working hard for it?
When should I seek further help with my depression and anxiety?
My parents abused me to the point of wanting to commit suicide and murder. Now that I have money should I share my wealth?
Would asking for help for my mental health issues be remotely worth it considering my situation?
How do you warn someone, who is a decent human being, that they’re involved with a narcissist?
Are anxiety and social anxiety common comorbid disorders in people who have ASD (Asperger syndrome included)?
What is the quickest way to commit suicide?
Why do you get depression despite coming from an affluent family and having all the luxuries, the love and affection of everyone, and a good income?
How do I deal with night time anxiety?
Do people with borderline personality disorder get very jealous?
Does masturbation affect mental activity?
How do you really know you have depression?
How competitive are psychopaths?
Why am I feeling anxiety about a kiss I did not consent to?
Can I end my OCD completely?
Why does BC have the highest number of hospital visits due to mental illness?
How can you manage intense anxiety when you cannot stop the forces causing it?
Will my marks increase or decrease after verification in SSC?
What are some facts of teenage depression?
Other than taking melatonin, how can I deal with extreme anxiety?
Can all neurological disorders cause asphsia and are all neurological disorders classed as brain damage?
Am I bipolar? Sometimes, out of nowhere certain things trigger severe depression and wouldn't go away the whole day.
How do I deal with anxious partner?
Will a person with ankylosing spondylitis become disabled & bend forward eventually?
Has anyone overcome social anxiety? If so, how?
Do your body movements respond to OCD intrusive thoughts?
Would it make sense to prescribe someone with mixed depression/anxiety a stimulant like amphetamine plus a non sedating anxyolitic such as buspirone?
My sister is the reason behind my depression and suicide attempts. What should I do?
I understand the symptoms of borderline personality disorder; but how did it get its definition nomenclature?
Do all people with borderline suffer from a depression?
How can I be sure I am seeing the right therapist?
Would a psychopath make a good director?
Is the contemplation of the meaninglessness of existence an effective cure for depression and embarrassment?
Recently, another student committed suicide in Kota. What are your views on this incident?
Did you struggle with depression as a teenager? Do you feel you still battle it as an adult?
Is it possible for me to overcome severe depression caused by ragging?
Was Churchill a sociopath?
What are some specific topics to discuss with a male psychologist when you're a guy and suffer from PTSD?
Is mental ability also a part of BITSAT?
After taking care of ill parents, I became mentally ill. What should I do?
Can you get your looks back after depression?
How do I cram 2 days before finals and not have panic attacks?
Are people with mental health issues deprived of their 2nd and 14th amendment rights due to outdated regulations?
Why does megaloblastic anemia cause hallucinations?
Why are the mentally ill considered the bad guys?
I don't know who to go to for my depression. Who should I approach?
Is a severe lack of motivation for no reason a symptom of ADD or ADHD?
Is Onision a psychopath?
Was Manson psychotic or possessed?
When adversities mentally pressure us, what mental processes get affected? For example, 'thinking' and 'understanding' are not that easy for me when under mental pressure.
Why are narcissists untrustworthy?
Does masturbation cause hair loss and mental fatigue? If yes, then how do I get rid of this?
Is It possible for someone whos been diagnosed with bipolar to also have NPD?
Are people with low EQ easier to suffer from depression?
What are some strategies to have better resistance to mental abuse?
Does Ayahuasca cure anxiety?
Can God take away my anxiety?
Do we have an online bipolar help?
Why do I get filled with negativity on certain days/times of the week?
I feel like I'm losing my mind. Does one know when they are on the verge of insanity?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
How do people deal with having a chronic illness?
Do therapists recommended different clothing to their patients?
How many different types of narcissism are there and what are they?
What is the relationship between being a talented artist and depression?
My mom thinks that diet and exercise will prevent a psychotic episode. She thinks a lot is in my control. I have schizophreniform. What do you think?
How can I meet someone with a dissociative identity disorder?
Is spring anxiety (seasonal anxiety) a thing?
Are there any respected psychologists and biologists who still believe that homosexuality is a disorder?
Which zodiac signs are likely to be psychopaths and sociopaths?
Would a sociopath make a great psychologist?
How long did it take you to really "see" all the symptoms and behaviors of your mental health diagnosis?
What are the ways to curb social illness (in general)?
Are there any ayurvedic medicines for depression/anxiety/mental wellness?
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
Does watching disgusting films make you mentally ill?
Is having a quiet voice caused by internal fear / anxiety?
How can we get longterm relief from depression without medication?
How can I work while being depressed?
Every social interaction I have is fake on my end (not manipulation, I could just care less) is this similar to psychopathy or sociopathy?
Should I go to a therapist and how can I tell my parents?
Is it possible to have antisocial personality disorder and be successful?
Do some people with ASPD want to be a neutrotyical?
How can I remove my depression from my life?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Bangalore for a schizophrenic patient?
What is the most relaxing and soothing light for my room? Are there lightbulbs that I can buy that create a mental state?
Is there anywhere I can upload my professional and personal profile and seek feedback for entering entrepreneurship?
How do I deal with my husband's extreme sloppiness?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
How can you tell if a cat is mentally challenged?
Why is it ethically right to blame a psychopath for his/her anti-social condition?
How do I get therapy without my parents finding out in India?
Is there a way to do math mentally for those who are handicapped that they cannot write?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
Should I go school camping when I am going through depression?
How come my mother displayed narcissistic behavior to my husband and not to other people?
I have to do an assessment for my mental health. What will happen if I don’t go?
What if the voices in my head tell me they're not real, but just a product of a mental condition?
How do I beat exam stress?
How do guys feel about dating girls with mental illnesses?
Is it normal to constantly and uncontrollably have a crush? Could it be a disorder?
How do I help someone in my family circle that I suspect of having borderline personality disorder?
Are some therapists in it for the money?
Do all alcoholics have memory problems?
Under what circumstances and to whom do people with intermittent explosive disorder act with fury?
How do I know if I damaged myself by taking a low dose of risperidone for 5 months?
How do you handle stress when you have clinical anxiety?
Can you turn yourself into a sociopath, or at least, a cold blooded, heartless person?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
Has Ronald Bartetzko suffered from PTSD after the wars he has fought? If so, how has he coped with it?
What have been the most helpful words or deeds in helping you to overcome mental problems?
Will I ever stop being so anxious?
Should I go to school when my anxiety has flared up?
What's the difference between paranoia and persecutory delusions?
Is there any difference between psychopathy and attachment disorders?
How can I stay mentally prepared for a mental test without getting tired?
What is schizophrenia, and is it a disorder?
What is a possible way out of a mental prison regardless of the issue?
What are the risks of exaggerating bisexuality in oneself as a form of exposure therapy?
What are the main challenges with patient feedback in mental health services?
What benefits have you noticed—physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually—from doing the Kuji-in? And how long have you been doing them?
Is memory loss common for people who have bipolar disorder in the manic phase?
What are some of the best research papers into the effects of cannabis use on the mental health of adolescents?
Can crazy people ever become sane again?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
What should a patient with autonomic disorders and anxiety disorders do?
What are some good books about ASPD?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Are some people born with a tendancy to develop ADHD?
What is the best way to commit suicide and not die?
Are mental disorders only triggered by trauma?
Does seeing a therapist and taking antidepressants help depression and anxiety?
I get depersonalization and feel like I have lost my personality throughout the day. I can only feel like myself in the evening. What does this mean?
Are there any realistic TV shows that take place in psychiatric hospitals? If not, why so?
A therapist withdrew from my BPD child, and now my child hates me. Why?
How do Psychopaths see their own "friends"?
What's the difference between someone with ASPD and someone with social anxiety and depression?
Is craniosacral therapy real?
What are the characteristics of mental repression?
How do I tell if I have depression?
How long do people go see a psychiatrist?
What is the fastest way to get diagnosed? In Fresno California I have anxiety, social anxiety etc.
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
Are there any subtypes to sociopathy/psychopathy?
Is there anyway to find out if I am mentally weak?
What is a panic attack on a website? How do you do a panic attack?
How will I tell my parents that I am sad or nearly depressed and I seek counseling?
What are the possible ways to overcome stagefear?
Psychopathy and Asperger’s seem to have a lot of common traits. Do you think they are variants of the same condition?
Should we feel sorry for psychopaths?
Is it bad if I hold back urges to yell out of frustration?
Is anxiety and social anxiety a common comorbid disorder with people who have ASD (Asperger's Syndrome included)?
How do I test for bipolar depression symptoms?
Have you visited a psychiatric ward/hospital? If yes, how does it change your perception of people who has mental/personality disorder?
Where can I find a therapist in NYC to help me deal with several psycho-sexual and dating hangups that I have?
Do psychopaths or sociopaths ever feel nervous when it comes to their own self? If yes, in what situations?
What are some treatments for social anxiety disorder?
What's the best way of bootstrapping when you're really depressed?
Have you ever think of committing a suicide?
How do I cope up with the stress from JEE prepartion?
What does it mean when people say before you diagnose yourself with depression make sure there aren't any jerks around you?
How do people deal with work related anxiety?
Can I be a police officer if I have mental disorders?
Is despair an affliction or a sin? Or something else?
Do psychopaths tend to blame other people for their own mistakes?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Can poverty be related to psychological disorder? (In any possible way)?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
Can a diagnosed sociopath or psychopath become a social worker/therapist/psychologist?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
I suspect my girlfriend has BPD. I accidentally mentioned that I wanted a break up, but we didn't. She's ignoring me, now. What should I do?
What disorder (mental) would make a person show no facial expressions?
Do I have a mental disorder if all I think about is what mental disorder I have and I'm always looking at myself in mirrors?
What is the point of trying when people are bloodthirsty and crazy?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How can I be a successful psychologist?
What are some key differences between different severities of ADHD? Mild-moderate-severe?
Is there a name for a feeling/condition where you're not depressed but you feel like you should be?
Can an autistic person become a sociopath?
What is the worst social media for young people's mental well being?
Is it okay for a sociopath to manipulate people?
Does depression and mental illness affect growth in height?
As an unemployee, how do you overcome the mental pressure?
I find it difficult to speak about anything when I see my counsellor. How can I overcomes this besides coming off medication?
I want to be a music producer, but every time I come across an answer which has IIT in it, I feel depressed. What should I do?
Does floatation therapy work?
Should I go to a mental hospital if I have anti-social traits?
After recovering from depression, how do I regain the full cognitive ability and strength I once had?
What are the various treatments for anxiety disorder?
How do I get rid of the mental block and distrust towards people?
Do we temporarily run out of anxiety hormones/neurotransmitters after intense anxiety?
How do I overcome my glossophobia (speech anxiety)?
Is CAMHS deliberately trying to drive me to suicide?
How is the Japanese mentality different from the Chinese mentality?
Can anxiety cause loss of sensation in hands?
Does a BPD diagnosed person, accept this diagnosis? If yes, when does that person come to acceptance?
Can the human brain be overloaded? Or is the stress we experience just due to "over stretching" our mental capacity
Is there any depressed person who wants us to support each other through tough times and recovery?
How do people with borderline personality disorder prevent themselves from crying?
I graduated from high school. What do I do now?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
Can graffiti help you cope with OCD?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
Can Prednisone cause anxiety?
Is procrastination a mental condition which could also be related to low IQ, depression and ADHD?
How far are we from finding a cure for the mental disorder known as atheism?
What does Athena Walker think is the reason when neurotypicals or psychopaths become bad, abusive, and otherwise nasty people?
What are examples of some common mental illnesses?
Why do I get hyper whenever my depression breaks?
Do only depressed people think of committing suicide?
Can someone die from depression alone?
Why do some guys hate their looks and always live in depression?
Can you have depression while people around you can't notice?
If someone is feeling down, can she use willpower and positive thinking to make herself happy?
How does one know if they're suffering from manic depression?
Which international human rights groups should I contact if I have an invisible chronic weird illness that couldn't be well diagnosed in my home city?
Has BPD just singled out those to whom they are close?
Will a borderline person also diagnosed with fibromyalgia ever be happy in life?
Why are there so many references to psychopaths on Quora?
Is a person who hears voices and thinks others are spying on them likely to commit suicide eventually?
What is mental healthcare like in Qatar?
How do I deal with my depressed partner?
What should I do to get over mild depression? What should I do to cheer myself up?
Can a mentally ill person file for asylum?
What is the difference between emetophobia and OCD?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
What are examples of environmental factors in mental health?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
I've been sent to be assessed by a mental health team for anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy sub, what do I do?
Do guys who broke off a relationship because they lost feelings for you due to depression come back?
How do I stop panic/anxiety attacks that happen in school?
What are some of the more unusual ways people have committed suicide?
How does Vicodin affect depression?
If bipolar and borderline disorders are so similar, why is it so hard to get treatment for the BPD in terms of medications but, not for bipolar?
When dealing with suicidal thoughts or depression, did any online suicide prevention/support services help you? If so, which ones?
What do people think when they see someone have a panic/anxiety attack? Do they see them as weak?
What is a unique combination of mental disorders?
How does functional MRI amygdala biofeedback insights offer tools for the next generation of mindfulness practitioners and self treating depression?
What to do when we are so depressed by a problem that we cannot fix for a long time up to a point that we want to commit suicide?
How would you find a mentally unwell person who has gone missing for a month?
Is there a way to just be generally diagnosed with any mental illnesses I may have?
Do some people think that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live on SSI/SSDI?
Can I develop an attachment disorder to an abuser?
Was committing suicide the right thing for Hannah Baker to do? Why?
Who's more dangerous, a high functioning NPD or a low functioning narcissist?
I feel like hypomanic when only listening to music. Does this mean I'm bipolar and/or manic?
Can a diagnosis with a mental illness predispose one to more confirmation bias in terms of the illness' traits?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have different personality disorders in each of his personalities?
What are the common symptoms of intermittent explosive disorder?
Do psychopaths enjoy bestiality?
What is the best mood stabilizer for anxiety?
Should I quit gaming if it makes me depressed and I want to get fit and better grades?
Are murderers with mental illnesses simply discharged?
Does having unwanted suicidal thoughts put me in danger?
Why does Graves' disease cause anxiety?
Who experiences euthymic/stable state longer? Schizophrenics or people with bipolar disorder?
Do you believe there is a major difference in recovery from mental illness for those of higher intellect?
Can I be a police officer with mild depression?
After drinking, Dad doesn't talk properly to Mom and me. Conversing with him takes a mental toll on us. Should I isolate him from my world mentally?
Why do people think that rain causes depression?
What are the ways to improve my father's mental health and will after survive heart attack?
How can I deal with a person who mentally harasses me and then becomes silent, and this routine continues?
Has anyone dealt with a psychopath/sociopath who committed a serious crime such as murder/rape? If so, what was your experience like with them?
How have you managed the mental trauma of being put under Performance Improvement Programme in office?
What are the physical and mental consequences for abusing painkillers?
Are treadmills good or bad for sensory processing disorders?
Is there a quality of life after a lifelong struggle with depression?
How can I train my parasympathetic nervous system?
Is there a higher incidence of depression among adoptees than in the general population?
Will a sociopath act on threats if you provoke them?
Will my "depression" ever go away? I'm supposedly bipolar, and I say it that way because I feel that borderline mental illness might not be real.
How do I deal with a relationship when the other person has no compassion for me and my depression?
I think I am depressed. What can I do?
Is it possible to suffer from PTSD after being let go from a job, without warning, after 20 years?
What is the difference between bipolar disorder and dysthymia?
What are the odds a narcissistic sociopath with borderline personality disorder has recycled 3 times?
Do my parents have to be notified if I want to see a therapist privately?
Can you go insane from an internet video?
Why are psychopaths attracted to the INFJ personality type?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
How many of you puke from depression?
What do you mean by psychotherapy?
How can I help my partner understand my depression and anxiety?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorders murder?
How can I stop depression as a teenager?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
Are all self-harmers mentally ill?
Can sexual assault cause someone to become a psychopath?
How can you tell if someone is a narcissist or clinically depressed if both seem to push you away and use silent treatment?
What happens if you steal from a psychopath?
How does it feel to not have social anxiety?
Why is it more acceptable to be a psychopath than a schizophrenic?
If POTUS were to be effectively incapacitated by a mental condition, such as senile dementia, how would the government administration deal with this?
Are there any anxiety/depression support groups in Chennai?
Do atheists ever feel frustrated and depressed because nobody pays any attention at all to their no-evidence argument?
I always find myself either wanting things to be perfect or not wanting anything at all. This gets me depressed. What should I do?
I have been having suicidal thoughts and intents for a while now. Should I just ignore this? If I had access to ways to successfully do it I would.
Are there any methods (psychiatric or otherwise) that are proven to help with the symptoms of Narcissistic Victim Syndrome?
When does the onset of schizophrenia begin? Is it noticeable at first?
What can I do to stop anxiety while driving?
What do you think of Onision's video "10+ Signs You're A Psychopath"?
Can you give me the characteristics of a person who has bipolar depression?
How can I find and enroll in a medically controlled psilocybin therapy for terminal illness?
How can I overcome my depression?
What are ways to suppress depression, without taking drugs?
Is Dota 2 a fun and addicting game that can keep me restrained from thinking about depression?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
Is there a lifestyle that exists in America, where I can refuse psychiatric treatment?
How do I get over the feelings of depression and negativity while preparing for the Prelims?
Is being a clinical psychologist stressful? Clinical psychologists talk to depressed people everyday, so do they also get depressed by that?
How do you know if you're a sociopath or just an ENTP with low empathy?
Are there any medications that specifically target the physical side of a panic attack?
Might a person with BPD fake hallucinations and psychosis to get what they want (love, attention, or forgiveness)?
Would psychopaths care on some level if their partner died? If so, why?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
How can someone with borderline personality disorder start to make close friendships?
How can I appear normal when I have ASPD?
Does being underweight and not being hungry have anything to do with an eating disorder? Do I have an eating disorder?
Why is the role played by psychotherapy in the treatment of a personality disorder?
What stops a narcissist carrying out a smear campaign?
Is there at least one atheist or agnostic psychotherapist, counselor, psychiatrist, or other mental health professional working in Nairobi?
How do I get out of depression and be more motivated about life?
What do psychopaths think of the Wikipedia article on psychopathy?
Is it hard to adjust to "the real world" if someone with a narcissistic personality disorder has recently recovered from the disorder?
Why is it so hard to find a therapist who accepts insurance in SF?
What can I do if I'm trauma bonded with my ex-narcissist?
Can a person with split personalities have different mental disorders and abilities in each personality?
If the abuse wasn't that bad, could it still cause BPD?
How common is it for contrarians to have emotional issues/depression growing up?
Sometimes I have delusional/psychotic thoughts that only last for a few minutes. What is wrong with me?
What are some symptoms of compulsive exercise disorder?
What would happen if I was misdiagnosed as bipolar and took Seroquel for 3 nights (50m, 50mg, and 100mg) for this condition and for insomnia?
How do you know if you are raising a sociopath?
How do you recover from severe depression with no support system?
What is the law in India for a family member not taking a mentally ill person to a doctor for treatment, if the person himself is not in a position to decide?
I am seeing animal shadows and hallucinations. I hope that I’m not going to lose my mind. Are there others with this kind of problem?
Is borderline/narcissist silent treatment harder to endure for people with OCD?
Why don't the mentally ill want to admit that they're sick and need help? I am asking because this help could be life-saving.
How do you know when your teenager is depressed?
Is it normal to have severe anxiety about how your life has changed postpartum?
Why do I get sudden rushes of adrenaline?
Has anyone went to therapy thinking they have a mental illness and were really suffering, then found out they are fine and just exaggerating?
How would you explain how it feels to not have a personality disorder to someone with a class B personality disorder?
Are social anxiety and sociopathy related in any way?
What current depressing situation are you going through?
Is it possible for your brain to ever be quiet?
What if I have bipolar disorder and want to live a long life?
I am terrified of living. I live in constant dread, fear, anxiety and depression. What can I do?
Is thinking of committing suicide normal? How bad is it, and how does one overcome it and stop it?
Will a full psychological test reveal a very suave covert narcissist's condition?
Should I see a psychiatrist or someone else?
What lifestyle changes should I make to cope with anxiety?
When is supervised visitation required for some psychiatric patients?
What comorbid effects are typical of persons with mania, PTSD, and autism combined?
Can BPD be cured?
Are good therapists good at [sensitively] "putting words into people's mouths"?
Why do I keep having thoughts of suicide although I am perfectly right in the head (no depression, bipolar disorder, etc)?
Why does suicide feel like the only way out? I would be sparing myself mentally and emotionally. Am I just defected, or am I just normal?
Why don't women ask men out?
What will psychopaths do to someone who succeeded to make them blind, lose both of their hands and legs and let them live that way?
How is stress related to mental illness?
Why are people so afraid of anti-depressant/anxiety medications? Are the side effects that severe? Can they change you? Are they permanent?
Do you know of any women with fibrocystic breast disease who have increased pain due to depression and other mental health issues?
Why are people resistant to seeing a psychologist for the first time?
Does homeopathy work in OCD cases?
Is it weird that I want a psychopath as a friend?
Why are some people content to remain isolated and unemployed over a long time, even though it makes them mentally ill?
I’m drowning from social anxiety. What should I do?
Are mentally organized people more likely to appear disorganized because they can easily deal with disorganized information?
Do female psychopaths exist?
Can frequent headaches be a symptom of bipolar disorder? If so, then how?
Is there any renowned economist with ADHD/ADD?
What does it feel like to lose a child due to an eating disorder?
I want to kill someone. How do I control myself?
How can someone deal with nervous breakdowns?
How can I break out of a mental loop?
What is the quickest and easiest way to commit suicide?
What is adjustment disorder with anxiety and depression?
How does a sleep-related eating disorder manifest?
What can you expect when starting medication for schizophrenia?
Can mapping the human connectome lead to a concrete understanding of mental illness?
How do I do travel therapy?
Can alternate personalities develop without trauma happening?
Does the antidepressant Effexor promote wakefulness and attention in people with ADD/ADHD, just as Strattera does? Or is Strattera the only one?
What is psychotic depression, and what causes it? Is it more than one major depressive episode?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
Where can I go to get tested for a learning disorder?
What's the best way to ease the feeling of someone in anxiety or depression?
Can my therapist or psychiatrist be anybody?
Why do I get depressed when I get anxious about something? My fiancé will be on a different shift soon, right now I'm upset, but nothing has happened.
How does it feel when you get out of depression?
How would one get away from a mentally abusive partner without having to give up a dog who has helped in so many ways when there is no one to turn to?
Is there a diagnosis for some who diagnoses everyone with out a degree or training?
A lady has periodic mental phases. She speaks a lot during that and is very nonsensical and turns religious. What can the problem be?
What are the types of panic disorders?
If a person suffering from multiple personality syndrome developed Alzheimer's, do all the personalities exhibit the same level of impairment?
Why does isolation drive someone insane?
How common is the somatization disorder?
Are all psychopaths bullies?
Can a non violent person be provoked to commit a violent assault if they suffered years of physical and mental abuse?
Can the voices that a schizophrenic hears be friendly or are they always harsh?
What do you usually do when society depresses/disappoints you?
How is sex like with a bipolar person?
What should I do if the stupidity of my mother drives me insane?
Psychopaths: how did your inner circle find out your diagnosis and how did they react?
What can I do to stop being a schizoid?
What are some celebrities with multiple personality disorder?
Does a person develop BPD over time in adulthood?
Should I go to a therapist?
I'm scared my depression might be developing into something worse like a personality disorder or sociopathy. How do I know?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide without being depressed?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, do you genuinely feel love for anything?
Everyday is a constant battle with depression and suicidal thoughts, I don't feel worthy of life. Should I end it?
Is there a link between bipolar and narcissistic disorder?
Is the bipolar test on the internet true?
How do I stop having expectations for my family?
How badly do people with BPD experience paranoia?
Why so many people want to commit suicide in the golden gate bridge?
Do psychopaths make good shoplifters and are they better at it than neurotypicals?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
How can I deal with OCD, ADD, and bipolar disorder?
Can you mentally change the structure of your body?
What are some characteristics of the different types of paranoid personality disorder?
What would a hallucinogenic trip be like for a sociopath?
What's the cheapest, easiest and best way to commit suicide? Don't give me suicide prevention stuff.
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
Would some jobs be forbidden for me if I would go to a therapist who might diagnose ASPD on me?
How can I become intelligent and overcome dumbness or mental retardation (by birth)?
How can I come out from feeling stress?
Can you get out of a MAPPA level 2 after discharge from a mental health hospital in England?
Is there any real hope that a female sociopath can change if they admit their ways and are sorrowful?
Does someone who constantly cleans his desk with Kleenex while talking to you suffer from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder?
Can someone become a sociopath without being molested?
Can a psychologist commit you to a psych ward or can only a psychiatrist commit you?
How do I help a friend who is suicidal but terrified of therapists?
How do I overcome my depression as I am solving 562 despite deserving above 600 in NEET 2017?
Can a psychologist diagnose HFA?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Should I keep gaming if it makes me depressed but independent as a teen?
Does being in a frat reduce social anxiety?
Is writing to relieve OCD related anxiety counterproductive in this case?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
What type of paranoia commonly occurs in bipolar disorder?
When in a non-BPD and BPD relationship, how should the non-BPD act when treated poorly?
If you feel the need to see a professional in relation to your mental health, does that mean you don't really need the help to begin with?
How do I make myself better in just one month? How do I overcome my depression and make myself happy?
Why do I get very depressed?
Why aren't there more depressed people around? What is it in life that keeps so many people going?
How can I manage with a bipolar spouse?
How can I divert my attention from a life problem which causes depression?
Can a narcissist use doing good to others to get his supply?
When are you tempted to stop taking your psychiatric medications in order to feel more brilliant?
Do some people on Quora write false things about psychopathy or ASPD in general?
I'm depressed. I'm not going to end my life, but if I were to pass away, my loved ones will get $3M dollars in life insurance. Why should I continue?
Koko sounds like Quora for mental health. How is it different?
If you ask your therapist if you have a personality disorder, are they obligated to tell you?
Are those with sexual sadism disorder also sociopaths/psychopaths?
When you were depressed and pushed almost everyone away, how did you feel about the person who stayed no matter what?
Is it possible for a person with panic disorder to become a good psychologist?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
How do I overcome stress and anxiety one day before the BITSAT?
How hard is it for someone with schizoid personality disorder to get through school?
How do I become a better person for others and for my own mental health?
Is there any psychiatric condition in which the patient tends to help others?
Is racism a psychological disorder?
How do I cope with loneliness, homesickness, depression when studying abroad?
Why are some psychopaths self-aware while others aren't?
What is the diffference between delusion and depressive rumination?
How do I get away from depression? I just came out of a depression but now once again it has hit me.
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
What is victim mentality and how can one get over it?
What are restraints used in mental health institutions?
Do people who attempt suicide regret it at the last minute?
Can I heal my anxiety, or is it something I have to deal with for the rest of my life?
What is some advice for someone with BPD who is trying to recover?
How can I recover from anhedonia after discontinuing antipsychotics?
Should a child born with a deformity (either mental or physical, or both) have the right to live in an already overpopulated world?
Would someone with the ability to vividly dream & remember most of it to the point it uses most of their actual life away be considered mentally ill?
What sort of mental issues does Trevor Phillips from GTA V suffer from?
Why do people with BPD often feel the need to overshare?
How can a severely mentally ill individual convince themselves that their life is worth living?
Would it be appropriate to email your therapist to see how they are doing after an illness?
What is the meaning of an obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD)?
What would be your advice for a third year law student who is currently single, broke, introverted and depressed?
What is it like to have schizophrenia and PTSD at the same time? Is it even possible?
How do I stop my depression and get better grades as a teenager?
How can you tell if a depressed person still loves you?
How can we tell if a client is suffering from BPD rather than being extremely anxious-preoccupied?
Are all psychopaths good at lying?
How long can people withstand others before they become depressed?
Are poor people more likely to experience some type of mental illness?
What are effective ways to cope with stress and negative situations?
If a person has a mental illness, does that mean the person is insane and can't function in society?
Is listening to music good or bad for our mental health?
How do girls overcome a hard breakup from mental stress?
Is it "attention seeking" and "conceited" (in a way) to accept/sometimes say that I have a mental disorder?
Can I get a mental health/psychology related job without the proper education?
For people who have suffered suicidal thoughts and overcame it, how did you know and when did you know that war ended at last?
When do psychopaths first feel that they have created a successful mask?
Do other sociopaths also suffer from getting bored to fast from certain songs, they actually admire?
Does setting a goal improve your mental health?
A man with depression breaks up with you. What do you do?
Do I need therapy? I used to see a therapist but I hated seeing her. Do I need to see her again for therapy?
Can someone be so traumatized that no therapist is able to help them?
Is recurring depression the same as bipolar disorder? I'm exhausted from my emotional splitting. What is recurring depression with BPD?
Is it normal to have thoughts about children?
Can anxiety be traumatizing?
I form patterns and if I can't cope with them, I feel stressful. Is it some disorder?
How do you cope with early depression killing your dreams because even when recovering, it will often leave you detached and less energetic for life?
Is ADHD different for everyone? If so, what are the differences?
What are treatments for non-pulsating headaches that are primarily characterized by soreness?
What is a psychopath in simple terms?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
Can anxiety lead to phobia? And what's the difference between them?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
Can you have depression but also be happy, have fun and laugh some times?
What is the best way you or someone you know has found to manage your anxiety without medication?
How would you describe an obsessive-compulsive personality disorder from a psychoanalytic perspective?
Why do people stigmatize mental illnesses?
Why are mental health services so sexist towards both genders, e.g. women get told it's 'just hormones', and men don’t get taken seriously?
What life advice would psychopaths give to neurotypicals?
Are there better medications for OCD on the horizon?
Is there a difference or a benefit to working with a psychologist, as opposed to working with an LCSW, LMFT, LPC, etc., for talk therapy?
How do I support my depressed dad?
Seriously, how much of society is filled with people who have personality disorders?
Do separations in life affect the risk of developing schizophrenia?
Is it my fault that I was born with a mental illness?
Do all psychopathic traits have to apply to you to make you a psychopath?
How do I get these mental illness questions off my feed?
How can I cope with depression/manic bipolar episodes without seeing a shrink (I can't afford Obama Care)?
What is the difference between having "schizoid personality disorder" and being "emotionally detached"?
How do people with bipolar disorder feel during a grandiose state?
What types of chocolates help you out of depression?
What is your experience with treating depression using meds?
What exactly is eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), and how likely is it to help with PTSD?
How do I safely ask for help when I have a dependent personality disorder?
What is mild bipolar disorder like?
What are the disadvantages of being a psychopath?
Why does it seem that mental health/personality disorders are on the rise?
What happens when you get diagnosed with anti-social personality disorder/psychopathy? What tests are involved, time length, etc.?
Is it worth visiting a Jero Mangku healer on Bali and how does it work?
I have a powerful urge to jump off my balcony. I'm not suicidal but the urge is so powerful, that it makes me panic. What is wrong with me?
How do you know that you are not going into depression?
I suffer from depression. Should I just give up?
Do psychopaths ever experience uncontrollable laughter?
Do therapists look up your mental health chart?
What do psychopaths think about suicide?
Does Luvox treat depression?
Where do you seek help if you're suspected to have depression?
What are the best methods to improve Depression and anxiety without Meds?
Why does everyone sound so depressed on Quora?
How do you lull a psychopath to sleep?
What were the 18 psychological disorders as mentioned by agastya?
How can I stop being anxious while studying?
How do I overcome my anxiety of what my future beholds after a chronic disease?
How many psychiatric survivors are there in the USA?
I am depressed because my single mother keeps yelling at me all the time. What should I do?
Did anyone with BPD get told they were just being teens when they knew that they did have BPD?
Would a lo- functioning psychopath murder you if you attempted to take revenge against them?
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
What do psychopaths think about book Psychopath Bible?
Why are people with BPD stigmatised?
Why would one be so active, enthusiastic, overthink constantly, and be unable to sleep for more than 5 hours?
How do you get post-traumatic stress disorder?
I think my mom is quite depressed. What should I do?
Why do you think many people do not seek help for anxiety problems?
What's the difference between a complex and a personality disorder?
Are psychiatrists really aware of what goes on inside a patient’s brain who is on antidepressants?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
What can I do from here? I'm not exactly depressed. How can I go about finding a spiritual path?
Why am I having anxiety issues even though I have nothing to worry about in particular?
What happens to the body when one has depression?
Is it common for a therapist to visit mental health professionals themselves?
Do psychopaths 'come out' to people in their inner circle? If so, how would that conversation go?
Is it homophobic to say that homosexuality isn't innate but rather a psychological disorder which in many cases, is curable?
How should one keep anxiety at bay?
How can I cope with day and night bruxism due to anxiety and stress until I can see a doctor about it?
What are the best (stand out) apps for meditation, mental health and well-being?
Do psychopaths sometimes choose to be with certain people because they like the mask they wear with those people?
How popular is psychotherapy in Japan?
Is it possible to recover from a 12-year experience of being heavy bullied at school from a large number of people (including some teachers)?
What should I do to combat depression?
Does artificial intelligence affect our mental growth in a negative way?
If psychological illnesses are fake, would this be a plausible alternative?
Can you be suicidal but not depressed?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
How did you overcome your medication resistant depression? Is it even possible to do this?
Can a mentally ill person be a psychiatrist?
Can antidepressants/anti-anxiety medication make you physically weaker or lower your adrenaline levels?
Is there a specific disability that causes people to develop headaches in crowds?
How would a psychopath and sociopath interact with each other?
What is the next therapy session like after a suicide attempt?
Are mental disorders more than just behavior habits?
Does masturbation hampers our mental power?
I feel severely depressed, what can I do?
Why do so many people think sadism and psychopathy are the same?
What's the difference between social anxiety and being nervous around people?
Why can't I stop an obsession with someone, why won't my mind move on if I already have physically? Is this an uncontrollable mental illness?
Sometimes I feel that committing suicide and killing myself is the best solution to relax from poverty and misery. Why?
Someone close to me was injured in the Iraq War, and years later suffers from depression and PTSD. I struggle to know what to say to him about it. What can I do?
Can someone with a personality disorder be insane too or become insane?
Do psychopaths have a code of conduct?
What should I do whenever I feel depressed or demotivated?
I want to make a company of psychopaths, how do I do it?
From which hospital in Mumbai I will get mentally disturb person's certificate?
Does borderline personality disorder affect memory?
Can depression (or other mental illnesses) cause your body to function differently (e.g., how tall you grow, your metabolism, how your cells work)?
How can I study when my finals are in 2 weeks? I need to start studying, but my anxiety is acting up big time! I can't even pick up a book without getting a panic attack, and I can't understand anything. How can I study normally?
How can you beat depression without the help of others?
Now that we know what Trump will do as President of the United States, at what point will enough be enough? He is a cheat, liar and mentally unstable!
I am 17 and I have ADHD, and I am in an environment that doesn't believe in psychological problems, what do I do? Where do I go from here?
What could an EQ score of 27/80 mean about someone?
Why can I only work when there's something else that's urgent?
Do you think the bombardment of bad news by the media can cause depression?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
Does the journey to enlightenment cause depression?
I have an exam tomorrow which I will surely fail because I couldn't study as I have been enduring depression since August last year. What do I do?
Should I do a degree in university if one thought of it makes me depressed?
What is the difference between a syndrome and a disease?
What are the effects of over-protective parents on a child’s mental health?
What is a way of getting more and more depressed?
Is it fair to ask suicidal people to carry on living?
What is the best way to support a loved one who is showing signs of mental illness?
In BPD, who is the real person?
How should one deal with the stress and depression when he is failing and his colleagues are succeeding?
How does over-analysis deepen your mental illness?
What forms of self-harm are there?
What do I do to identify what type of narcissistic disorder I have?
Is Mark David Chapman still mentally ill?
In any situation, do you think first or feel first? Which takes precedence?
Is there any remedy for chronic depression?
What duration of temozolomide therapy would you recommend to a patient with glioblastoma multiforme and a positive MGMT methylation status?
What are some signs that psychological therapy/counseling is "working"?
Is depression a bad thing?
What's the end of depression?
Can you use methylphenidate (methylin) to cope with OCD?
What are your best anecdotes of patients with a factitious disorder?
Is there a mindset I can adopt or a way that can help me to maintain my relationship with my sister who has BPD?
Do you think that Dr. Amit Gupta is mentally disturbed these days?
What is a functional movement disorder?
What are some behaviours that you're most ashamed of when you were in a borderline personality "episode"?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
What are some tips for making myself mentally strong?
How do I deal with depression by myself? How can I not be a spoilsport for the outside world due to depression?
If your mental illness is affecting your ability to communicate with people, should you get help?
Have you been in therapy when you were young and did it really help you?
What's wrong with me, I know I'm gay but something in my head keeps making me second guess myself?
What are the main causes of mental block?
If someone you know might commit suicide but they said not to tell anyone, what do you do?
How likely are voice hearers to commit suicide?
Why do I feel the need to read about who were the victims after terror attacks?
When does a proposed disorder becomes an official disorder? And where do you check if it's really officially recognized in medicine?
What does it feel like to have anxiety and depression?
What do psychopaths think of sex?
Why are people with a personality disorder manipulative?
Is there anyone with schizoaffective disorder and likes being social?
Is social anxiety a mental disorder or a mindset?
I’ve been jobless for 5 months, and I’m feeling depressed. What should I do?
How do I induce depression in a person?
Why do I feel depressed when I do not do what I say I will?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
What is God for people with mental disorders and how do they see Him?
I live in the UK. If I get diagnosed with depression, will I get signed off work?
Why is Quora filled with judgement and prejudice regarding mental and personality disorders like bipolar and BPD?
How do I get rid of continuous unuseful, less meaningful, depressed thoughts?
Are Alzheimer’s, Parkinson's, and Cataracts preceded by serious mental confusion?
Why does low self-esteem lead to depression?
Do all people who self-harm have problems, or are they doing this just because they see that others are doing it?
I haven't taken my anti-depressant medication for over a year now. In the past month I experienced depressive relapses. Should I take my meds again?
How would a person with Aspergers react to a sociopath stare?
What does it mean to live with a mental illness?
Can a psychopath currently have a psychosis?
Is it possible that hallucinogenics caused my psychosis?
What is responsible for obsessions in OCD?
Would a psychopath make a good model?
Why do people with schizoaffective disorder accuse their friends of doing things they haven't done?
How do I deal with anxiety and confidence issues?
Can bipolar disorder be self diagnosed?
Is 'thakradhara' treatment effective in curing anxiety disorders?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
My girlfriend is suffering from depression, how can I help her?
Do introverts mostly suffer from IBS and other stomach disorders?
We have an HS intern. We think he had a psychotic episode at work on Friday. It was nonviolent but highly unusual. Should we let him back on Monday?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, what is the best method to help him change his mind?
Why did Nidhin N of IIT KGP commit suicide?
How can I be supportive for someone with a bipolar disorder?
If you become depressed, do you stay that way?
How do I stop my anxiety from allowing me to do things?
I've been having a serious 7 week depression phase, I've told my psych that I'm suicidal & cutting, but they dont take it seriously. What do I do?
What causes psychosomatic disorders?
Can medical marijuana be used to treat bipolar disorder type I?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
Why is major depression inconsolable?
Is it possible for some psychopaths to have shallow empathy/remorse or is the underdevelopment of the amygdala an all or nothing situation?
How do I help my sibling find success, deal with 6 years of depression and stop his suicidal thoughts due to a low undergrad GPA?
How do I seek help for suicide thoughts if I'm afraid to ask for help?
Can I be denied mental health services in jail?
How do you treat an individual with Bipolar ADD and NPD?
Is it weird that I want my future boyfriend to be a psychopath?
Do you have any experience in treating PTSD with EMDR therapy?
When I do not understand something, I feel that it should be something stupid. Do I have a mental illness?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
How can I treat anxiety and numbness in my face?
How do people with bipolar disorder know when the mania phase will end and they will fall into a depression?
In Islam, life and death are in God's hands alone, then why are people able to commit suicide?
What are the cures for anxiety and depression?
Is perfectionism a mental disorder?
What circumstances makes someone go to a mental health professional to then be diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
What is the difference between an INFP-T and an INFP-A that has bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or both?
Why do my eyes water when I'm nervous?
How do I overcome depression as a teenager?
Who would benefit from talking to a psychologist? Everyone or only the mentally ill?
What are mental health problems? People say they are illnesses, but aren't there happy people with mental health issues?
Are psychopaths less likely to be racist?
If I feel like my psychologist is not treating me objectively, is that a reason to seek a new psychologist? Or is it not really that important?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
Am I responsible for my depression?
What kind of personality do you have to have to stay with a narcissist?
If you have depression, would you want to date someone with depression?
Can you have BPD without having any abandonment issues and enjoying being alone?
Can I get good, worthwhile treatment from a psychiatrist remotely, i.e. over the telephone or Skype?
What are the pills you take to treat depression? How do you feel when you're on them?
What defines someone as a psychopath?
Do psychopaths suffer because of their personality disorder?
I have bipolar II disorder. Does anyone have any coping advice? I do see a therapist regularly but I'm afraid of meds & therapy can be uncomfortable.
Is the serotonin hypothesis about OCD the strongest one?
What is OCD and how to treat it?
I believe I am suffering from dementia in my 20's. What is the most common cause?
I’m a teenager with separation anxiety. What should I do?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
What are the best ways of dealing with depression-related fatigue or medication-related cognitive fog?
What's the difference between sociopaths, psychopaths, narcissists, and a Machiavellian?
What are some significant differences between sociopaths and psychopaths?
I was wondering if I may be considered to have OCD?
How did psychopaths react to having a child?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
How can you treat/cure a specific case of depression?
Is it possible to reclaim creativity after a long depression?
Do psychopaths have different inherent reflexes/instincts?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
Should a person with schizophrenia marry?
Can a sociopath be calm and avoid anger problems?
How can you psychopaths describe it when you don't know anything to compare it with?
Can a child see who is suffering from blindness due to a lack of cerebrospinal fluid?
How do I deal with low grades due to sleep deprivation (5 hours every night for 2 years)?
How can you get a highly depressed person to visit a psychotherapist/psychologist?
Does clutter have a profound impact on our emotional, mental, physical, and spiritual well-being?
What is like when your best friend commit suicide?
Why are depressed people blamed for all their problems?
How do you clear up a psychiatric misdiagnosis?
How do I continue living without telling anyone about my depression and suicidal thoughts?
How do I stop being depressed and find a reason to live?
What are the usual causes to mental health problems that professional footballers have?
I have uneasy feeling in area above umbilicus, nausea and frequent defecation along with fear. Does it mean I have anxiety?
How does one sustain friends when suffering from a severe mental illness?
Do some people commit suicide after their partner dies, especially if there is a gap in the relationship of 10-20 years plus or they cannot be without them?
What are some of your experiences as a gay man with borderline personality traits?
How should a person determine if they need to see a psychologist?
What do narcissists say about their condition?
Is it possible or even achievable to have a functional long lasting relationship with a border line personality disorder inflicted man?
Are spiritual people more prone to depression?
Why do people think that you are weak when you are depressed?
Can a psychopath feel irritability or something when they don’t get enough sleep?
Why does everyone think that preventing a well-reasoned suicide is an acceptable action?
Will having therapy sessions affect my financial future?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
How do career women influence the decline of family today?
Should I be afraid of psychopaths/sociopaths?
Are there patients who should not be in group therapy?
How can you learn to make good small but hard everyday choices (e.g. avoiding sweets on a diet, etc.), governing your feeling-thought-action dynamics?
What are meditation techniques used to overcome anxiety?
Can I go to new psychiatrist if I've just filled a prescription, but am not happy with my old doctor's diagnosis?
What is the best way to relax mentally in preparation for an exam?
What are the core symptoms of bipolar disorder and how can I know that I'm having that or not without consulting?
Do psychopaths understand irony?
If I want to die, does that mean I am depressed?
Do people with schizoaffective disorder think about killing people?
Who has experience with adult selective mutism?
They tell you its okay to be depressed sometimes but thats not depression its sadness, so why do they tell you you can cry then tell you not to?
How can you tell if I am bipolar?
Can someone be totally healed from anxiety disorder?
After hearing about gory rape crimes, I constantly feel severely anxious about the safety of my loved ones. It’s affecting my daily life. How do I deal?
What is it like being in a relationship with a psychopath?
How do people know about and get the latest and greatest legal pharmaceuticals and supplements for mental and physical health?
In what way does a teenager suffering from depression act different from others?
Solipsism is giving me anxiety and depression for months. What do I do?
I’m a dad who only has custody every other weekend. How can I help my 9-month-old child cope with stranger anxiety towards me?
Who in a narcissists life is his primary, secondary etc. supply sources?
Can depression disqualify me from getting a diversity visa DV1?
Are people with mental illnesses like depression, anorexia and/or obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) the hardest to love?
I have a lot of anxiety over presentations and social interaction. How can I overcome this?
Will having a condition like nocturia disqualify you from being an astronaut for NASA?
Do girls get anxiety about pregnancy during unprotected sex?
Is it dangerous to live with a socio/psychopath?
What do you do if you discover that you are a psychopath?
Can I smoke black and milds with schizoaffective disorder?
What is going on inside a stalker's head?
How do therapists feel when it turns out the person they had committed to a mental hospital returns worse off than when they entered?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
How does PTSD affect tenants in the home?
What medications best treat those with borderline personality disorder? And are there any alternatives like medical marijuana or CBD that can help?
Is it true that Nobita was real and suffering from schizophrenia and that he imagined Doraemon?
What are the stupidest reasons for commiting suicide?
What is the connection point between alexithymia and depression?
How do I, as a clinically depressed person, get through to my narcissistic brother, who is coming to visit? He has no clue how stressful it will be for me.
Why do those with BPD blame others?
What is the safest and easiest way to commit suicide?
Without any degrees or licenses, could I create this business idea that I have for Mental Health?
Am I the only one who feels so depressed that I cry when I see very young kids swearing?
Why do people on Quora expand their answers and stretch it outside the box, Even though this isn't an "essay competition"?
If someone started up a website strictly for people to commit suicide live on, what would happen?
From an atheist perspective, can we consider religious practices as a mental disorder?
Is there any psychotherapist online for counselling? Who is the best?
How do I deal with my 26 year old brother that is immature but also suffers from intense depression?
What are some good books on schizoid disorder?
Should I go to a psychiatrist? I have this habit of repeating actions and mental rituals. I have to start my day by washing my face 64 times.
Is there a safe pill to temporarily induce depression or anxiety?
How do I know if I’m borderline?
Is 13 Reasons Why harmful or helpful to people suffering from depression?
How do I control stress?
How does it feel when some people demonize people who are diagnosed with NPD so cruelly?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Does anxiety always develop into depression?
Why is suicide legal while the attempt of suicide is illegal?
How true is this about Doraemon that a real Nobita suffering from schizophrenia and he committed a suicide?
Is there any truth to the statement that Psychopaths are incapable of love?
What are the best things to do to keep your brain sharp?
How do you get someone oblivious to their mental illness to get help?
Has marijuana been used to treat symptoms like impulsivity in bipolar disorder?
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
Do psychopaths have anything to compensate for their lack of emotions?
What effect may a FTM transition have on my friend's anxiety, depression, and gender dysphoria?
Can OCD change form during life?
What is the best way to overcome a really traumatic experience?
Am I mentally strong if I always hold my tears in front of other people?
What's the point of living if my depression and anxiety are never going to get better? I'm not contributing to society nor am I really enjoying life.
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide in absence of depression?
Do psychopaths have a codex?
What is a selfish reason to not commit suicide, when living doesn't seem worth it?
Did people get depressed in ancient times?
How does Dissociative Identity Disorder work? Are the symptoms there for all alters all the time, or are there episodes of the different alters?
How do I become mentally strong to increase my memory power?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths ever fake cry, when getting in trouble as children?
Can methylphenidate cause permanent bipolar disorder?
Can true psychopaths feel suicidal?
I'm 25 and I keep thinking about the past a lot. It makes me depressed. How do I put it to rest and move forward?
Should bipolar disorder sufferers seek stability and routine above all else?
What does ‘trigger’ mean with someone who has BPD?
What disorder has symptoms like repetition of words, language problems (language is not clear), and emotional problems?
I'm depressed and no one will listen to me. What can I do?
How do anti-anxiety meds work? Will they make me stop thinking about the thing I'm anxious about?
Are there people who can't see any color? Why? Does it affect anything (emotionally, physically, or mentally)?
Does being a psychopath automatically make you a bad, or dangerous person?
How many hours a day should one be involved in a mentally engaging activity to keep their mind from stagnating?
Why is mental illness used as an excuse by some abusers?
How do I deal with anxiety without running from it?
Are impressed and depressed related in anyway?
Would someone who feels strongly about a​ religious belief but does not attribute it to any known religion be considered mentally ill?
What comes to mind when you think of someone who is mentally ill? What are your stereotypes?
My grandmother is having low-grade fevers each night. She lives in China. What are some possibilities of her illness?
What is social anxiety? How do you distract yourself from it?
Why is being paranoid bad?
What’s the threshold from having high psychopathic traits, to being "labelled" a psychopath? Is there a gauge?
What are some tips to cope with social anxiety?
What sorts of thoughts run through your mind when you see a mentally disabled person?
Do people with BPD realize when they are emotionally manipulating their partner?
What do I do when I'm depressed so that I don't hurt myself?
Has anyone ever been broken up with because of your mental illness? How did you cope?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
What do you think about starting to go to a psychiatrist or psychologist if I feel like I'm having some serious problems with my mental health?
How can I live when I am depressed and bored of this life?
Why do I feel depressed? I want to commit suicide.
What's the difference between bipolar and borderline, and how common is that misdiagnoses?
Do humans have a subconscious mental ability to block physical pain and later remove this block?
Is defining mental heath culturally significant?
Can a psychopath get mad about a dog being killed?
Is being a psychopath a clear advantage in the corporate world?
According to some studies, people with bipolar disorder have increased empathic concern. If so, do bipolar narcissists have more empathic abilities?
How can I remain laser focused, despite having 5-6 hours of sleep (like Elon Musk, Nikola Tesla etc.)?
How can I help my struggling classmate?
I prefer solitude but at the same time being lonely makes me depressed. Social interaction makes me loose focus on my goals. What should I choose?
What mental health illnesses or disorders can alcohol cause?
Does the thought of the average human life depress most people, i.e. eat, sleep, school, and work, etc.?
I’m 15. I have anxiety and depression. My parents think I'm a happy kid who does not get sad ever. I have almost no friends. What do I do?
Why do I feel depressed after yoga?
How can one effectively (to an extent) emulate psychopathy?
Could I have histrionic personality disorder?
How is being scared different from being paranoid?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
Do I have a mental problem?
Do psychopaths ever cry as a baby/child?
If there were no alcohol or drugs would there be more or less depression?
How are the people who work with those who are mentally disabled affected?
I’m a doctor​ with no certification. I’m doing my own therapy for musculoskeletal problems. I need certification for my therapy. How can I get it?
What should I do to keep myself from having more depression break downs?
Is there any quick cure for anxiety?
What percentage of U.S. citizens suffer from some type of mental health disorder?
What are some of the best stories about schizophrenia?
How do you convince your parents that going to a therapist/psychologist doesn't make you an abnormal person?
Did Teddy Roosevelt suffer/prosper from any mental illnesses?
Is there any help I can get regarding my mental health for free in Delhi?
How can I get my mind out of this deep cycle of anxiety and panic feeling?
Is there a personality disorder linked to someone who doesn't believe in romantic love?
What is teen depression and its possible causes?
Why do people with borderline personality disorder have self identity issues?
Can reactive depression turn or evolve into clinical depression?
What is the difference between being lonely or depressed? How can one know?
What do I do if I can no longer parent my 16 year old?
What are the best scientific ways to stop neurological decline?
Is there something I can read or watch that will help when I'm having a panic attack?
Why does cold water cause panic if it doesn't hurt?
What is some legitimate work I can do from home (the UK)? I suffer badly from anxiety, panic attacks & depression, which has led to my lack of work.
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
How can I cure low sperm count due to stress, anxiety and depression?
How can I cope with depression and stress, as I am fed up with my life's ups and downs?
Is CBT useful for high-functioning autistics in late teens? This is about a boy in his late teens. Problematic social behaviours sexual in nature.
Why would someone admit to another that they have been diagnosed with NPD?
Does an anxiety attack make ADHD symptoms worse?
Is the way Christians relate to suffering different from the way in which people with other belief systems relate to suffering?
What is the difference between aspergers syndrome and generalized/social anxiety disorder?
Do sociopaths also have a paranoid personality disorder?
What is the solution if a depressed person refuses to consult doctor and the person is harming the family?
Is it possible to lead a meaningful life with a severe mental illness?
How do I reduce my anxiety?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I am bipolar?
How do I tell this girl at school that vaccines don't cause the illnesses that they're supposed to prevent?
Are all psychopaths happy and well-adjusted?
How do I tell my boss I have depression and anxiety and will need time off to go to therapy appointments?
I am suffering from emphysema. Can I go to Dharamshala for studies?
Since learning about people with PD/NPD, why am I still having a hard time understanding that everything I thought I knew about my ex was a lie?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
Can narcissists (NPDs) feel affective empathy when they have accomplished their narcissistic supply?
Why are depressed people shunned?
What is your trauma?
What mentality is she suffering from?
Is there a life experience that could potentially change a sociopath or psychopath for good?
Does the narcissist ever forgive?
Can being bipolar lead to compulsive lying?
How do I cope up with my studies after a long psychiatric medicated treatment (2 years)?
How do I deal with being diagnosed with schizophreniform disorder?
What is your opinion on slurs like feminazi & autism being used harmfully & the future consequences of that use?
Why are SSRIs so effective in treating OCD?
Where can I find more information on a psychological therapy method called "rescue therapy"?
Can I recover from a lifetime of abuse? I'm mostly a fun and happy person but have my walls up and can't grieve or react normally to stress /conflict.
How does a daughter handle a mentally ill mother and an emotionally abusive father who are in their 90's now?
Why are there people with colonial mentality?
Why do BPD's or NPD's refuse to call you their girlfriend?
What should I do if my enemy has depression and she has nobody to help her?
Do people act crazy to stay sane?
Am I actually depressed? How should I seek help?
Why do people suffering depression push other people away?
Seeing as how psychopathy isn't a diagnosable condition, what were psychopaths diagnosed with?
Other than cognitive behavioural therapy (ERP) and medication, is there any effective treatment for OCD?
What is my best option when I am being mentally abused in India?
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
What are some good jobs that people with bipolar disorder can do?
Is anime safe for people with depression?
How can I find out whether I'm disturbed or depressed?
What can I do to cope with depression if I don't have access to a therapist?
I’ve had acne on my back, chest, and jawline for years. Will they ever go away, and what can be the reason?
What keeps suicidal people going?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
What is a natural cure for paranoia?
Are people with lower social anxiety levels easier to mentor (because they more willingly approach people you suggest)?
If a person enjoyed being out a lot at night, might that indicate a mental illness?
Why do highly intelligent people often suffer from mental illnesses?
How do I tell my family that I have depression and want help?
Can plagiarism cause too much loss to a person? If yes, how?
Can a person be cured of PTSD?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
Is it possible to "turn" into a sociopath later in life if you've been through traumatic experiences, have traits, but still feel empathy?
How should one cope with the constant "slippage" back to depression particularly when meds poop out?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
What's the most common symptom of manic episode?
Does Sadhguru suffer or has he suffered from PTSD?
What does one have to do to be in a mental hospital? Can one voluntarily go? If not, what can one do to be forced into one?
Why does pole dancing burn so much when you start out? Will it ever go away?
What is myeloproliferative disorder?
Can someone with social anxiety become a psychologist?
I feel lost about who I am. Is my anxiety and depression making me doubt myself?
What is the average length of a relationship with a psychopath?
What causes a person to become a workaholic?
How do teens with BPD act usually?
How does it feel to have an anxiety attack?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
Can a person have bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder at the same time?
Aren't the people who aid & abet severely obese, bedridden family members mentally ill?
Has depression changed your original personality?
How can I be more comforting to my bipolar friend? The friend has untreated bipolar disorder.
What could be causing my body to go all weak? I just can't stop shaking and it makes my vision all black and blurry. I do suffer from anxiety and depression. Could it all be connected?
Why do I feel empty unless I self harm?
Is there a bot you can talk to when you’re depressed?
Can psychopaths have cognitive empathy?
Am I right to assume that all psychopaths are rich or at least not poor since they are master in manipulation and always get what they want?
Do I have bipolar disorder or some underlying psychiatric issue?
When does someone start getting anxiety problems? I'm writing a story where the main character is keeping something huge from everyone for 2 months.
Is ASPD the same thing as sociopathy?
Why do people with BPD deny having BPD?
How can we manage our depression without medication?
Do sleeping for 16 hours can cause health or mental problem?
Have any of you "psychopaths" tried an antidepressant?
What should I do if I self-harm but don’t know why?
Is it wrong to feel constant depression?
Why do people purposely commit suicide?
Are there people who have successfully come out of depression (or are in process of doing so)?
Do people who suffer from PTSD also suffer from paranoia?
At what age can someone be clinically diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder?
Why do people have a cheap mentality?
What are the best way to fight depression naturally?
What is something you thought was normal but was disgusting when you thought about it?
What emotion is the most difficult for a psychopath to mimic?
What are the symptoms for chronic depression?
I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Is autism seen in a similar way as mental illness?
Why do I zone out so often and is it a cause for worry?
Do psychotherapists provide the same legal provision for client confidentiality as lawyers do?
How do you deal with suicidal people?
Why do people suffer from depression?
What are the somatic symptoms of anxiety?
How does the health insurance repeal affect mentally ill persons, specifically homeless mentally ill persons?
Does unpredictability create disorder, or does disorder create unpredictability (disorder as in entropy)?
What are the reasons of someone with BPD getting fired from work?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
Norwegian Wood (1987 book): Why did Naoko commit suicide?
What on earth can cause a person to commit suicide?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Do insects have mental illness like humans?
Should I talk to my research adviser about my depression?
How do you manage things you can't control (like family issues, illness, etc)?
Do some people fake mental disorder like having NPD or being a psychopath?
What is the transition into schizophrenia like?
Isn’t it inevitable that people will scream or shout out at others, to reduce their mental stress?
How do you stay mentally strong around negative people?
Is masturbation bad for mental health?
What are the ways to get out of stress and depression?
Are Robert Thompson and Jon Venables psychopaths or sociopaths?
Is there any illness that causes one to steal money always?
Can depression make someone a criminal?
Can a doctor have a personality disorder?
How do I get one free psychotherapy session?
Have you ever been in that much of depression in which you want to cry badly but cannot?
Is paranoia in bipolar disorder the same as paranoia in schizophrenia?
Is access bars therapy really effective?
What do investors do when they find out the person has a history of depression?
Is there anyone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder in Bhopal?
What is the best remedy for anxiety?
How do people who suffer from borderline personality disorder and narcissism at the same time differ from people who suffer from borderline only?
Can a narc take medication or go to therapy to help with their personality disorder?
How do you know when your boyfriend is bipolar?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both social anxiety and bipolar disorder?
How does a middle-age man with Asperger’s and severe social anxiety and no social services survive?
Is social anxiety a real mental illness that needs to be professionally treated or is it simply caused by a lack of social skills or self confidence?
How can you stop depersonalization?
How do I overcome depression after a bad performance in NEET?
I don't want to be depressed anymore but still can't find the motivation to do anything about it. How do I finally just move?
What are some tricks and hacks that can be used in an Android application to help users overcome depression?
Why is there a distinction between bipolar I and bipolar II?
Is taking a gap year for my mental health a bad thing? Why is everyone making it sound so bad?
Are the symptoms in the question details indicative of symptoms of depression?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths still like Hannibal, regardless of the wrong prescription of a psychopath?
Knowing that fear is a mental state, how can we definitively suppress/overcome it?
Who are some good psychiatrists, psychologists or mental doctors in Pune?
Why is talking to self considered insane?
Will a psychopath try to take advantage of me, since I have no fears?
Can one catch schizophrenia from raising a kid with schizophrenia?
Does exercise really make depression go away?
Why does a person get depressed?
What else can cause BPD besides childhood trauma?
Can I go to a psychiatrist without parental consent?
Is it right to commit suicide for being short?
How can I transform myself to become my greatest version physically and mentally?
Why does psychotic depression make you not think right and blame others?
Can love sickness cause bipolar disorder?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Are psychopaths parasites? Do they need victims to survive?
What clinical evidence is there (if any) linking dehydration and depression?
Would you break up with someone living with depression and social anxiety?
Why does Quora allow so many questions that passive-aggressively stigmatize mental illness?
How do you know if a therapist is trying to control you?
How do psychopaths keep their masks clean?
Is there any type of OCD that happens only when you are on the internet (let’s say an internet sub-type of OCD)?
What is mental decompensation, and how do you deal with it?
Are these symptoms a sign of a mental disorder?
Am I a psychopath if I have the actual urge to kill someone?
Will somebody please shout out 3 awesome things about anyone you know with BPD? Can't we be good parents & friends, too? Can our loyalty be duly noted?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
Why is mental illness criminalized?
How can I live without depression?
What do I do if my mom and therapist wants to put me in a psych ward for a suicide attempt? How do I convince them not to?
How do people on Xanax or other powerful anti-anxiety drugs respond to a legitimate threat to their safety?
Should I tell on my first psychiatric appointment what kind of disorders I think I have?
What is the most terrifying mental illness one could experience that they are still aware of, that isn't acute schizophrenia?
Can a person that has bipolar illness and borderline personality disorder ever have a successful relationship?
How do I escape? How do I recover from being with someone who is an NPD, or who is a sociopath?
How does a sociopath react when you move on?
Why am I mentally confused and having more than one thought at all times?
Do people with psychosis or a psychotic breakdown know that about themselves? Are they cognizant they are in an alternate reality/breakdown?
I have severe depression as I've taken multiple quizzes. What do I do? Do I tell family?
Should I tell my teacher about having travel anxiety?
Is fantasizing regularly about killing people, and how you would kill them, a sign of mental illness?
Is a "multiple body disorder" ever recorded?
What is the psychological reason for anxiety caused by unread text messages?
Why am I insane?
If a depressed person has addictions, can he go to rehab?
Are young people committing suicide in North America in higher numbers or are we just hearing about it more?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder ever feel remorse?
Centering on medical studies, are psychopaths born “as psychopaths” or is there always a contributing factor?
If you have Bipolar Disorder and your thyroid is off, could that trigger a manic episode?
At what age does signs of mental illness begin to show?
I can't eat when I'm anxious. It's really weird because I feel a chocking sensation and feel very tight inside my throat. Is that normal?
If people are so worried about me committing suicide, why aren't they doing anything?
Have you ever discovered someone was a sociopath? If so, what gave them away?
Is there a difference between INFJ disembodiment and depersonalization?
What is it like when you first develop a borderline personality disorder?
What is the best medication for bipolar 2?
How often do people with paranoid schizophrenia hear voices? Also, I don't understand how people don't realize they're hallucinating?
What's the best way to get someone with borderline personality disorder (BPD) into treatment or Dialectical Behavior Therapy when they don't believe they have a problem in the first place?
Can you be a sociopath without having severe trauma and having had a relatively normal life?
How do you know if you are a high functioning autistic?
Could stimulation from sex help someone with anxiety?
What would a race of psychopaths be like?
What is the least painful way to commit suicide?
How can a therapist deal and solve weird and uncommon phobias that are extremely severe?
Is someone with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to be abusive?
My fiance is mentally ill. What should I do?
What are healthy alternatives to self harming?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Why do we have different theoretical models to explain mental illness?
Is there a correlation between childhood trauma and attention deficit disorder?
Where do I find mental healthcare professionals and deep thinkers experienced in the therapeutic application of existentialism?
Is rage in bipolar disorder considered a symptom or a coping mechanism?
Do people who hear voices ever hear useful information or positive things or are the voices always negative and delusional?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Who's worse than a psychopath?
As a person who has bipolar disorder, what was the bravest thing you have ever done in your life?
I'm 29 years old and feel the angriest I have ever been right now. What is the best thing for me to do?
What exactly is "ego loss" and is it a side effect or precursor to a personality disorder, or something else entirely?
Why do I wish I was a psychopath?
How bad can depression get if it doesn't go away, and I just ignore it?
Can we heal a depressed person with reiki?
How long is a hospital/psychiatric stay for a failed suicide attempt?
How do you explain that depression is a feeling, directed by brain chemistry, that doesn't go away no matter what action is taken?
Is there any good way to get rid of a fetish?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
Why is mental health such an ignored topic in Indian society?
My father thinks my clinically diagnosed ADHD is fake and has been prohibiting me from getting medicine. What should I tell him?
What are my options if I can't afford a psychological evaluation?
Is depression a genetic disease, or is it affected or triggered by environment?
Why are depressed people usually smarter?
What will you tell someone who is going to commit suicide?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
Do psychopaths ever feel like life is a game?
What are the tips to overcome stress?
How do you mentally prepare yourself two days before a major examination?
What should a boy do if he is suffering from a mobile addiction?
What happens to a person with dextrocardia disorder?
How can I be ok with letting someone in?
Do gadgets help in overcoming depression? If so what apps/games you suggest?
Does lithium really work for depression?
What are the differences between having a very anxious-preoccupied attachment style and suffering from BPD?
How did you survive the emotional fallout from being manipulated by a malevolent sociopath?
Are there any circumstances where I shouldn't tell my psychologist something?
Did Kierkegaard have obsessive compulsive disorder?
How we can reduce suicide while under depression?
Is Cardio B the right supplement for maintaining mental and physical health?
I am from India, my mother has some psychological problem and I want to take her to a psychiatrist, but I don't know how. Are there any suggestions? How can I get some help?
I know very short moments of perceived out-of-body-experiences. Does that mean I have a clinical form of dissociative disorder?
Will Psychopaths fake other personality disorders to confuse their victims?
Why is it so frequent that people with mental illnesses also have severe dental problems?
Is a psychologist allowed to commit a patient to a psych ward?
How do I overcome social anxiety without professional treatment?
If I see a violently graphic scene on TV I feel as though I am experiencing it, is this typical of spectrum disorders?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
Does it mean that you were a low-functioning psychopath when you behaved impulsively and ruthlessly as a teenager?
What foods can help with managing bipolar disorder?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
Have you ever tried to commit suicide, and why?
Can you help a psychopath?
Why are more and more people affected by stress, anxiety, and depression, compared to the past and previous generations?
Do terrorists ever get PTSD?
Can a person fake himself as a schizophrenia patient?
Which is the best way to quit psychodynamic psychotherapy?
I’m cutting myself in order to feel something. Is this a sign of a mental disorder?
What kind of obsessions does a person have if he got both OCD and depression?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
Which Naruto characters are sociopaths?
How can someone tell if they have anxiety?
Recently, my parents suffered a huge financial loss of 70 lacs Rs? Both of them are inconsolable and are in a deep depression. What should I do?
If you screw up between 14-22, can you recover from it and be a fully contributing member of society?
How do I forget my depression?
How long will it take until people with mental illnesses are treated like regular humans?
A guy has developed OCD and depression due to years of bullying in school and college. Can he ever stop taking OCD medication and lead a normal life?
What are some ways to relax your mind out of all of your anxiety and stress?
I read about Junko Furuta and now I am depressed, do you have any advice?
How do North Americans feel about their mental health?
Which is a better world: bipolar or multipolar? How?
Why would a college student commit suicide?
Are there any treatment centres that specialise in addiction and borderline personality disorder comorbidity?
How can an average person mentally change mind to improve himself?
Does psychotherapy really help overcoming depression?
Does being diagnosed with a mental disorder as a teenager affect the chance of becoming an astronaut?
When do I become matured mentally?
Should I seek mental help?
What causes mental weakness?
Psychopaths and sociopaths, how did you react when you were first diagnosed with this "disorder" and what were your first thoughts on it?
Is there any way to commit suicide in a way that seems as an accident in India?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
Can you get a panic attack over a relationship?
How do I know that I need medical attention for depression? What are the general symptoms?
If one has dissociative identity disorder, how can she stop switching her personality?
What are some stories where people have failed multiple times, due to the instability of their minds?
Can bipolar I disorder comorbid with bipolar II disorder?
What if I diagnosed my partner as a narcissit wrongly?
Which mental illnesses cause libido to increase?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager forever and improve my life?
What benefit does a psychopath find in building a relationship with someone if they don't really feel anything toward them?
How do I motivate myself since I am depressed because of betrayal?
Should we really blame the NPD while we understand that he is a mentally ill person?
Is there any mental illness associated with excessive anthropomorphizing?
If you check off for the qualifications of being a sociopath, but not because of the lack if ability, but because of desire/choice, are you still one?
Are narcissists delusional and mentally unstable?
How can you tell if you’re a psychopath?
How do you get out of a depressing state?
Is being mentally strong a choice?
How often is someone misdiagnosed with bipolar II instead of severe depression with anxiety? (This is what I think has happened to me.)
What was the view of mental health in Victorian times?
I am seeing a therapist for depression. Are anti-depressants necessary? Is there such thing as a "mild" anti-depressant?
What percentage of bipolar people are helped through medication?
How do you help someone with depression when you are living in a different country?
Is Sigmund Freuds' dream interpretation still relevant in modern psychology and determining causes for mental illness?
What are the biggest challenges you face as a sales manager?
Who is someone who reduces your social anxiety (in the sense that if they approach someone, they reduce your fear of approaching the same person)?
Psychopaths show a lack of fear, but is it a complete lack? Does anything make them afraid?
I'm an 18 year old (guy) ENTP that has OCD, Social anxiety disorder, and ADD. Is this common for an ENTP, or did I just lose the genetic lottery?
Are there any consequences to having mental illness diagnoses in your medical records?
Are dads with a victim mentality too lazy to raise a boy?
What are some examples of conduct disorder?
What is the best natural stress relief for ptsd?
I got multiple 94–100% scores on tests to help assess if someone is a psychopath or not. What should I do?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
Hi I am really worried. I suffer from anxiety and OCD. And I suffer from repetitive blasphemes thoughts. I am a christian. i have Thoughts like the unpardonable  sin. Now the thing that worries me is that say I get baptized in the Holy Spirit and I try to speak in tongues. But I can't speak In tongues. Is it possible that I committed the unpardonable sin because I can't speak In Tongues after I was baptized by the Holy Spirit? I have these thoughts about the unpardonable sin like almost every day. I don't want to have these thoughts.
How do I know whether my forgetfulness, restlessness and inability to pay attention is due to depression or ADHD?
I am extremely suicidal these days. What should I do? I am scared of life. I don't want to suffer anymore.
How can I convince a person with schizophrenia to get help?
Is hypnotherapy an effective method of dealing with dissociative disorder?
Is the teenage depression hotline effective?
What are some interesting facts about psychopathy in relation to IQ?
My parents are never going to accept the fact that I'm in severe depression who needs a treatment. What should I do?
What would you say is the worst thing about being a sociopath/psychopath?
What neurotypical behaviors are most puzzling to psychopaths?
How do you become motivated and lively after years of depression?
Do some psychopaths cut themselves so they can feel an emotion?
How can I recover from the depression of failure in my educational career upon graduation?
Are there foods that can ease or worsen depression?
Why did Hannah commit suicide?
Are people with borderline disorder delusional, or do they often misinterpret what is being said and what is actually meant by that?
What would happen to a person's physical and mental state if they were buried alive in a coffin for several days?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
Are weird thoughts caused by anxiety and depression?
What are the pros and cons of taking anxiety medications?
What medical condition is Anirudha Agarwal diagnosed with?
What should I do if I’m suffering from depression and my younger sister is aware of this fact but still she doesn't understand me or even respect me?
I am getting very depressed about the events happening in my life. What are some ways to get out from depression?
Why doesn't the psychology community recognize psychopathy as different to ASDP?
How can one expose a likely malignant narcissist to authorities and other trained professionals when children are on the line?
Why do some people feel threatened by people who have mental illnesses?
If someone is depressed, what are the chances someone else in their family is too?
What is it like to suffer from depression?
Am I depressed because my father died or am I depressed because it could be genetic?
What are the worst cases of schizophrenia disorders?
Will ADHD give you depression?
Why do I feel anxious about a kiss?
How come a narcissist can't apologize or realize they are wrong?
Does depression go away with time?
What are third wave behavior therapies?
Do gay people have more mental illness than the general population?
How do I stop my depression caused by bad grades and gaming?
Are Northern Europe countries like Sweden the heaven for anti-social and non-ambitious people?
Can a psychopath tell that they're a psychopath before they've been diagnosed?
Does the stable state last longer in schizophrenia or in bipolar disorder?
Is Damon Salvatore a sociopath?
I have depression ad anxiety, how can I convince my parents to allow me to see a psychiatrist?
How do you deal with a partner who thinks your mental illness is something you do on purpose?
Is drinking a sign of depression?
Can anxiety cause suicidal thoughts or is it only a depression thing?
Can a normal person increase his mental capacity to a great level, meaning memory, creativity, etc.?
Have you ever had a partner who suffered dependant PD and Avoidant PD? How did you manage?
Which is worse, depression or anxiety?
Where can I find a forum to connect with engineers dealing with depression?
Is depression more prevalent in an urban society or is it just more prominent due to the advancements in mental health research?
Why does my social anxiety go away when I speak another language?
Why do I get so anxious when someone laughs at me?
Psychopaths, does it affect you that sometimes your actions and your involvement change an outcome of a situation?
Scientifically, can a person suffer from boredom?
What are the best meds to combat severe anxiety?
Should I commit suicide, if I am going though depression?
I’m 21 and got a new job in road construction for a change in my life/atmosphere and money. Will my mental health be negatively impacted by the long hours with less sleep?
Risk is not a choice but a compulsion. Why?
Is discarding and destroying what should be treasured possessions a warning sign of impending suicide attempt?
Can a sociopath choose to be a good person?
Does inactivation of the mGluR5 receptor in OCD patients help stop obsessions or only compulsions?
Have you been peed upon by somebody else?
Why can't I stand bright lights or loud noises?
How do I stop being so anxious and self concious?
Is anxiety normal when switching from Sertraline to Escitalopram?
How does Phenergan treat anxiety?
I hate being alone during my panic attacks. How can I cope?
How does it feel to fully recover from a serious clinical depression that lasts a few years or more? Is it really possible to live in a normal way afterwards?
What is some advice about helping my PTSD diagnosed husband?
Can psychopaths comprehend the experience of emotion?
What are some ways to not let others disturb our mental peace?
Are more people depressed than ever or am I incorrectly perceiving the world that way due to myself being so depressed?
How do I get cured from stress? I got BP and now my head spins in the morning. I am working in a good MNC. My dream is to become an entrepreneur. I am confused about whether to quit my job and work for a startup.
Is there any psychologist who offers free consultation?
Are Avoidant Personality Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome possibly be both present?
Can something else besides abuse cause BPD?
Do people fall into a bell curve of psychopathy: psychopaths as typically described at one end and people empathetic to a fault at the other end?
How does being depressed affect you?
Do people abuse drugs and alcohol, or do drugs and alcohol abuse people?
By avoiding pessimism, could you combat paranoia?
Has anyone tried committing suicide?
If I'm mentally healthy, but I'm usually drawn to people who probably have depression, does it mean I'm not as healthy as I think I am?
How do some people with bipolar disorder manage life without treatment?
What is the most probable reason a mentally strong teenager would suicide? (It could be anything you've come across or someone else's 'story')
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
What is insanity and at which point can a person be classified as "medically insane"?
Do psychopaths use pseudonyms on Quora?
Does anyone else feel anxious when your cellphone rings?
Is it possible for a sociopath to be an A-lister (that is, fit all the psychopathic categories, e.g., no emotion, ego-driven)?
What are some daily things you can do that make you mentally stronger?
What narcissistic trait do BDP men have?
What are the ways to prevent the "freeze" response to stressful situations?
What does “borderline” mean in personality disorders?
Why does nicotine cause anxiety?
If we start with a perfect soul, then what is a rational explanation for mental illness?
What is specific social anxiety, and how can a person overcome it?
Does a sociopath or psychopath's face truly morph when they transfer into one of their other personalities?
What are your quick personal strategies when you feel depressed in the middle of the vicious cycle of negative thoughts?
Can I become a therapist if I have social anxiety?
Can you have bipolar and borderline personality disorder?
Why can't I just look past my anxiety?
To what extent does genetics affect susceptibility to depression?
In what ways do mothers with borderline personality disorder affect their children?
Why is psychological health often ignored?
Can I get mental health leave from school?
Does anyone in India consult therapists or seek psychological counseling?
What are the common traits of people who have suffered from emotional trauma?
Do psychopaths think there is any inherent value in humanity?
Why are footballers suffering from mental illness?
It has been suggested to me that a female with BPD is likely to be a psychopath. I am BPD and share a lot of symptoms, does this make me a psychopath?
Has anyone dealt with a narcissistic personality? How did you recover? Do we ever recover?
What are some experiences of a person living with bipolar disorder?
How do I know if I'm an introvert or just extremely depressed?
How much do psychiatrists charge?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
How can you help someone else with their PTSD flashback?
If your favorite singer turned out to be a pervert psychopath, would you still listen to his works?
How do I know that if I have depression or not?
How do I monitor the biochemical markers that give rise to my anxiety?
How common is it to lose friends when you are manic?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
I am so depressed at this moment. What should​ I do?
What questions do you have for people who self-harm?
What can one do to be more neurotic?
Should chronically depressed patients be allowed to have access to a medically-assisted death?
I think I have avoidant personality disorder, should I bring this up with my therapist?
How can I reduce pre-result anxiety?
How do I help my husband who is suffering from depression?
Can risperidone cause anhedonia, and will it go away once it’s off?
What is the most probable reason a teenager would commit or attempt suicide (it could be something you've come across or heard from someone else)?
Why do some people tend to attract people with personality disorders into their life?
How was the LGBT movement converted into a byproduct of genetics, and not a symptom of mental illness?
At age 22, how do I deal with depression and suicidal feelings?
Why does depression lead to doing more drugs?
Is it possible to get PTSD from a dream?
Is it bad that I resent my mentally ill sister, after she dropped out of two universities, leaving us broke?
What are some things to reflect on or think of that will help cope with thoughts of suicide?
I am 17 but my mental age is 34. Is it normal?
How did you overcome your mental block as a Quora writer?
Is there an apparent trend of armchair psychologists assigning BPD to others (as in say narcissism)?
What are the physical ways to reduce tension and anxiety before and during the exam days?
Why do my psychiatric symptoms appear only after noon?
How likely are schizophrenics to commit suicide?
How long does euthymia last in bipolar disorder?
What would your life be like if you suddenly no longer had BPD?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both ADHD and a mood disorder?
How can I cure a dissociative disorder?
Is it bad that I treat my social anxiety as a human being to help cope with it?
What is the significance of the exposure therapy when treating phobias?
How do we help people who suffer from depression as a result of altering their online identities to mask their fears or for other reasons?
I sterilise my self harm tools with an isopropyl alcohol lens wipe. Is this sufficient?
Why does marijuana cause anxiety?
What can I do when my therapist and mother want to send me to a mental hospital?
How can I tell if I am experiencing genuine kundalini or psychosis/schizophrenia?
Whenever life gets normal, I begin getting depressed again. How do you think I can prevent that or reduce the feeling?
Can you share some stories about childhood emotional abuse or psychological traumas?
I feel really angry at all times. What should I do?
What distinctions separate BPD and adult child symptoms?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
How can I get over my severe social anxiety enough to not mess up every relationship I have before they even have a chance to be something?
Is depersonalization and derealization a type of psychosis?
Are people on the dark web more likely to have some kind of disorder?
Is there any rehabilitation center in Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
How can I avoid lashing out when manic or depressed without cutting myself off from everyone?
Dear psychopaths/sociopaths, do you think it's possible to feel and simultaneously be "completely" logical?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
Has anyone actually overcome depression and suicidal feelings?
I was told that having "fur-babies" or pets as replacement for having children should be considered a mental disorder. What is your opinion on this?
How do you leave someone with BPD?
What do you do when you feel really blue and depressed?
What are some good methods that can relieve you from anxiety?
What is it like to have depression and anxiety (by the definition in the psychology field)?
Should a person tell others their mental health diagnosis?
I am 100% sure that I have ASPD, I want to go to a therapist but I don't want my mother to know, what should I do?
What was it like when you were first diagnosed with PTSD?
What is the mental health outcome of a child born of two parents who both have personality disorders?
How bad does an event need to be to shatter a 6-9-year-old's innocence?
Is it normal to feel anxious randomly?
How can I stop this nightly depression that is crushing me?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
What is the way to come out of depression? Is using drugs or alcohol the right way to come out?
Has violence against people with mental illness increased recently in America?
What are the risks of having anxiety and numbness in my face?
Can someone with schizoaffective be originally misdiagnosed with boderline personality disorder?
Is there a specific test I can take to see if I have BPD?
Isn't taking anxiety meds just helping you avoid facing your problems?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
If you're emotionless but still sane (i.e., you make rational conclusions and don't hear things that aren't there), are you still considered psychopathic?
How common is the feeling of guilt for someone who has bipolar disorder?
I'm always anxious when taking notes. What should I do?
Does the television series “13 Reasons Why” glorify suicide?
Do you always have a feeling of dread for no particular reason? Is this another symptom of anxiety?
I show a lot of symptoms for a few mental disorders. How can I be sure?
Will antipsychotics "help" my anorexia?
I feel normal when my mind is distracted, but when I have nothing to do, I go crazy and feel suicidal. Is this normal?
What are some good jobs or careers for people with severe sleep disorders?
If you cut yourself, are you depressed?
How can I control distractions which I encounter during depression or overloaded happiness?
What would a person's psychological effects be if he was stuck in time permanently?
Can a psychopath be scarred?
Does sleep affect mental health?
How do I deal with a stressful birth mom?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
Do I have anxiety disorder when I told my mom I was ill so I didn't have to go to school since I would've been late and I would be stared at in class?
I’m 24 and really want to die because of manic depression and social and normal anxiety. What should I do?
What makes depression so scary?
How do you motivate a person who is in extreme depression and not willing to take any advice?
How do I tell others that I have depression without feeling guilty?
Psychopaths, are you curious about what it's like to have emotions?
How can we eliminate the mental illness stigma?
How would psychopaths react if they're "scared" in a way?
What do you do if someone threatens to commit suicide?
How should I enjoy the life if I have some mental disorders like autism?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
How come I have social anxiety?
What do you do if you feel depressed and suicidal and have no one to talk to?
Is it possible to have the opposite of postpartum depression? (i.e. the period after birth is the only time you feel "normal"?)
What are better treatments for anxiety that should be taken?
Are there any mental diagnoses that require the victim to be held in an establishment?
What is a psychological evaluation like?
Has anyone moved because you found yourself clashing with the culture of your city, and it made you feel depressed?
Today, I found out that my 12-year-old sister started cutting herself off from my mom. How can I help my sister or be useful to her in some way?
What is bipolar? How does it feel? Because I’m not sure if I suffer from it.
Why does depression come from nowhere sometimes?
Do psychopaths get bored really easy since they can't feel fear or get much of an adrenaline rush? What do they do to keep themselves entertained?
What symptoms does a person with Pellagra have?
Can you just ask someone whether he is a psychopath or not?
How would a psychopath react to a killer clown with a machete walking up to him/her?
How long does an average bipolar episode last?
Do pathological liars end up with anxiety disorders or any other disorder from having to keep track of all of their lies?
How did you find out your father has antisocial personality disorder?
How do you describe the biology behind depression under 2 minutes?
Is there another difference between bipolar type 1 and type 2 besides the severity of the two disorders?
Have you found that caffeine helps with your bipolar disorder symptoms?
What was Nietzsche's mental disorder preceding his death?
How did your parents react when they found out you are a psychopath? Did they always suppose it or was it a surprise?
Do psychopaths ever have such a convincing mask that they even convince themselves?
Can you go to hell if you have evil thoughts because of your OCD?
Have you had thoughts of suicide?
Are there any chemistry based or other objective tests for mental illnesses?
How do you discuss violent crimes that you haven't been charged for with a mental health professional without them breaking confidentiality?
Is it possible to have PTSD from something that was not sexual abuse or a physical threat?
Is therapy helpful for most people?
Can people with NPD be cured or is there a treatment?
Are sociopaths typically hotheaded?
If a mental illness is impacting your job performance, does it make sense to talk to HR or your manager about it? What are the risks?
How do anti-depression pills work in our bodies?
Depression has made me a better person. Without trying to "get rid of it", what are some ways to manage it?
What is your opinion on labeling someone who has mental disabilities as retarded in a non derogatory way?
How can I talk my depressed girlfriend into getting help?
How long did it take you to get over your depression and become happy again?
What does it feel like to be ill?
Gaming makes me depressed as a teen. Should I stop gaming?
What did you do while you were in depression, but had important tasks coming up?
How do I identify depression in my teen?
If a child was not abused, what else causes a narcissistic personality disorder?
How can I convince my parents I am not depressed or self harming?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Why is my social anxiety worse when I'm around my family? I go out of my way to avoid them because they make me feel nervous and I hide from them.
How can I tell if I'm actually depressed and have anxiety or if I am just going through a "teen phase"?
Within 1 hour of brainstorming and finding a great concept for a book, why do I feel mentally drained?
Do you believe it is better for a client to plan what to discuss in a psychotherapy session or just allow things to "naturally" unfold?
My mom wants me committed to a psych ward for attempting suicide. How do I convince her not to put me in a psych ward?
Are people who have depression just weak?
Is it better to have anxiety about something and yet do it well, or to have confidence but do it terribly?
Is high functioning depression real? Where can I get professional information online?
Why is the number of people being treated for mental illnesses still rapidly increasing if the most common treatments (therapy & drugs) are effective?
How can I deal with horrifying events only I will suffer from?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
How can anyone come out from mental harassment?
What causes mental decompensation?
What percent of people who struggle with anxiety/depression as adults came from an abusive childhood, and why do you think that is?
Do malignant narcissists hoover after discarding you?
What are the symptoms of a child with depression?
What is the subtle difference between psychosomatic sensations and tactile hallucinations?
Why does my wife incist on me having shaved genitals?
Can I study well if I am suffering from chickenpox?
How can I distinguish anhedonia from depression from anhedonia from schizoid personality disorder?
Why does Pinterest cause depression and even shame in some women?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the mental health space?
What do people who are unable to work (due to illness) do to fill their days?
Would everyone benefit from a therapist?
Is there an analogue of a "baby box/hatch" for suicidal people?
Does forcing myself to do things help cure depression?
How do I treat OCD contact contamination by myself?
What do I do when I'm ugly and want to commit suicide?
Why did humans develop mentally more than physically?
Other than suicide and execution, what is the hangman's noose used for?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Why do psychopaths try to correct and educate people about psychopathy while they can benefit from people's ignorance of the subject?
Are there differences in someone being bipolar and someone having BPD, and if so, what are they?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
What would you think of your future if you had a mom who had just committed suicide for depression?
Is there a definitive point in time where we can say Hitler went from sane to insane?
What are some things that psychopaths know they are better at than an NT is?
Can a bad childhood cause adult survivors to lie excessively and uncontrollably? Is it a mental disorder or just plain human nature?
How can you overcome and/or thrive while having Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
Why are drama teachers so insane?
Do you think about suicide as a mentally healthy person?
Is being bipolar curable?
How would someone come back from schizophrenia?
Is there really something like depression?
Why are so many complex ptsd sufferers uncomfortable with close freindships?
What's the best way to help someone with dissociative identity disorder without making it worse for that individual?
Asking for help before committing suicide. I'm suffering from herpes 1 & I can't find help. Can someone guide me to a good non-judgemental doctor?
Why do people throw around terms like "sociopath" and "psychopath" without knowing what they truly mean?
Can a sociopath love and be co-dependent?
What is the latest medical research on bipolar 1 disorder?
Which is the most common cause of suicides and what is the most common way of suicide?
Do psychopaths experience skin frisson?
What does being in a depression feel like? I feel like I am depressed.
Why mental health matters to global health?
Why are teenagers more susceptible to depression than adults?
What are psychopaths’ interests?
Are there any known people who could be sociopaths (not psychopaths)?
How can I convince my mom that I think I have depression and I should be taken to the doctor and tested?
If a therapist can't work with someone that they're attracted to, does that mean my therapist isn't attracted to me?
Is there a correlation between depression and being second-born?
What are the secret ingredients to building mental strength?
How does it take people years before they realise they're bipolar?
Is it common for people with borderline personality disorder to be brutally honest even when it does them harm?
How does a person get physically and mentally stronger?
Can second hand weed smoke cause panic and anxiety attacks?
Why are the depressed people lazy?
How bad is Japan’s Princess Masako's "adjustment disorder" illness affecting her life & personality?
What are the specific behaviors you consider to diagnose BPD?
What is the worst kind of depression?
Are psychiatrists fully authorized to purchase psychoactive drugs?
Do people who can turn their empath qualities on and off exist although they are not psychopaths?
Was Tom Riddle a sociopath or a psychopath?
Does social anxiety make you want to die?
Can marriage make you depressed even when you're not being abused?
What would your reaction be if I committed suicide?
How did you discover that your crazy partner may have borderline personality disorder?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
Can a person who can make eye contact have social anxiety?
How would a child's development be impacted if they encountered severe PTSD at the age of 3?
What is your X-Men superpower?
What should I do about the fear of having a stroke and losing the languages I knew and this fear preventing me from learning a new language?
How can I study properly if I'm suffering from anxiety?
Is it better for someone with depression to scream out or to suffer in silence?
How do you prevent mental decompensation?
Has there ever been a psychologist who committed suicide?
What happens if you faint in a psych ward?
If others cannot recover fully from depression then why and how can I?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
Can someone with DID (dissociative identity disorder) kill one of his/her alters?
What is the best strategy for those whose therapy sessions are limited? My insurance only covers 10 sessions a year.
How can a schizophrenic go to a hospital instead of a prison?
I have been diagnosed recently with borderline persoanlity disorder and I have been feeling that I made everything up. Is it common to feel that way?
Can we drop the idea of psychopath as an identity or label?
Are people who suffer from depression lazy?
Does counselling help even if the person is adamant about not cooperating with the counsellor?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
How does a psychopath behave if s/he doesn't care to wear a mask around people?
How do I self harm?
Is it legal to refuse to sell a gun to someone who looks mentally ill?
In your opinion, at what age is the average woman both physically and mentally ready to have children?
How do you make a relationship work long term with a psychopath/sociopath?
As per Islam, life and death are in God's hands, then why are people able to take their own lives?
Should we commit suicide or not?
Why don't mentally healthy people have mercy towards people who have mental illnesses?
What are some immediate ways to help a panic attack?
What herbs can I take to nullify an anxiety attack?
What is homosexual obsessive compulsive disorder (HOCD)?
What should you do if someone is having a nervous breakdown?
How do I control my anxiety while studying? Often while studying, all kinds of thoughts on the 5 exams I should sustain appear and I start to panic.
I'm sure I used to suffer from OCD when I was a child. How do I tell my parents this?
My crush ran away after sex and I've lost confidence in myself. How do I regain it?
Why does Salman Khan like to play characters with mental issues? Does that come naturally to him, or does a lot of effort go into it?
Does insanity always have a physiological background?
Why do I get depressed when I'm on the Internet for a long time?
The breathing techniques discovered by Wim Hof can help eliminate depression and anxiety, but can it send blood flowing to anywhere in the body?
How do I get a girlfriend when I'm depressed?
Do you believe that estrogen therapy reduces physical strength in transwomen?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
I was sexually abused as a child. Has this affected me in ways I am not aware of?
What would earn a psychopath's unstoppable vengeance against you?
Is there a link between an avoidant personality disorder and constant daydreaming?
Every person is a multi personality. What's your thought?
How do I help manage/understand/support a loved one that suffers from depression, anxiety, & anger issues?
How can anxiety make you feel weak?
What are the things which can give you mental peace?
How much should you rest in a day?
Scary thoughts are not letting me sleep. I have anxiety. How do I overcome irrational and scary thoughts?
What are the ayahuasca health requirements?
How do I know when my introversion has turned into a social anxiety disorder?
How does a person's genetic health affect their mental and emotional health?
Can you be spiritual and OCD?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What would a psychopath’s "world" be like if he/she didn't have to conform to ours?
The recent news says that "Instagram is worst social media for young mental health". What's your honest opinion on this?
How do you cope with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
How are female psychopaths/sociopaths on their period?
Is having to always be with someone, a sign of BPD?
Why did I want to be friends with a sociopath?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
What is psychological abuse?
Why is depression sometimes sexually appealling?
Can narcissism cause OCD?
Why do psychopaths date people?
What should be done for a person who is suffering from bipolar disorder? They are in a kind of extreme stage of depression.
If someone is in a depression, trauma or any other mental cause, then is counselling/psychiatric treatment required?
How can I cope better with my step-daughter who has bi polar disorder?
How can I commit suicide without people finding out?
Can one use characteristical similarities between humans as a basis for suggesting an individual’s mentality?
What does it mean when I'm anxious but don't know exactly what I'm anxious about?
Did the person who killed John Lennon have any mental illness?
What are some ways to relieve depression?
If a psychiatrist rashly prescribes black box medication to a patient who later commits suicide as a result, can they face serious legal consequences?
I often feel depressed thinking about the future. Knowing that people I am close with will be gone (ex. deceased, moved, etc.). Is this normal?
Is there a possible cure for athritis?
How do you stop anxiety after an intruder?
Lithium for bipolar keeps manias under control. Does it also prevent the spiral down into suicidal depression?
Does the ability to scream predict longevity in patients with dementia?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
How did transgender people survive the mental anguish in centuries past when no medical intervention was available?
What are the ways to overcome a plateau situation of one's personal growth?
I'm being diagnosed for anxiety and depression. Is it okay to skip the course once in a while?
How can I remain at peace in between my parents' fight? It's taking a toll on my mental health.
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
Is there a word for such severe depression that one is on the verge of suicide?
What not to say to a narcissist?
Is there something mentally wrong with me? Acedia? BPD? Apathy? Why do I feel like this?
Is it hard to get into clinical mental counseling programs?
Was Marx mentally ill?
What're the best ways to avoid a psychological disturbance?
If mental illness is a result of cerebral chemical imbalances, why aren't diagnoses done by neuroimaging conjuncted with psychological evaluation?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
How do I take advantage of depression and get better grades?
How does self-harming start?
Has internet made people smart or hopeless mental cripples?
Can I still get some rest by lying down & closing my eyes even if I don't fall asleep?
What are some useful lists to commit to memory for mental/speed math?
Do people with depression feel depressed/empty all the time or sometimes it's strong and sometimes you can actually be happy?
Are there people in India with borderline personality disorder?
How come I have had major hallucinations from Zoloft after two days?
Can a psychopath be friends with someone who is super sensitive?
What goes wrong in early childhood development that could cause narcissistic personality disorder?
Do people with BPD regret their anger?
What keeps libertarians from going full-blown anarcho-capitalist?
Is there a disorder/disease or mental illness where you are happy one day and totally unmotivated the next?
Can anxiety disorder cause EKG/ECG abnormalities?
What do I do to get out of depression and work towards the life I want for myself?
Why did Robert Clive commit suicide?
What is the incidence of depression among homeschoolers?
What should I do if I am suffering from depression, but I don't have money for a therapist?
Do I move back home, get a job & deal with my dysfunctional but loving family, or live depressed and isolated out in the country without having to work?
What's the story behind Spoony's mental health issues?
How do the different types of mental disorders affect people?
How can you get BPD?
Do psychopaths let people walk over them because they don't care enough to do anything about it?
What's the difference between psychotic paranoia and true paranoia?
Why are members of ISIS not in mental hospitals or prison?
Is it rational to make yourself believe something for your own mental health? Would it be moral?
What is the treatment for mild paranoid schizophrenia?
What is it like to have a psychological mind?
Is it possible to have BPD and bipolar disorder?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
What is the best doTERRA oil for treating anxiety?
What are the chances of me getting bipolar disorder since my birth mom has it, and is there a way I can make my chances lower?
If I'm a sociopath/narcissist, should I go to a therapist or psychiatrist?
What can I do to improve my short-term memory and enhance my ability to retain information?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
Do people with bipolar disorder find that their creativity decreases or is lost due to the effects of psychiatric medication?
Can I see a therapist even though I’m not sure if I have a mental disorder?
Should I see a doctor or psychiatrist regarding my pseudo-Parkinson's symptoms?
A girl with signs of mental illness is accusing me of battery. What can I do?
Why am I stressed when there's nothing to be stressed about?
What are the things that make us, as psychopaths, human?
Is narcissistic personality disorder a common personality disorder serial killers have?
How did your father react when he knew you are a psychopath?
If someone with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a person who is a psychopath, how do things play out if the Psychopath wants to break up?
Why does it happen that I fight with depression for a long time and feel happy for a short period of time and again get depressed? Why is the cycle repeating?
I’m extremely sad. How can I overcome it?
Is it possible to experience anxiety and depression if you are an atheist?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
How do I overcome depression due to delay in getting pregnant?
I have an anxiety disorder and have a task trained service dog. How do I go about finding colleges that will allow this?
What are some methods for dealing with/suppressing my scrupulosity?
How do you deal with feeling depressed about politics and current affairs?
How can you cope with the thought that you will be the same person forever?
If you have seen a therapist years ago and returning to therapy, how do you introduce this information about previous psychologists or counselors?
How can I ingratiate myself into the inner circle of a psychopath after being tossed aside?
Is there any new type of mental illness that has been discovered in the last 25 years?
How can I endure all my depressing feelings?
What is the best treatment​ for anxiety​?
Is it common to not feel loved by a borderline type?
What is a female with ASPD like?
How can I explain to people about my mental illness when I don't seem "crazy" to other people most of the time?
Are psychopaths more likely or less likely to abuse drugs/alcohol?
Can a person be psychopath if he thinks of harassing someone for no reason and cries a lot?
Can I cure a derealization disorder by not thinking about the things that caused it?
When might a psychiatrist prescribe you marijuana? I live in Maryland, and I might have IBS and anxiety.
Are antidepressants like Zoloft better at treating OCD than they are at treating depression?
Why do people who are ignorant about mental illnesses brush off a person with a mental illness as just a "crazy person"?
How do psychopaths feel about justice?
Why are my coping mechanisms regressing?
Do high-functioning psychopaths understand rules and laws and understand why we follow them?
How common is abuse in mental institutions?
How many hours of sleep is necessary if you are suffering from atypical depression?
What are the psychological disorders?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, what are your symptoms besides hallucinations?
What is anaclitic depression in adults?
Why do I feel so tired, numb, and depressed all the time?
What is the best time table or daily routine for maintaining mental and physical health for a family person?
Where can I find the solution to psychological problems?
What is the best way to put a narcissist in his place?
Do you have any recommendations for counseling or therapy in Michigan, USA?
Is there any scale to measure depression? What would make you decide that you are depressed?
What causes bipolar?
Can all personal issues be broken into smaller manageable components like a mind map? If so, can these components be common across people?
What is PISTA therapy?
Can not eating be a symptom of mania/hypomania?
What makes you get over depression faster?
For psychotherapists with many decades of experience, what has changed and stayed the same in what clients have brought to therapy over the decades?
Are there any 'unreasonable' reasons for depression?
Is nail biting a sign of psychological disorder like narcissism or psychopathy?
What are my options for chronic pain that just won't go away using regular pain meds? It's making my depression and anxiety worse.
What do psychopaths think of the Hare psychopathy checklist?
How do you tell an NPD parent that they are NPD and still have a relationship?
How can I completely stop overthinking?
Is a near sudden lack (and gradual decline) of sentimentality necessarily a sign of depression, or is it acceptable as fairly often experienced by people as they age?
Why do people treat people with mental illnesses like trash?
Sometimes when I'm really tired I have insane focus. Why is that?
My teen daughter is having suicidal thoughts, how can I best love her through this?
How can I let go of anxiety and concern that I could die young?
Who are some famous paranoid schizophrenics?
What role can technology play in helping people who suffer from depression?
Is it known what gene(s) could be implicated in antisocial personality disorder and similar disorders?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
What are the best multivitamins to prevent Alzheimer's/dementia?
How common is paranoid bipolar disorder?
How do you find a therapist in Arizona who’s licensed to do DBT or dialectical behavior therapy?
How long should it take (roughly) for your therapist to give you a diagnosis?
What do I do if I have been suicidal for years?
I've been depressed for 3 years now. I'm considering suicide. What should I do?
How best can one deal with depression?
What actions would get you instantly in a mental home?
Do you tend to feel miserable with having schizoaffective disorder?
How do people perceive swallowing and anxiety disorders?
What is an explanation for how someone could be a supporter of mass murder and not be a psychopath at the same time?
Are there any conditions that are just like psychopathy but aren't?
What does compulsive mean?
Is Abbas Naderi a psychopath?
Do psychopaths feel competent?
Can circumstances make a person psychopathic like The Joker?
Is BPD considered to be a disability in Ireland?
What is Harsha Bhogle's opinion on maintaining physical and mental health in a youngster's life?
How do I make myself mentally stronger?
What should I do to overcome depression? I become over-anxious or over-depressed.
Which is your best experience with or as a psychologist?
How can anxiety make you sick?
I have heard some people say that racism and homophobia should be treated as mental health problems. Do you agree or disagree with this?
Why are so many people on Quora depressed?
Does adderal tolerance ever go away?
What is the cause of the mental depression that the world is going through?
Can I sue a psychiatrist who prescribed me antidepressants without telling me about the detrimental side effects?
What words would you tell someone who is a manic bipolar?
How can bipolar disorder be recognised?
How does it feel to fail AIPMT/NEET for the fourth time? I feel very depressed.
Why am I usually depressed during most of the day and feel much better in the evenings?
What should a complete session with a good therapist cost in Delhi?
What are some societally necessary jobs that significantly damage those performing them? (physically or mentally)
Are most successful people psychopaths or have psychopathic tendencies?
For someone who is 19 years of age and suffers from Bruxism, is it still possible to repair the damage using natural methods?
What are some short and long term solutions for someone with BPD who has failed to properly budget for monthly expenses?
How do I get over my fear of burglars?
Do psychopaths ever feel smug? If so, when?
In the UK, what is the legal/medical term for a high functioning psychopath or someone who has those traits?
Should someone with self-diagnosed early onset signs of schizophrenia pursue a career in psychiatry or medicine at all?
I have panic attacks when I lay in bed at night. I think about all the ways I have miserably failed at jobs and relationships. Is my life ruined?
Is the feeling of being 'possessed' (not being able to control ones thoughts/feelings) a symptom of dissociative identity disorder or something else?
How can you convince your mom that your brother has depression?
What is the difference between delusional disorders and psychosis due to drug abuse and sleep deprivation?
Why aren’t churches mental-disability friendly?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
Do sociopaths or psychopaths choose special persons they want to be with/manipulate?
Symptoms like breathing problems when the rise or fall and compressed chest problems are related to what health issues?
Can mild paranoid schizophrenia be prevented, why or why not?
Why doesn't my boyfriend act sympathetic towards my eating disorder?
Can you trigger a panic attack without thinking about the source of your stress?
How do I get a new psychologist (NHS)?
What are the ways by which any teenage person could overcome depression in his life, caused due to hatred towards him?
What's the difference between not throwing your drink can because of social anxiety and holding in your pee during a lecture?
Are sadness and depression the same? What do you do to cope with them?
What do psychopaths think of the child of rage, Beth Thomas' 'recovery from psychopathy'?
Both of my brothers committed suicide. How do I cope?
Is the Catholic Church against ECT? If so, can you point me in the direction to find the literature on this teaching?
What kind of psychological damage is done to the partner of someone with BPD?
Is dementia genetic?
Can bullying cause Complex PTSD?
What I am supposed to say to a clinician if I think I'm in depression?
Whom do we call mentally retarded?
Can I develop OCD because I researched it too much?
How do you cope at age 64 with the fear, worry, depression, financial uncertainty, and devastation of a job loss?
Is it possible that Hitler had PTSD?
How will be the life with a psychopath?
Are procrastination and fickle-mindedness mental conditions?
Why do intrusive thoughts cause anxiety?
Are you a different person since depression?
How does a couple that both suffer depression survive?
How do games affect a child’s mental growth?
How do I help my boyfriend with his mental illnesses?
Can praying to the devil make you schizophrenic if you ask him to make you schizophrenic?
Why do I always seem to get suicidal and at least somewhat depressed when I'm anxious and stressed out (usually from school)?
Do psychopaths and sociopaths admire malignant narcissists?
I'm only fourteen, and I think I'm depressed. What do I do?
If the mentally ill are the most vulnerable people in the world, why do mentally healthy people abuse them?
What can I do about my huge depression from being 8 years behind in my career?
How should one treat a residual schizophrenic?
How successful can one be in their recovery from schizophrenia if the person is unaware of their mental illness?
At what age do most humans begin losing their mental faculties?
What should I do as a person who has depression and experiences heartbreak?
What are the things that mentally strong people don't do when they are at their worst in comparison with their normal counterparts?
Can Anyone help me in overcoming suicidal thoughts?
How can I get excited when I need to stay calm in order to prevent triggering anxiety?
I sometimes have intrusive thoughts, how can I know if it is OCD or being scared?
Can Adderall cause depression?
What's the difference between cyclothymia and bipolar disorder?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
What's your secret to overcome anxiety before an important event?
What is the average dose of quetiapine for BPD (EUPD)?
What are some things that can be done to help someone fight depression?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, should we help him do it, or should we try to change his mind?
Do psychologist ever silently judge their patients while giving therapy?
How do I bring up self-harm in therapy?
Could I have mold poisoning without "allergy symptoms"? I have severe anxiety and brain fog and mildly elevated liver enzymes. How can I get tested?
Can one prevent mental aging and the mental decline that comes with it?
How do I find other positive, productive people who have MPD (multiple personality disorder)?
If narcissism is a disorder and can't be helped, why are they being called monsters? How can one really be mad at them and hate them?
How can I get out of depression when it feels like nothing matters anymore and that no one actually cares?
Can you get depressed after too much pressure?
What happens in therapy for dissociative identity disorder?
How common is it for a therapist to offer a diagnosis to a client?
Would a high-functioning person with sexual sadism disorder have foresight, impulse control, and live by the law?
Can you sue someone if their stalking caused you to go psychotic?
Can people with anxiety do things they don't want to do? What do you call this?
How can I deal with a phobic neurosis?
Why is it that some people constantly feel depressed?
What is complex PTSD and how does it affect the growth and functionality in an individual?
Why do I want to have a mental/personality disorder?
What is the best ayurvedic destination for treatment of depression and anxiety?
What is the worst thing that could come from intense anxiety?
Why do some people say "greazy" rather than "greasy"? Are they mentally ill?
I just realised that most of the time of my life I have this weird breathing problem but without being concerned about it. What is this disorder?
If a person has BPD and bipolar, how can you see a manic or depressive episode with the mood swings from BPD at the same time?
Do people with BPD ‘love bomb’ like narcissists?
Are there any strange or paradoxical responses to antidepressants that occur in people with personality disorders?
I used to hear things that weren't really there every night until I moved to a different house. I don't hear them any more. What is this?
Should I self-harm aloud to force people to like me?
Why do psychologists refuse to diagnose patients with some personality disorders?
Does seal clubbing increase your mental health?
Which advices would Athena Walker give to a low-functioning psychopath?
How does alziemer disorder happen?
Was depression a major issue for you before you came out to your family?
Why is suicide always associated with depression?
Why do people suffer from anxiety mostly at night?
Is there any good reason to stop using Ecstasy/MDMA?
Does a person suffering from NPD know that they have NPD?
Is amisulpride (or Solian) used to treat paranoia? And what are other tips to treat paranoia?
Why it is nearly impossible to run a school or NGO for mentally retarded children in India?
How are you clinically diagnosed with a mental illness?
How can I overcome my depression? I've been feeling lost for 3 years, and I can't find my way out.
Who is the best psychiatrist in Calicut?
What will happen to me mentally and physically if I continue to suppress my negative emotions?
Am I a sociopath? How do I know for sure?
How do I stop letting anxiety and stress ruin my life?
Why do happy people tend to refuse medication when falling ill?
What is the biggest panic attack you ever had?
Is grandiosity a symptom of psychosis?
How do I know if someone is bipolar?
Why are mental and emotional health important?
When it comes to prescribed medications to treat mental illness, what is the difference between being dependant and being addicted?
What factors contribute to the higher than average prevalence of depression in Belgium?
What can I do for my ex who is depressed?
If a person’s happy memories have been deleted, would suicide be seen as a healthy choice?
What is the best actionable advice for someone who is struggling with depression?
Is a neutrotypical with psychopatic traits called a sociopath?
What is Trump's mental health?
If one hears sounds that aren't real and sees imaginary people, is he mentally ill or is he experiencing some supernatural powers?
I’m 15 and have severe trust issues. Should I talk to a teacher (who has recently been asking if something’s wrong) about my mom being mentally abusive towards me?
Should I consult a psychiatrist or psychologist, as I have lost control over myself and want to end my life?
Does indulging in musical instruments help in coping up with anxiety?
What are some supplements in Singapore that can help with anxiety and depression?
Is it possible to develop DID (dissociative identity disorder) as an adult or only as a child?
My husband mentally and financially abuses me. What should I do?
Can drinking coffee worsen general anxiety disorder or depression?
What's the best strategy to overcome bpd without a therapist?
How does it sound to have a professional guide to work you through any health problem you may have, or any health achievment you may want to reach?
How psychological illness causes obesity?
Can a person be popular and be mentally ill?
How does one get a Psychiatric Service Dog?
What are techniques to overcome traumatic experiences?
Should a young doctor with schizoid personality disorder choose their specialty according to the personality disorder?
Can being more social and open about my issues help me overcome schizoid personality disorder?
If you had to pick someone with a mental disorder to become your significant other, what disorder would it be?
Have you recovered from OCD in India? I have been suffering for 4 years. Which is the best place to get it treated?
How many of you have thought of committing suicide, and why? And what stopped you from going ahead?
What would happen if everyone fell into a deep depression?
How does a psychopath feel during a depression?
What does mental toughness help you with, or having a strong mentality? Are they the same thing?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about those who commit suicide?
What is going on inside my head?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What do people say who come out from depression?
How do I stop my mind from having negative thoughts? My mind adds up all the possibilities and that makes me more upset or worried.
How should I tell my parents I have anxiety?
How can I treat my obsessive love disorder?
I have been having panic attacks since my breakup, will they ever stop?
Is it common for the partner of someone with BPD to lose their social life, abuse alcohol, & feel dependent on their BPD partner?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Why do mentally ill people use the illness as an excuse?
How do I know if books about personality disorders are not just trash?
I'm afraid that someone or something may distract me. It has been developed very much. How uncommon is this phobia? How exactly can this be treated?
What is the relationship between executive function and depression?
How are psychopaths affected by art?
If a natural born psychopath is raised in an environment primed for social anxiety, will any develop?
Does weed make a mental illness worse?
What is the reality of depression?
Can you cure misophonia?
Why is my therapist sending me birthday messages with hugs and love instead of asking me why I terminated therapy abruptly?
I’ve been depressed for years and my parents are not taking me seriously. What should I do?
Why are psychopaths so unattractive?
Are there any social clubs or groups of people to help gain confidence and rise from depression in Uttarakhand, India? Or are there any websites or online groups?
What I have to do for get rid of stress and depression?
How do I write an appeal letter to get into the Army Reserves when failing on the medical for recurrent depression (very mild)?
Do people with bipolar disorder during grandiose state behave like they know it all just like narcissists?
Why do doctors still seem to panic (or act like they do) when they are about to deliver a baby?
How and why does hereditary depression occur?
How do I find patients for my mental health clinic?
Is it questionable to administer risperidone to non-psychotic patients?
How do you know if you are scaring someone if you have a mental illness?
How do you budget when you have bipolar?
Can I sue someone for saying I have mental illness and using illegal drugs when I don't and have proof?
Do Low Functioning sociopaths blend in like their High Functioning counterpart?
How can CIWA scale be used to rule out psychotic disorder?
What is the most effective way to deal with irrational and emotional feminists when they scream at you in public?
Can untreated OCD lead to schizophrenia?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What is your advice on the balance between knowledge and experience?
Are childhood hallucinations simply a sign that the brain is growing?
What are good free resources to help someone with borderline personality disorder? And how do you get someone with BPD to get help?
What is a hallucination and does it really happen?
Can an overly childish person who seemingly takes nothing seriously and enjoys the misfortune of others be a sociopath?
Has anyone been at the brink of sanity? How did you find your way out?
When you are very anxious, what should you do?
Do psychopaths have to wear a mask?
What are some tips to combat mental fatigue after long periods of focusing?
Do anxiety/depression and sleep deprivation have the same side effects as weed?
Are you supposed to not go to the light if you get a concussion? How come?
Everyone tells me my anxiety is fake, and makes me feel bad about it. It's breaking me. What should I do?
What are the dangers of treating schizophrenia without medication?
If psychopaths are motivated by power, then is it their goal to make you admit to being weaker or inferior to them in some way?
Why would someone smoke to commit suicide?
How do I know if I have a dissociative disorder?
Is Demi Lovato really bipolar manic and depressed?
What can help to motivate someone with anxiety?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Why are depressed people more realistic?
What medications cause hallucinations?
How do I overcome contact contamination OCD?
Do I have Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
Can a therapist who really knows you do psychedelics to give insights about you?
How do you get rid of depression and feelings of worthlessness?
Can I just go to a psychologist without a doctor’s referral?
Is a person with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to have abusive tendencies towards a partner?
Have you ever thought that mental illness doesn't exist?
I’m 23 and ever since I was 20, I’ve had issues with depression and paranoia mainly because of social media. People say I’m schizo. What should I do?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
Is it common to fall back into depression if you once where there? How can I avoid to fall back into it?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
Are tactile hallucinations ghosts?
What would be the best way to go about getting diagnosed?
Why doesn't anything, including therapy and meds, help with my borderline personality disorder and bipolar 1?
Is it possible to be a psychopath and have schizoaffective disorder?
What is depression in Islam?
How do I get a depressed person go to drug rehabilitation?
Have you ever stopped a person attempting suicide with just words?
Should I say “I'm gay” to the psychologist that I go to if I don’t want my mum to know that I am?
Are people with depression more likely to commit crimes than people who are not depressed?
What steps should an introvert take to get out of depression?
How will they diagnose dissociative identity disorder professionally? Do they run any machines or do they just ask questions and provide surveys?
How can you give support to someone who's having a mental breakdown?
Can you become a nurse if you have a history of an eating disorder?
What advice would mental health professionals give to a young adult considering this field of work?
What is the worst chronic disease to have? I think it's depression or anxiety. I have and have had many other serious illnesses.
Is mental illness an actual physical illness, or is it merely abstract?
I have borderline personality disorder. I'm scared I will never live a normal life. What can I do?
Is there an herb for hearing voices?
What is the social experience of a psychopath?
I have a friend who I really care about but I dread seeing him. He has a mental illness so is sometimes volatile company. How can I be supportive?
Can you detect early signs of bipolar, in someone as young as 4?
Is there a thing as being too ugly to make friends?
What “reasonable adjustments” can my occupational health report make?
What recent innovations have been made in the way psychologists think about and treat depression?
Is hypochondria the same as GAD?
Why do we get distracted and become depressed while studying?
Should I use social anxiety pills? If yes, what are they called?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths usually become killers?
Why do I have severe anxiety when there's nothing to worry about?
How do you, as a bipolar diagnosed, feel that the "disorder" is affecting relationships?
Is lateral thinking the amount of net knowledge gained or just a mental ability?
Can a mentally ill person recognize that they are mentally ill?
Is it selfish to dwell on your own mental health issues when family members rely on you to be strong?
What psychological thinking causes people to commit suicide?
Is having full anger and other mood swings during a manic episode normal with bipolar?
What is the best way to spread the word to the world about narcissistic parents and about the mental & physical torture they bring towards children?
What is the name of the stiffness disorder suffered by mountaineers at higher altitudes?
Can CPS force me to take a psychological evaluation?
My dog died last night and now I’m depressed, what can I do?
I am in a very good place. I have a lot of privileges. Why do I still feel so depressed?
What is a sociopathic child like?
What can I do when neither therapy nor medication have helped my depression?
Can healthy behaviours be preventive or can they be rehabilitated?
Do I have to accept the fact that I'm never going to overcome depression?
Why do SSRIs work on obsessions?
Could a personal drill sergeant help you overcome some of the lethargic affects of depression?
Why does Tubular Bells (1973) cause anxiety to the listener? Is there a psychological effect or just merely an association with horror movies?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
Why is it important to study the sociology of mental disorders?
Does depression significantly impair cognitive function?
I've been thinking about it and I still can't find a good reason for somebody to commit a suicide. Why do people turn to suicide in desperate moments?
Is there a difference between heart break and depression?
How can a person overcome his depression, when in every direction, he or she is getting failure?
Do you know any interesting case of faking a disorder?
How do I stay sane before I switch households?
I am extremely suicidal these days. What should I do? Just bought a pack of naphthalene balls today. I am scared of life.
Is Hillary mentally ill?
How can you convince your parents to get you diagnosed as a psychopath/sociopath?
How often on average should men have sex to stay mentally healthy?
Are the symptoms of bipolar caused from circumstances in life? E.g., is mania just a result of happy circumstances and depression from sad circumstances?
My depression has brought me to a point where I am about to fail a subject and thus ruin my life. How do I deal with that?
Can a lobotomy cause sociopathy or psychopathy?
Could a high-functioning schizoid live as a pseudo-psychopath (logical control over his actions, low or no emotions and empathy)? What would the differences be?
What types of neighborhoods should I avoid in Atlanta?
How do I increase my mental strength to keep on going even when the night is the darkest?
How can I deal with a muscular thug who doesn't study in our university and comes here to sleep in empty classrooms and has mental disorders?
Sometimes in our lives we get depressed. What are the different reasons for depression?
Depression and anxiety has driven me to become extremely shy and dumb as well as the development of hyperhidrosis. What should I do?
After losing a parent, why can’t I feel anything at all, when I know I should be in pain?
What do you do when someone you love has a secret eating disorder, how do you confront them?
Should I take antidepressants forever?
How should I respond to someone who says he is suffering from OCD?
How many people suffer from mild depression globally?
What does introspection mean to a psychopath?
Can schizo-affective people be cured?
I suffer from BPD. I am so vindictive. How can I quit hurting other people?
What can I do about my extreme anxiety and panic attacks? I just lay in bed like a stress ball all day!
Why do panic attacks keep coming back after years of nothing?
How can I commit suicide easily without hurting anyone?
I'm 14 and trying to figure out how can I get mental help without directly asking for it?
Is pain physically real or mentally?
Can you tell me how mania, the mental illness, can kill you?
Why are so many human beings mentally ill?
How long does depression last. Does it end or you learn to live with it?
If a small child was molested, would he develop a mental illness?
How do we regenerate an active mind which is under depression?
Does stable/euthymic state lasts longer in schizophrenia or bipolar disorder?
How do I know if I have Asperger's syndrome or social anxiety disorder?
Can anxiety worsen periods?
How can you describe the different types of psychological disorders?
Do hallucinogens like LSD affect in rewiring psychopaths? Do they recover or get more into their psychopathy?
How are female hormones linked to social anxiety?
Which is better for anxiety - allopathy, Ayurveda, or homeopathy? I am suffering from anxiety, but I don't want to take tablets that will control my thoughts.
Why is specialization in medical fields so overrated? Can’t you just be happy as a GP?
How will a psychopath react when a deep dark secret is revealed by someone he feels is beneath him?
Is the feeling I'm feeling depression or something else?
What is a temporomandibular disorder?
What links clinical depression with losing the will to live?
Is there a difference between a psychopath's and a sociopath's stare, and if so, how do they differ?
What were you depressed about?
Does criticism become less painful for someone with BPD when they make progress in their disorder?
What are the best therapy protocol to treat anxiety?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
Did you experience post-PhD depression? If so, how did you overcome it?
Are lefties more prone to mental illness?
How do you deal with anxiety/constantly not feeling good enough?
Is anxiety all in the mind?
How are you coping with your bipolar and are you getting good help?
How does someone personally deal with a sleep-related eating disorder?
Can depression cause constant chest discomfort?
How does a person stop being a compulsive liar?
How can I use desensitization to help myself through a panic attack?
What are alternatives to lorazepam to treat an anxiety disorder?
Why is everyone so obsessed with psychopaths and other mental illnesses?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
Why do people think vitamin D can help with depression?
How can I deal with, and help my spouse who suffers from a major depression that is sometimes manic?
Is it normal to debate yourself in the head? For example, I list the pros and cons of a situation and decide.
When a psychologist develops a mental disorder, do they give therapy to themselves?
What do we do with a depressed person who doesn't seem to want to get well?
Do you take medication for your anxiety? If so, are you concerned about studies that say anxiety medications can cause permanent changes in your brain?
Was PTSD something that affected Vietnamese veterans?
What's the quickest and least painful way to commit suicide?
How can I get over stress and depression?
How many people would commit suicide if it could be accomplished legally and painlessly?
How do I differentiate between panic attack and a heart problem?
Who gives the names to illnesses?
Are 'psychosomatic' issues a medically accepted condition? If so, how does it work? What is the frequency of occurrences? Are the symptoms real?
What are the symptoms or signs of ASPD?
According to a well-renowned test, I'm suffering from narcissistic personality disorder but I don't observe many symptoms in myself. How do I confirm it?
What are some interesting paranoia stories of people with schizophrenia?
When should one take meds for mental disorder?
As a child, do you remember if you were a psychopath? Or did you act normally and only realize you were different years later?
What do you think about Waldo Bernasconi and Neo-Reichian analytic psychotherapy, the therapy of five motions? Is it scientific?
What mental ilnesses cause apathy?
Are psychopaths purely instinctive the way animals are?
What is it like to have dysthymic depression and borderline personality disorder?
How can a person overcome the initial reluctance s/he may feel when seeing a psychologist for the first time?
What are some projects or initiatives that you are working on to reduce the stigma associated with mental illness?
What should be done in case if a person is fighting depression and can not consult a psychiatrist?
What are some mental activities I can do now as an adult to avoid senility in my older years?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of installing horizontal engines instead of vertical engines in a bike?
How does the onset of bipolar disorder occur?
Is it normal for anxiety sufferers to doubt their feelings for their partners in new relationships? I'm a long-time anxiety sufferer.
3 years ago, I ended an abusive relationship. At times, I still have PTSD symptoms. Is it normal, and will it ever go away on its own?
Is psychosis, paranoia and persecutory delusions more common among bipolar I or bipolar II?
I am suffering from general anxiety disorder. I am always worried that something terrible is going to happen to me. How can I cure that?
Do psychopaths have an innate desire to breed? Do they lust? Do psychopaths enjoy watching pornography? What are the sexual lives of psychopaths like?
Can a bipolar disorder be passed on to one’s offspring in the form of a borderline personality disorder?
What universities offer free courses in mental health?
If you commit suicide, where would you go?
Do these traits suggest antisocial personality disorder or another Cluster B disorder?
What do you think Lennie's (from Mice & Men) mental illness is?
Have people completely recovered after depression?
Should a person with schizophrenic past live alone?
How do I stay emotionally sane while I dig myself out of debt?
Whenever I wish to learn a course, I don’t complete it. What should I have to follow so that I’ll complete it?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Apart from mindfulness exercises and without using drugs to calm me down, what are some tips and tricks for overcoming anxiety?
What are some good psychologists in Boston who work with Aetna student health?
What is it like to be in a relationship with a bipolar person?
Who volunteers in a support group for people with depression?
What is considered traumatizing enough to suffer from PTSD?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
What part of brain trainings are used by programming?
Do you ever really get out of depression and being suicidal and self harming if you don't go to a doctor?
What happens after you commit suicide?
Why am I depressed and can't sleep?
When are intrusive thoughts dangerous and why?
Are depression and other mental illnesses congenital?
What do you call the rare mental disorder where you are extremely impressionable and can develop something from researching/thinking too much?
How successful would a matchmaking algorithm that would pair people up with similar mental characteristics and uniform choices?
Which books should I read to help get rid of panic attacks?
Do you really need to see a psychologist if you know what you have and don't even want to change?
How can I help my dog with separation anxiety when I'm home most of the time?
Is mental illness, in America, a result of problems within society/culture as a whole?
Do anxiolytic drugs help overcome anxiety?
Why is it so difficult to tell someone you think you have depression and/or an eating disorder?
Does jealousy cause paranoia or does paranoia cause jealousy?
Can overthinking past mistakes turn you into a depressed person?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
How do I differentiate between someone with borderline or histronic personality disorder, or how can I tell if someone has comorbidity with the two?
What mental illnesses does David Wood suffer from?
Do people with BPD generally have difficulty with budgeting?
Why am I not able to concentrate on anything? Is it a sign of having psychological issues?
Why do people think I sound depressed?
How do psychiatrically diagnosed people feel about their diagnosis?
Did Hitler have a mental disorder or something?
How do I get rid of the sensation of my head spinning? It’s been happening for 1 week because of anxiety.
How do I cope with severe anxiety after being taken off a benzodiazopine that I've been on for 25 years when no other medication helps?
Where does depression end and narcissism begin?
What are some meditations for severe depression?
What are ADHD symptoms in children?
I've been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder, what are some food diets that can help me overcome my illness?
What is the similarities between God and psychopath/sociopath/narcissistic?
Why does my mom self-diagnose herself with OCD?
What are ways to overcome anxiety in women?
What should I do if I am a manic depressive?
How can I re-establish myself as a competent professional after a major nervous breakdown?
Are you really co-dependent or did you end up in a co-dependent relationship with a borderline without realizing it?
Did your life improve after being diagnosed with depression, ADHD/ADD, anxiety, etc.?
How can a depressed person still have a better life than a billionaire?
What shall I do if I feel depressed from being alone?
How can you start to rebuild your life (particularly around relationships) after a long period of depression?
Why do some Asian people not believe in mental illnesses?
Can you develop PTSD by having your child taken away by CPS?
Can purely psychological factors cause schizophrenic symptoms?
Can someone with pure obsessional OCD have a fear about themselves such as being a psycopath, which doesn't stem from intrusive thoughts?
Does Prozac help relieve any kind of obsessions?
Are SSRIs more effective for OCD rather than depression?
Is psychopathy our default setting?
What should I do to stop procrastinating? I have always suffered from this, like always when I start studying, which makes me suffer.
How do I change my sister's mentality?
If you go to student health services and don't think their psychologist is helpful, what should you do?
Is there a mental disorder where you start behaving exactly like someone else?
How do you learn to form attachments when you have an attachment disorder?
How do I less emotional and mentally strong in odd time?
Is Batman psychologically insane?
How long does it take to recover from years on psychiatric drugs?
How can a person with PTSD be successful in school if they can’t focus?
I think my brother has social anxiety, how can I help him?
Is it common that people with bipolar disorder suffer from memory problems as well?
How do people who suffer from multiple personality disorder, manage their daily life?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
How do I ace a job interview if I am suffering from depression which is leading to lower self-esteem and no confidence?
How do you know if someone is faking a mental illness?
How can a bipolar induce sleep during a manic phase without an anti manic?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
Why don’t people want to hangout with socially anxious people like me?
How can I live even though I am old and ugly and depressed?
If schizophrenia is a condition and not an illness, why can’t it be cured and not just managed?
Is it offensive to say someone is "a little bit OCD" or "bipolar" or "ADD" or "schizo" or "psycho" if the person doesn't really have these disorders?
My pregnant girlfriend doesn't want to have sex with me anymore. How do I deal with this?
Is looking in the mirror a lot at yourself a sign of bipolar mania? Is it just like narcissism, or is it both narcissism and mania?
How does an affected person define depression?
Does it feel to anyone else as if the treatment for bipolar is making you crazy?
How do you feel about others not understanding your anxiety disorder?
Are people with mental disorders more attracted to other people who also have a mental disorder?
Could it be that the recurrent psychological abuse from relatives (not parents but other relatives) causes sociopathic tendencies?
Learning how to program is making me depressed, why?
Could my recent anxiety be causing my sudden sleepwalking? I havent walked in my sleep since I was a kid, and I'm 39 years old!
While having a group conversation, why do some people fiddle and touch objects around them? Such as with napkins, cutlery etc. Is that social anxiety?
What can a counselor say or do when a person tells them they wanna commit suicide?
If love is our natural state of being, then why are people suffering from their own mental problems?
Why do some psychopathic traits don't apply to every psychopath?
Why is it that a large percentage of people that commit suicide, do it by hanging themselves? It seems there are a lot better options.
What is your bluntest opinion about a high-functioning, self-aware, non-diagnosed psychopath?
How does a psychologist make a differential diagnosis between NPD and OCPD? Considering the controlling nature of both disorders.
What are some symptoms of a person with Paranoid personality disorder?
How can you attain peace when you are mentally suffering from something?
What hapens when a psychopath grows up in a good environment and is taught to feel empathy and not to hurt or manipulate others?
How have your son's struggles with schizophrenia affected your opinion of the condition (not of the people afflicted with it)?
How do psychopaths and people with ASPD deal with boredom?
How does it feels like to suffer from "aunty shaming" in India?
What would happen if I stopped taking all my bipolar medicines?
When is the right time to seek a counsellor for depression?
Could anxiety medication help me get through an existential crisis?
Can a depressed person do academics?
Does certain medicine affect the ability to love a person?
What should I do when I am depressed?
Why were people with mental illness abused in the past, and currently in some countries?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
Is victim mentality an excuse for lazyness?
How can I change my sister’s mentality?
Why do you feel the need to glorify your mental disorders as if it's something to boast and brag about?
Why do I self harm?
What are alternatives when therapy exacerbates rather than mitigates?
Is it possible to date someone with BPD and to not be always anxious of accidentally saying the wrong thing?
Does everyone feel depressed at some point in their lives and does it ever go away?
Who are some people who have had severe illnesses and survived?
Can children of borderline personality disorder, not have it but can develop traits of it?
Do psychologists/psychiatrists secretly judge or dislike their patients?
Do psychopaths enjoy lying for the thrill?
Should I tell my parents that I smoke so they can support me in the quitting process?
My father passed away when I was one year old. I am now 19, am I depressed because he passed away or would I have still been depressed anyway?
Does prenatal depression affect the baby?
How can I help a suicidal/depressed person who already has professional help?
How did you get diagnosed as a clinical psychopath, sociopath, or ASPD?
What do psychopaths think of the game 'Blue Whale'?
Is teenage depression comparable to clinical depression and should be treated with a therapist?
How many adults would admit they had killed animals when they were young kids?
Do cluster B personality disorders ever go into 'remission'?
How do I apply cognitive behavioral therapy in my busy day, as I am suffering from depression and anxiety?
Is there any mention of depression and anxiety in the ancient texts of India?
Have PTSD sufferers ever called the police thinking they were in danger when there was none? Are there legal consequences?
Does Will Graham from NBC's Hannibal fit the criteria for BPD?
How do you know you are not mentally ill, like in Fight Club?
How do I stop annoying friends when I’m depressed?
Do psychopaths not feel emotions or do they supress them?
What kind of stuff do psychopaths hide under their masks?
I've read that sociopathy and psychopathy are the same thing and I've read they're different, which one is correct?
Besides the obvious medications and therapy, what activities, supplements, decisions, etc. have helped you live a meaningful life despite having BPD?
I think I have bipolar disorder and I'm scared to tell my parents. What should I do?
Is mental health an issue among Christians in America?
What are the most common types of psychotherapy, and how do they relate to specific mental health issues?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
How do you heal from traumatic attachments?
Is there evidence that depression and social anxiety kill a person's creativity?
Which environmental theory of mental illness is the most intriguing to you, and why?
I've been on the same meds for 20 years. I want off. Will my general practitioners help me get away from a psychiatrist and the meds?
What are some psychiatric lies?
How do you know you need counselling, medication, or psychotherapy?
Have you ever had a problem that just refused to go away?
How does it feel to have bipolar disorder along with borderline personality disorder?
Is it ridiculous if an adult gets relieved from anger and despair by self-harm?
What is OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder)?
Does a doctor (other than a psychiatrist) with depression treat his depression by himself?
What could a relationship between two BPDs look like?
How do I get over this feeling? I had a breakup in Nov. 2016. I have a panic attack every time I come across anything that is remotely​ related to her.
I feel depressed at times, but perfectly fine. My depression comes along at sporadic times, usually small things sparking it. Am I bipolar?
If your estranged wife threatens to commit suicide when on a family holiday, could anyone complain about you phoning the police?
I think my anxiety is causing depression. I do not know what to do. My parents think depression is a way of getting attention. What should I do?
My unemployed dad (former-alcoholic) tries to commit suicide and my mom has anxiety disorder. What can I do in this torturing family?
I feel very depressed and useless. How do I prevent suicide?
I consciously employ influence psychology to get what I want, am I a psychopath?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
Why do many students suffer from mathematics phobia?
How did ancient civilizations handle mental illnesses?
Is it possible to recover from depersonalization disorder?
How do I deal with my daughter who has narcissistic personality disorder?
Is it true that people suffering from personality disorders like psychopathy and narcissism have a high tolerance for physical pain?
What are the side effects of being with a person who has bipolar disorder?
Which are few examples of scientists with personality disorders?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
Have you ever been anxious for no reason at all?
What is a good way to evaluate if you and your psychologist will be a good fit?
Does tianeptine help with obsessions?
If the stigma around psychopathy was erased, would psychopaths stop wearing the mask?
How do I deal with shivering caused by anxiety?
Do we all use similar mental pictures when we reason about mathemetical structure? How do our mental models differ?
What is the age and the reason when you thought that you want to commit suicide?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
Could autism and some other mental health issues be the next stage in evolution?
Why do people pity those who self-harm, but not those who harm others?
How do I cope up with depression? I'm not sure if it's depression or sadness or if I am generally like this.
Did Aaron Rodriguez really turn religious, depressed and suicidal, without anyone noticing it, right up until his death?
Who are some Indian celebrities who attempted suicide?
What kind of therapy would you suggest when recovering from the trauma of a BPD/NPD relationship?
Is there any good reason to stop taking ecstasy/MDMA?
How do I help my girlfriend when she is having a PTSD attack?
Are there people of the 'too lazy to commit suicide' variety?
Can a person with a binge eating disorder be a normal weight?
How would someone self harm in the summer?
I remember hating people very quickly when I was a child. Why was that? Is it normal?
Is it better to not share your depression or get diagnosed for depression?
Can you make yourself manic?
Are mindfulness and heart rate coherence related?
How can I talk to attractive women without getting anxiety and stuttering?
How can I overcome my approach to anxiety and make my brain think faster when starting a conversation?
I am feeling really hopeless, what shall I do?
Is it possible to make a psychopath angry and lash out?
What is the experience of people having undergone hypnotism for depression?
How do psychopaths feel when people tell them that they should be compassionate?
How can I convince my parents to go to a therapist without telling them that I think I’m bipolar?
Do psychopaths like people who have ASPD?
Has anyone had social anxiety? How do you get over it?
Over the past couple of years, I have become dependent on looking at screens. What has happened to me?
How can I be more helpful to my bipolar friend?
Is it possible to just have mania?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
What are some hobbies that are both physically and mentally engaging?
What shoud I do to get my degree? It'll take 7 years to have it due to mental illness (schizophrenia). How can I be smarter or disciplined to obtain it?
How do you treat addictive personality disorder?
As a therapist, has a patient ever straight up lied to you?
What are some jobs that a young person with relatively poor health can do?
Can you get over anxiety without medication?
What are the risks involved in carrying on a personal relationship with a depressed person?
Do I have some bits of autism?
What do you do when you have depression and anxiety and you are in a relationship and think things are going wrong all the time?
Why are people who commit suicide labelled as cowards?
Can a GP (general practitioner) diagnose you as bipolar?
How does a psychiatrist choose between diagnosing a patient with NPD versus a diagnosis as a sociopath?
Why are most Indians so ignorant about the mental health of their friends and families?
Can one experience auditory hallucinations in the throes of high anxiety?
What are the best mental tasks to boost and increase intelligence and creativity?
Why do people in India hesitate to seek psychological help?
How do I fight PMS-related depression? I also suffer from hypothyroidism which causes frequent bouts of depression.
Is Poppy a psychopath?
What can a nurse do for psychiatric patients?
How can we help someone with postpartum depression?
Has grading in education affected your mental health?
What are the symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder after being discarded by my narcissistic girlfriend?
How does Cymbalta treat bipolar disorder?
What activities to pick up during joblessness that boost your morale as well as add skills to your profile?
As a psychopath/sociopath, if an emotion in your limited emotional range were to get erased, which one would you miss the most?
Do some people without mental illnesses feel that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live?
What mental health laws would you change?
Why does life feel understandable when we are depressed?
Why are people with mental illnesses portrayed as criminals?
How do I get rid of my anxiety? I had a fit of anger which led me to tell someone off.
Which is crazier, those giving guns to mentally unstable people or mentally unstable people with guns?
I am 30 years old. I am suffering from pure OCD. I just have obsessions and rare compulsions. I tried medicines, yoga, but nothing’s helping. What do I do?
How does Dramamine help with motion sickness or panic attacks when flying?
Does depression make you do things that are against what you believe in?
How does BPD work for socializing, and how can you be in love with someone with BPD?
What could help someone get into graduate school as a research psychologist and mental health therapist?
Which is less torturous, mental exhaustion or physical exhaustion?
What does it feel like to be poor and psychopath?
How do you test for a self-defeating personality disorder?
How do you keep the right emotions before the cravings?
Can cannabis cure or lessen the severity of anxiety disorders particularly social anxiety?
Is it a sign of depression to become critical if I'm on a completely different medication than I thought I was? I had to look it up to verify it.
Would a covert narcissist ever give up finding supply because he feels he ruins people's lives?
Do people with personality disorders often use words like "always" or "never"?
I fear that a sudden, loud or soft noise will distract me. I can't control it and my brain automatically stresses when it hears a sound. What is that?
How do I find coping strategies for dyslexia?
How do I tell my mom I have PTSD?
There is a sense of depression and you don't know the reason behind it. What do you do?
How do you deal with the fact that you might be a sociopath?
Would psychopaths become a neurotypical person for just one day in order to understand them better?
How do psychopaths handle public speaking?
Can someone recover from BPD?
If someone were born in this generation claiming to be god, all of us would think he was mentally ill. Then why should we believe what happened in the past?
Is anxious of lossing your love a sign of any mental illnes?
How does one "feel" when they have psychopathy?
What is the relationship between depression and the brain in human beings?
How does a phobic neurosis occur?
Why are psychopaths secretive about the condition to people they don't respect in real life but are open about it to strangers online?
Is it true that all artists suffer from mental illnesses? Do they always do drugs?
Is a psychopath capable of mimicking the expression of fear or empathy in their eyes?
What is OCD sufferers attempting to neutralize negative thought with positive thoughts called?
Do people realize the difference between the psychopath (ASPD) and the psychopath who is neuro-untypical?
I have schizophrenia for about 17 years, what should I do?
Can society survive without psychopaths?
How can you tell if a sociopath is using you or if he/she likes you? (Or at least respects you).
Do we temporarily run out of anxiety hormones/neurotransmitters after intense anxiety?
Can a mentally ill person recognize that they are mentally ill?
How do I deceive someone into believing that I am a psychopath?
What is the worst thing to say to a depressed person?
I am lonely and depressed, would you help me?
Are liberals mentally ill?
Is it possible to have a sociopath with some regular emotions, or is there a different term for that altogether?
What kind of hallucinations might someone with schizophrenia have?
How do you explain in a letter of explanation about your depression?
Do males with BPD often appear as psychopaths and get misdiagnosed as such?
How should a chalk eating disorder, or consumption of other non-food stuffs, be treated?
Should I get help for my anxiety? If so how?
Why do people like to bully mentally ill people?
How can literature help to overcome stress, heartbreak, and depression?
What have you learned from sculpture art in your life? I mean, what changed in regard to your character and your mental abilities after learning about sculpture?
What is it like being both autistic and socially anxious?
What should I do when my mind stops thinking and I get depressed?
Is there any misdiagnosis of mental illness?
Can I have depression if I don't feel depressed when I am occupied with something?
Why is mental illness awareness so important in the U.S.?
How do people deal with schizophrenia and social life?
Why do I get so depressed after I leave a certain person?
Do you think that we can overcome our carnal desires?
What is the best way for a patient with anxiety issues to get an upper endoscopy?
Did humans invent emotion?
Why do people who are kind suffer more?
Why do people use the word depressed as a synonym for sad?
How does a psychopath feel watching someone die or feel extreme pain?
Is a borderline personality disorder a sociopath or a psychopath?
How can isolation lead to schizophrenia and related disorders?
What medical condition causes anxiety when exposed to sunlight?
A Quoran programmer is mentally sick. What course of action should he follow?
For people who have NPD and have awakened to their disorder, what specifically was it that made you suddenly become aware of your disorder?
I am extremely sensitive to sound when I'm relaxing. The tiniest sudden sound will make my head blow. What's wrong with me?
How do I prepare myself for the AFSB both physically and mentally?
Do psychologist ever silently judge their patients while giving therapy?
My girlfriend wants to check herself into a mental hospital. What do I do?
What kind of person with bipolar shuts themselves away?
The thought of working every day for the rest of my life makes me feel depressed and trapped. Why do I feel like this and how can I get out of it?
Did human invent fear?
What do people think when they see someone have a panic/anxiety attack? Do they see them as weak?
What if we all are schizophrenic and all of our lives are just a delusion?
Is it weird to start working with a therapist to not only continue your therapy but also to address the loss of your last counselor?
Is being overly judgmental about yourself sign of depression?
Do some people think that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live on SSI/SSDI?
Why are the nurses working in the hospitals so ignorant about mental illnesses?
How is OCD related to panic attacks?
I have a mental illness. My manager found out with background checks. She told everyone. How would you handle this if you were me? (Besides quitting)
What's the psychology behind writing messages but not sending them to the person for whom you wrote them?
Who's more dangerous, a high functioning NPD or a low functioning narcissist?
As a person with a mental illness, how should you deal with someone calling you "crazy"?
What does it feel like having social anxiety disorder? Let us hear your stories.
Do you think Kelsey Grammer (Frasier) could give sound psychiatric advice?
I was physically abused as a child, how can I prevent getting cancer (Based on research)?
Can you have PTSD from being raised by terrible parents and living with them in a very stressful environment? Is it possible?
Could using a total of 200mg of quetiapine made any permanent mental changes that can't be reversed with time?
What's it like to have a psychopath parent?
What classifications of mental disorders existed in 1920s?
Can I be a police officer with mild depression?
What is the difference between PTSD and Avoidant personality disorder?
Which is better, death or becoming a psychopath?
To treat mental depression, is homeopathy better than alopathy?
Why would would someone (e.g. Athena Walker) seem proud to be a psychopath?
What should I do to stop my depression forever as a 15-year-old high schooler?
What are the ways you deal with stress?
How common is it to lose friends when you are manic?
Have any of you "psychopaths" tried an antidepressant?
How do I deal with attention bias if I suffer from OCD?
What are the types of a multiple personality disorder?
Why do people purposely commit suicide?
How do you deal with performance anxiety?
How can I ingratiate myself into the inner circle of a psychopath after being tossed aside?
What is the opposite of a sociopath?
Is pretentiousness a mental sickness?
What's the difference between a kid who's hyper and one who has a hyperactive disorder?
How did you overcome your mental block as a Quora writer?
Why do questioners think it's okay to say "insane" especially in light of mental health awareness?
Is depression a bad thing?
Why do I feel bad that my friends don't acknowledge my eating disorder?
Why are some people with bipolar disorder forgetful?
Why do you have to be 25 before you can get diagnosed with the psychopathy of ASPD? Is it like that with others as well, like schizoid PD and NPD?
Does smoking weed help the mania and/or depression of people who are bipolar?
How do I commit suicide?
Why is sleep so important for someone who has bipolar disorder?
Why do auditory hallucinations happen?
What is the maximum score that a sociopath can get on the PCL-R?
Why is it so hard to break the perfectionist mentality?
How do we help people who suffer from depression as a result of altering their online identities to mask their fears or for other reasons?
How common is it to feel guilty for no legitimate reasons at all if you have bipolar disorder?
Why do so many Wikipedians publicly list their mental and physical illnesses in their userbox sections?
Are a lot of people in the world experiencing paranoia?
How do I help someone in my family circle that I suspect of having borderline personality disorder?
Why am I so depressed without a girl?
What are the best crystals to control anxiety?
I honestly don't think I can talk to my parents about this. How do I get help if I think I'm depressed without being considered an attention seeker?
What is wrong with a mentally ill person wanting equal rights compared to mentally healthy people?
If you have a loved one with borderline personality disorder, how do you cope?
At what point should you seek medical help for anxiety?
Why are psychopaths so unattractive?
Why do we get suicidal?
Can your own suicide attempt lead to you getting PTSD?
How do I deal with a psychopathic professor?
What does it mean to be an atheist and have bipolar disorder?
Do you get depressed, if your life goal was becoming rich, and you finally are?
Can you have bipolar disorder if you sleep normally?
How do I get over the feelings of depression and negativity while preparing for the Prelims?
What would be a catchy slogan for mental health campaigns?
How do I convince a depressed girl to study?
What percentage of depressed teens get better after puberty (or say after they turn 20)?
When dying, is it "wrong" to take up tobacco and alcohol to get through the pain mentally and physically?
What should I do if I have OCD and I experience panic attacks?
How do you become a mental health nurse in the UK?
I’m 30. I cry almost everyday and I'm highly depressed. I hide it from my parents and closest friends. Is it normal?
How long can people withstand others before they become depressed?
How do I tell my mum I want to see a GP about social anxiety and depression? (16)
What ultimately happens to a sociopath?
If you become depressed, do you stay that way?
Can my doctor prescribe an antidepressant without even speaking to me about being depressed?
What are some jobs that a young person with relatively poor health can do?
Is it possible to fully recover from severe depression? What does it take?
Why is mental illness awareness so important in the world?
Regularly, I feel euphoric and energetic out of the blue, but it's soon followed by a stage of severe depression. Should I see a doctor?
How should people with mental illnesses survive in the world knowing that a lot of people are ignorant about mental illnesses?
What improvements do nurses/doctors think are needed in mental health treatment today? This is for a paper on the evolution of psychiatric treatments.
What are some tips to maintain energy for heavy studying for a month?
Do dentists get to read your mental health history when you go for a checkup?
What should you keep in mind if you have a mental illness and is afraid of dying?
How can I get professional help for depression as a teenager?
In my family, all the adult members keep on fighting. What should I do?
Why does doing a PhD lead to depression?
How do you make yourself not depressed anymore?
How do I get rid of my sexual performance anxiety?
How do people with bipolar disorder know when the mania phase will end and they will fall into a depression?
What's a psychological disorder that's common but not many people know about it?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How can I control the BO during anxiety?
If you cut yourself, are you depressed?
What is the best way to live with chronic depression?
Should I tell people I got my GED at 22?
Why are the mentally ill people treated like criminals even if they didn't commit any crimes?
How can a depressed person still have a better life than a billionaire?
What all depression can do to an elderly and how it can be cured?
Do psychiatrists have to pass through their own therapy?
If Trump tries to end Social Security, what will happen to the mentally ill people?
What medical condition is Anirudha Agarwal diagnosed with?
What if I have bipolar disorder and want to live a long life?
Is there a way to drastically increase memory speed?
Do serial killers believe they're mentally ill or know about why they feel the way they do?
What makes some people cry as soon as they enter therapy for the first time, while it takes others a long time to be able to cry in therapy?
What can help if the person suffers from depression since birth (or early childhood)?
How do physically/mentally disabled people meet their emotional needs when they are not being met by loved ones?
Does depression make you do things that are against what you believe in?
How do you tell your parents that you sought help alone and got diagnosed with depression?
Why do some people feel threatened by people who have mental illnesses?
Why do people hurt, mentally & emotionally?
How can I become healthy and mentally strong?
How do you deal with performance anxiety at work?
Can I just go to a psychologist without a doctor’s referral?
As a psychopath, how much would someone have to pay you to never be able to purposefully manipulate anyone again in the future?
How would have been to have depression in medieval times?
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
How would a patient suffer from mental deterioration upon withdrawing from a prescription drug when they didn't suffer while taking it?
What do depressed people think of the one who always listens to them and encourages them?
Am I in a quarter-life crisis with my exams? I'm 18 years old and I feel depressed, even though I don't suffer from depression.
As a Christian, is it OK to masturbate/fantasize while single?
How do I handle depression and frustration caused by not being able to travel?
I have visited a terrorist website and saw a lot of graphic contents. I am feeling very depressed after seeing them. How can I recover?
What is a depressed mood?
What are some ideas for calming an anxious person?
How do people endure extreme suffering over a long time?
Is it OK for my wife to throw away my anti-anxiety medication even though all notices say never just quit?
Why does my chest hurt when I feel depressed?
What are the causes of sleep disorder, types & treatment?
How do I get rid of OCD, anxiety, and insomnia?
Former bullied kids, what did your bullies do when they met you as an adult?
I have been suffering from mood swing disorder and depression but I want to be happy again. What should I do to overcome this?
What things come under depression?
Why is it sometimes the case that people who want to commit suicide have to take other lives as well as their own?
What happens when PTSD is left untreated for a long time?
What does cognitive disorder look like?
What if your social anxiety is extreme to the point where you can't talk to girls and can't date?
Where do I look for information on children born in mental asylums?
Could hallucinations and visual disturbances be caused by a cyst in maxillary sinus?
Can dissociation occur with trauma-related depression?
Would you take on a business partner who has had severe depression and anxiety which has kept them house bound in the past?
Are panic attacks permanent?
What would happen if two psychopaths wanted to manipulate each other, but both were unaware that the other was also a psychopath?
What triggered your derealization/depersonalization disorder?
I have been in a depression since last year. How do I get out of a depression?
Sometimes I have thoughts such as thinking that my parents are not mine. Is that a symptom of schizophrenia?
Is it possible to get through anxiety alone? I'm tired of looking for someone who understands.
How do you know if you are about to get into a depression?
How should I deal with paranoia if I have bipolar disorder?
Do you think dabbling with spiritism, magic, Ouija boards, seances and the like can cause you mental, emotional and physical harm?
How does avoidant personality disorder differ from other personality disorders?
Can I receive treatment for social anxiety without a legal guardian’s consent now that I am 16 in England? Do I need to pay for it? I’ve never been to a GP before.
Do people with schizophrenia remember what it was like before they developed symptoms of the illness?
Do disempathetic sociopaths really exist?
How can I tell my therapist about certain events without the fear of hospitalization?
What is the best way to help my girlfriend deal with anxiety?
Do you ever get exam anxiety? How do you deal with it and stop it from affecting your performance?
What are some crisis survival strategies for a BPD?
What should I do if I think I have PTSD?
What are some things my girlfriend can do to help me with my combat PTSD?
What is the best way to support/deal with a loved one that suffers from depression, anxiety, and (possibly) OCD?
What repercussions could seeing a doctor about mental health have (UK)?
Does my friend have dissociative identity disorder?
Why are most people miserable and anxious?
What could be the reason that I feel very good after the day of drinking?
Can I go into psychosis while on antipsychotics? Has this happened to anyone before?
How does one go on with bipolar disorder, severe anxiety, and dependent personality disorder?
Does hypnotherapy have a permanent effect on curing our anxiety issues?
Does depression cause your brain to be untidy?
How effective is psychotherapy for schizophrenia?
If a psychopath is born, why can't there be psychopathic children?
How is CMC’s psychiatric dept., and how can I book an appointment? Who are the best doctors in the psychiatric department, and can they treat chronic depression?
How did you overcome the residual fatigue after recovering from depression?
How do I turn fear into motivation rather than depression?
How do people with mental illnesses manage to become successful?
Is every suicidal person depressed?
Does everyone who experience PTSD get a 1000 mile stare or are there people who experience something different?
Is it possible to have both BPD and Schizoid Personality Disorder?
Borderline Personality Disorder: As a BPD sufferer who has undergone any of the current treatment methods (CBT, DBT, mentalization) successfully, do you think it cured you completely or did it just give you a set of coping/control skills?
I stopped smoking 4 months ago, after 36 years. I've been slowly sinking into a depression ever since and my life is falling apart. What can I do?
What should I say to someone who is depressed?
Why do some people choose to live in depression rather than live a happier life, even when they know or remember what it felt like to be happy?
How do you deal and remain strong like always, when you know sadness and depression coming from all ways?
What are some ways of getting back my interest in college work? I have depression.
What are the physical feelings involved in stress?
What are some good TV shows about mental illness?
Should I take a wealthy self help guru to court, who's negligence caused me PTSD and great debt? This celebrity has offered a pittance to keep quiet.
Why is Riluzole used to treat patients with bipolar disorder?
Does modern life easily trigger mental illness than ever?
Why do we have mental conversations with ourselves?
Is it common to feel like you lack a sense of self?
How do “high-functioning” ASPDs react to their diagnosis?
How can you treat auditory hallucinations?
What kind of mental disorders are considered to be within the criteria of PWD?
Have psychopaths ever taken responsibility and truly apologized for serious emotional damage they may have done to an empath?
What are the causes of an anxiety attack?
How do I cure social phobia?
Can Quorans make an accurate distinction of clinical vs. non-clinical psychopaths?
How are all psychiatric medications similar and different? How do they interact?
Would you take a pill that will take away any mental disorders and will make you happy for the rest of your life, but will take away 30 IQ points?
Why do you think mental illnesses are on the rise? Do we blame society, genetics, trauma, or our childhood?
How does lying affect your mental health, and what are some examples?
How do therapists avoid seeing only one side?
I sometimes feel depressed and lock myself in a dark room and cry. Is this normal?
What effect(s) of lithium withdrawal should I expect?
How do you become mentally stimulated?
Is it possible that my bad grades are related to depression?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
What are some differences between the way average people view psychopaths and the way psychopaths view themselves?
How do l get over my stress?
What would a romantic relationship between a female and male who both have borderline personality disorder look like?
How did few mathematicians lost thier mental health and died understanding infinity?
Where can I find someone to talk to about my treatment-resistant depression?
If you could change one thing about yourself during your teenage years. What would it be?
I have a paranoid schizophrenic son. Is there hope?
In spite of therapy and medications, I'm still depressed and have many crying spells daily. Any additional advice on coping?
How do I wake up from a depersonalization/derealization feeling?
Is the prevalence of mental illness increasing?
What causes bipolarity and pathological lying?
How effective is psychotherapy for depression?
What kind of superpowers can be associated with your mental state or your desires?
I'm a very bad communicator. My thoughts are haphazard and unorganized. I can't put them in words. Is it some type of mental disorder?
Is it more difficult to qualify for disability for major depression than bipolar disorder or schizophrenia?
If anti-psychotic drug usage in the elderly leads to increased mortality rates, what happens to schizophrenia sufferers in their old age?
What would happen if a normal person was kept on SSRI Prozac psychiatric medicine, with doses of 37.5mg/day?
Is it wrong to do sarvangasana if I am suffering from cervical spondylosis?
How would a psychopath survive long trips with other people (plane rides, sharing rooms, etc.)?
What are the different types of psychotherapy for mental Illnesses?
How do people survive prolonged horrific suffering?
How can I learn to visualize mental images?
How can someone get over being shocked mentally?
How do I cope with reality and anxiety?
Can I have anorexia if I eat? Do I have a different eating disorder?
What are the differences between psychology, psychiatry and psychotherapy?
How can I help my sibling with her depression?
Is there an NGO that works for mental health in Pune?
Should I be afraid to find out from a doctor if I am truly a psychopath?
Would a psychopath react to Scarecrow's fear gas?
Does attributing mental health disorders to genetics let abusers off the hook? Is it really nature or nurture?
Does taking Fluoxetine for depression and a mild eating disorder affect my personality?
Is there anyone who doesn't want to commit suicide but wants the world to end?
How is the personal life of a psychologist?
Would you want to know that you have dementia?
How do I help someone with body dysmorphic disorder?
Is there any scale to measure depression? What would make you decide that you are depressed?
Why do people with BPD deny having BPD?
Do psychopaths make good shoplifters and are they better at it than neurotypicals?
What does the mental developmental index mean?
Where can I find a good psychologist in Jaipur for eating disorders?
What disorder has symptoms like repetition of words, language problems (language is not clear), and emotional problems?
What are the odds a narcissistic sociopath with borderline personality disorder has recycled 3 times?
How can a severely mentally ill individual convince themselves that their life is worth living?
Statistically speaking, what percentage of homeless people have a mental illness?
Is there a diagnosis for some who diagnoses everyone with out a degree or training?
What happens if you leave a lingual hemangioma untreated?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
How true is this about Doraemon that a real Nobita suffering from schizophrenia and he committed a suicide?
What's wrong with me, I know I'm gay but something in my head keeps making me second guess myself?
What distinctions separate BPD and adult child symptoms?
Why were people with mental illness abused in the past, and currently in some countries?
Is there anyone here on Quora who can help me overcome depression?
How do I deal with my husband's extreme sloppiness?
How can I find online help for depression?
Are there any methods (psychiatric or otherwise) that are proven to help with the symptoms of Narcissistic Victim Syndrome?
Is it right to commit suicide for being short?
How do I overcome stress and anxiety one day before the BITSAT?
How can I ensure my overall mental development?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
How do you deal with anxiety and its effects?
When do I become matured mentally?
Can Prednisone cause anxiety?
I’m a teenager with separation anxiety. What should I do?
How do I tell my parents about my mental health issues?
What are unreasonable reasons and unreasonable frequencies of a psychotherapist taking time off? What crosses the line of being unprofessional?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
Can meditation make you insane and mental?
Do people with psychosis or a psychotic breakdown know that about themselves? Are they cognizant they are in an alternate reality/breakdown?
How can a person suffering from bipolar 2 take decisions and control his life?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
What are the best methods to improve Depression and anxiety without Meds?
What are the chances of someone having bipolar disorder if one of his parents have it?
Is dementia genetic?
What are the things which can give you mental peace?
How do I stop my mind from having negative thoughts? My mind adds up all the possibilities and that makes me more upset or worried.
What current depressing situation are you going through?
Are all drug induced psychotic episodes due to mental illness?
Depression has made me a better person. Without trying to "get rid of it", what are some ways to manage it?
What happens if an airline asks "is there a doctor aboard" and a mentally ill fraud gets up to "help" a heart attack victim, who is responsible?
Have you ever been anxious for no reason at all?
Will my "depression" ever go away? I'm supposedly bipolar, and I say it that way because I feel that borderline mental illness might not be real.
Is it possible to mentally prepare yourself for death?
What is the way to come out of depression? Is using drugs or alcohol the right way to come out?
Why do I feel the need to read about who were the victims after terror attacks?
The breathing techniques discovered by Wim Hof can help eliminate depression and anxiety, but can it send blood flowing to anywhere in the body?
How does over-analysis deepen your mental illness?
How can I avoid depression?
Why does everyone sound so depressed on Quora?
Should psychopaths who have committed violent crimes be held accountable for them?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
Can psychopaths have cognitive empathy?
What is insanity and at which point can a person be classified as "medically insane"?
Do people with depression feel depressed/empty all the time or sometimes it's strong and sometimes you can actually be happy?
Why is my social anxiety worse when I'm around my family? I go out of my way to avoid them because they make me feel nervous and I hide from them.
When does the onset of schizophrenia begin? Is it noticeable at first?
What is specific social anxiety, and how can a person overcome it?
What do narcissists say about their condition?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Do your body movements respond to OCD intrusive thoughts?
How would psychopaths react if they're "scared" in a way?
Why do people think that you are weak when you are depressed?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
What is it like to have a psychological mind?
How do I make myself better in just one month? How do I overcome my depression and make myself happy?
How do people with bipolar disorder feel during a grandiose state?
Are lefties more prone to mental illness?
Who volunteers in a support group for people with depression?
How do you deal with anxiety and depression syndrome?
Do people who hear voices ever hear useful information or positive things or are the voices always negative and delusional?
Is it normal to constantly and uncontrollably have a crush? Could it be a disorder?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How can I stop depression as a teenager?
How would you commit suicide?
Does homeopathy work in OCD cases?
What words would you tell someone who is a manic bipolar?
After drinking, Dad doesn't talk properly to Mom and me. Conversing with him takes a mental toll on us. Should I isolate him from my world mentally?
How do we regenerate an active mind which is under depression?
How does one know if they're suffering from manic depression?
Can one use characteristical similarities between humans as a basis for suggesting an individual’s mentality?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
Can you cure misophonia?
What percentage of U.S. citizens suffer from some type of mental health disorder?
I was left by a woman who couldn't understand that all I wanted was a trustworthy and loyal partner. Could my BPD been the cause of her infidelity?
How hard is it for someone with schizoid personality disorder to get through school?
Is there a correlation between depression and being second-born?
Are sadness and depression the same? What do you do to cope with them?
What should I do to overcome depression? I become over-anxious or over-depressed.
What is the next therapy session like after a suicide attempt?
What hapens when a psychopath grows up in a good environment and is taught to feel empathy and not to hurt or manipulate others?
At what age does signs of mental illness begin to show?
What should I do if I self-harm but don’t know why?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
Is it possible to "turn" into a sociopath later in life if you've been through traumatic experiences, have traits, but still feel empathy?
Can caffeine be used to treat ADHD in nursing mothers who were diagnosed after having children?
Am I the only one who feels so depressed that I cry when I see very young kids swearing?
Who are some famous paranoid schizophrenics?
Do you have any advice for an adult waiting on a diagnosis of autism?
I consciously employ influence psychology to get what I want, am I a psychopath?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
I'm 14 and trying to figure out how can I get mental help without directly asking for it?
How does one get a Psychiatric Service Dog?
How do I get over my fear of burglars?
Do you believe there is a major difference in recovery from mental illness for those of higher intellect?
What's that mental state called where you get a sudden rush of excitement?
What is the point of trying when people are bloodthirsty and crazy?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Aren't the people who aid & abet severely obese, bedridden family members mentally ill?
Does the stable state last longer in schizophrenia or in bipolar disorder?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
What should I do whenever I feel depressed or demotivated?
If you’re philosophically inclined, how do you "shut it off"?
What is the best natural stress relief for ptsd?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Can you be a sociopath without having severe trauma and having had a relatively normal life?
What do psychopaths think of childhood abuse?
I’m depressed because I feel like my life has no meaning. What should I do?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Calicut?
Recently, my parents suffered a huge financial loss of 70 lacs Rs? Both of them are inconsolable and are in a deep depression. What should I do?
Are Northern Europe countries like Sweden the heaven for anti-social and non-ambitious people?
Was Tom Riddle a sociopath or a psychopath?
I want to be a music producer, but every time I come across an answer which has IIT in it, I feel depressed. What should I do?
What are the physical ways to reduce tension and anxiety before and during the exam days?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
Is it okay for a sociopath to manipulate people?
Why do some specialists give titles to the people that are suffering from a mental disorder if behaviours are changeable by own good will?
How do you describe the biology behind depression under 2 minutes?
Does lithium really work for depression?
For psychotherapists with many decades of experience, what has changed and stayed the same in what clients have brought to therapy over the decades?
What could this mental illness be?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Does a schizophrenic drawing what is in their mind help them understand themselves?
Does the thought of the average human life depress most people, i.e. eat, sleep, school, and work, etc.?
How do I self harm?
I want to make a company of psychopaths, how do I do it?
How likely are voice hearers to commit suicide?
How can I best avoid depression?
Is it possible to get PTSD from a dream?
What medical tests exist for 'cured' for illnesses not caused by a parasite?
I think my anxiety is causing depression. I do not know what to do. My parents think depression is a way of getting attention. What should I do?
Does an anxiety attack make ADHD symptoms worse?
Why is mental illness used as an excuse by some abusers?
Do psychopaths have different inherent reflexes/instincts?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
Where I can found society of mental brahmacharis?
Is it possible to lead a meaningful life with a severe mental illness?
Is narcissistic personality disorder a common personality disorder serial killers have?
Are all psychopaths good at lying?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths ever fake cry, when getting in trouble as children?
Is there any good way to get rid of a fetish?
What is the name of the stiffness disorder suffered by mountaineers at higher altitudes?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
Do you take medication for your anxiety? If so, are you concerned about studies that say anxiety medications can cause permanent changes in your brain?
How would a sociopath with comorbid BPD look like?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
What is the safest and easiest way to commit suicide?
Are you supposed to not go to the light if you get a concussion? How come?
As per Islam, life and death are in God's hands, then why are people able to take their own lives?
How do you manage things you can't control (like family issues, illness, etc)?
Do you really need to see a psychologist if you know what you have and don't even want to change?
Is it hard to get into clinical mental counseling programs?
Can a psychopath tell that they're a psychopath before they've been diagnosed?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
What are the best multivitamins to prevent Alzheimer's/dementia?
How can I commit suicide easily without hurting anyone?
What factors contribute to the higher than average prevalence of depression in Belgium?
Do you believe that estrogen therapy reduces physical strength in transwomen?
What do you do if you love programming but it burns you out constantly?
If a person has a mental illness, does that mean the person is insane and can't function in society?
Should I quit gaming if it makes me depressed and I want to get fit and better grades?
What is the likely cause of lethargy barring any grave illness in an otherwise functioning individual?
I think my mom is quite depressed. What should I do?
How do I safely ask for help when I have a dependent personality disorder?
Is listening to music good or bad for our mental health?
Can I get some opinions on whether I should seek help?
Can I end my OCD completely?
How can I help someone feeling worthless and depressed?
What are some immediate ways to help a panic attack?
In what ways do mothers with borderline personality disorder affect their children?
Can second hand weed smoke cause panic and anxiety attacks?
Seeing as how psychopathy isn't a diagnosable condition, what were psychopaths diagnosed with?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
What is the best way to overcome a really traumatic experience?
Do other sociopaths also suffer from getting bored to fast from certain songs, they actually admire?
What do psychopaths think of sex?
How does it feel to not have social anxiety?
What should I do to get over mild depression? What should I do to cheer myself up?
Is it possible to have mild bipolar or anxiety?
Has anyone overcome social anxiety? If so, how?
How have your son's struggles with schizophrenia affected your opinion of the condition (not of the people afflicted with it)?
Is it possible to reclaim creativity after a long depression?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Do Low Functioning sociopaths blend in like their High Functioning counterpart?
If others cannot recover fully from depression then why and how can I?
Why do I feel depressed after yoga?
When does a proposed disorder becomes an official disorder? And where do you check if it's really officially recognized in medicine?
What are the main challenges with patient feedback in mental health services?
I remember hating people very quickly when I was a child. Why was that? Is it normal?
How can I stop this nightly depression that is crushing me?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
How should one cope with the constant "slippage" back to depression particularly when meds poop out?
Can people become psychopaths eventually, as opposed to being born as such?
When I read on Quora, it seems to me that everyone is so knowledgeable and I don't know anything, I feel depressed sometimes. What should I do?
How can I get medical help for my father with Alzheimer’s/dementia? What can we do to bring about his memory?
Is the contemplation of the meaninglessness of existence an effective cure for depression and embarrassment?
How did you get diagnosed as a clinical psychopath, sociopath, or ASPD?
Is there anyone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder in Bhopal?
How can I defend myself from someone with a borderline personality disorder?
What are some good methods that can relieve you from anxiety?
Is it true that Nobita was real and suffering from schizophrenia and that he imagined Doraemon?
Is going through depression a spiritual and karmic test?
Does the antidepressant Effexor promote wakefulness and attention in people with ADD/ADHD, just as Strattera does? Or is Strattera the only one?
Why do people suffer from depression?
Without any degrees or licenses, could I create this business idea that I have for Mental Health?
The recent news says that "Instagram is worst social media for young mental health". What's your honest opinion on this?
Can a diagnosed sociopath or psychopath become a social worker/therapist/psychologist?
Can a person be cured of PTSD?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have different personality disorders in each of his personalities?
Can depression cause constant chest discomfort?
Do sociopaths also have a paranoid personality disorder?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
I am depressed because my single mother keeps yelling at me all the time. What should I do?
What are some psychiatric lies?
What's the best way to ease the feeling of someone in anxiety or depression?
Is it normal for a therapist to look concerned when a client has a drastic personality change?
Is there a disorder/disease or mental illness where you are happy one day and totally unmotivated the next?
I think I am depressed. What can I do?
Is the feeling of being 'possessed' (not being able to control ones thoughts/feelings) a symptom of dissociative identity disorder or something else?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
What should I tell to the counselor about my depression?
Why does isolation drive someone insane?
Do malignant narcissists hoover after discarding you?
After recovering from depression, how do I regain the full cognitive ability and strength I once had?
A lady has periodic mental phases. She speaks a lot during that and is very nonsensical and turns religious. What can the problem be?
What have been the most helpful words or deeds in helping you to overcome mental problems?
Can reactive depression turn or evolve into clinical depression?
How do anti-depression pills work in our bodies?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths still like Hannibal, regardless of the wrong prescription of a psychopath?
Is pain physically real or mentally?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
What are third wave behavior therapies?
Is there a definitive point in time where we can say Hitler went from sane to insane?
What is the one word for physically present in one place and mentally somewhere else?
How come I have had major hallucinations from Zoloft after two days?
Is there any type of OCD that happens only when you are on the internet (let’s say an internet sub-type of OCD)?
How can I live even though I am old and ugly and depressed?
What's the difference between sociopaths, psychopaths, narcissists, and a Machiavellian?
What is it like to be in a relationship with a bipolar person?
Love is a mental illness that destroys the mind. How can it be cured?
Why do you think many people do not seek help for anxiety problems?
Did anyone with BPD get told they were just being teens when they knew that they did have BPD?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
What should I do to keep myself from having more depression break downs?
When it comes to prescribed medications to treat mental illness, what is the difference between being dependant and being addicted?
What type of paranoia commonly occurs in bipolar disorder?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What makes you get over depression faster?
Every single test I took online says that I have severe depression. I don't want to take any meds due to the side effects. How do I explain this to my doctor?
How can I help my struggling classmate?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager forever and improve my life?
How are you coping with your bipolar and are you getting good help?
How can I get my mind out of this deep cycle of anxiety and panic feeling?
Is it common for the partner of someone with BPD to lose their social life, abuse alcohol, & feel dependent on their BPD partner?
Is it any better or worse for recovery to try and resist the symptoms of drug-induced movement disorders?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
Is social anxiety a mental disorder or a mindset?
Where can I find the solution to psychological problems?
What’s it like to be a narcissist?
Is drinking a sign of depression?
Does depression and mental illness affect growth in height?
How do I, as a clinically depressed person, get through to my narcissistic brother, who is coming to visit? He has no clue how stressful it will be for me.
What are some behaviours that you're most ashamed of when you were in a borderline personality "episode"?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
How can I find out whether I'm disturbed or depressed?
From any TV show, which characters do you believe have psychological disorders and why?
Does staying in a mental hospital affect my reputation/record? How could that affect my future?
What are the common symptoms of intermittent explosive disorder?
Why do happy people tend to refuse medication when falling ill?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Why do people have a cheap mentality?
Have you been peed upon by somebody else?
What is psychological abuse?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
Does jealousy cause paranoia or does paranoia cause jealousy?
Who experiences euthymic/stable state longer? Schizophrenics or people with bipolar disorder?
At what age do most humans begin losing their mental faculties?
What do I do to identify what type of narcissistic disorder I have?
What should I do if the stupidity of my mother drives me insane?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
Sometimes in our lives we get depressed. What are the different reasons for depression?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Can a sociopath be calm and avoid anger problems?
Why do people pity those who self-harm, but not those who harm others?
Why are more and more people affected by stress, anxiety, and depression, compared to the past and previous generations?
I've been depressed for 3 years now. I'm considering suicide. What should I do?
How does it sound to have a professional guide to work you through any health problem you may have, or any health achievment you may want to reach?
How would a person with Aspergers react to a sociopath stare?
Is writing to relieve OCD related anxiety counterproductive in this case?
Is there any new type of mental illness that has been discovered in the last 25 years?
I got multiple 94–100% scores on tests to help assess if someone is a psychopath or not. What should I do?
Can you help a psychopath?
Is it normal to feel mentally sick?
Does masturbation hampers our mental power?
How do I test for bipolar depression symptoms?
Will somebody please shout out 3 awesome things about anyone you know with BPD? Can't we be good parents & friends, too? Can our loyalty be duly noted?
What is the similarities between God and psychopath/sociopath/narcissistic?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder ever feel remorse?
What are some daily things you can do that make you mentally stronger?
Is defining mental heath culturally significant?
How long does it take to recover from years on psychiatric drugs?
What do you do if someone threatens to commit suicide?
Which is your best experience with or as a psychologist?
How are the different types of mental disorders treated?
Are more people depressed than ever or am I incorrectly perceiving the world that way due to myself being so depressed?
How can I get out of depression when it feels like nothing matters anymore and that no one actually cares?
Does Will Graham from NBC's Hannibal fit the criteria for BPD?
What are meditation techniques used to overcome anxiety?
Can a narcissist use doing good to others to get his supply?
What causes mental decompensation?
I suffer from depression. Should I just give up?
Why do I get so anxious when someone laughs at me?
Does a sociopath or psychopath's face truly morph when they transfer into one of their other personalities?
If I call 911 saying I am going insane, how long will I be in a mental hospital if I tell them I will hurt myself if they let me go?
Do therapists recommended different clothing to their patients?
Do anxiety/depression and sleep deprivation have the same side effects as weed?
Why doesn't the psychology community recognize psychopathy as different to ASDP?
How does a psychiatrist choose between diagnosing a patient with NPD versus a diagnosis as a sociopath?
What medications are prescribed when a person suffers from PTSD and severe anxiety?
Do I have to accept the fact that I'm never going to overcome depression?
What will happen to me mentally and physically if I continue to suppress my negative emotions?
How do you explain that depression is a feeling, directed by brain chemistry, that doesn't go away no matter what action is taken?
Why do I get filled with negativity on certain days/times of the week?
Can someone with social anxiety become a psychologist?
Why do some people tend to attract people with personality disorders into their life?
What were you depressed about?
What would earn a psychopath's unstoppable vengeance against you?
Does anyone find it ironic that Congresswoman Waters continues to say that a lot of conservatives have real mental problems?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
Is there any help I can get regarding my mental health for free in Delhi?
Can a child be a psychopath?
What is some advice for someone with BPD who is trying to recover?
Is there anyway to find out if I am mentally weak?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Is Sense8 about something that is kind of like DID (dissociative identity disorder), but in reverse?
Can overthinking past mistakes turn you into a depressed person?
How does a psychopath feel during a depression?
How does it feels like to suffer from "aunty shaming" in India?
Was depression a major issue for you before you came out to your family?
Is a person who hears voices and thinks others are spying on them likely to commit suicide eventually?
What can I do when neither therapy nor medication have helped my depression?
Why do you feel the need to glorify your mental disorders as if it's something to boast and brag about?
I live in the UK. If I get diagnosed with depression, will I get signed off work?
Does Luvox treat depression?
What is your trauma?
What actions would get you instantly in a mental home?
Isn’t it inevitable that people will scream or shout out at others, to reduce their mental stress?
Can sodium nitroprusside be used safely in the routine treatment of schizophrenia?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
Does criticism become less painful for someone with BPD when they make progress in their disorder?
How do I tell this girl at school that vaccines don't cause the illnesses that they're supposed to prevent?
Should I work on vulnerability, trust, anxiety and depression with an emotionally focused therapist or an IFS/EMDR therapist?
What is the best way to relax mentally in preparation for an exam?
Should I keep gaming if it makes me depressed but independent as a teen?
Do all people with borderline suffer from a depression?
How can I transform myself to become my greatest version physically and mentally?
Is eating only once a day a sign of an eating disorder?
Are there people of the 'too lazy to commit suicide' variety?
Can you go insane from an internet video?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorders murder?
Is it possible to have PTSD from something that was not sexual abuse or a physical threat?
What is the difference between being lonely or depressed? How can one know?
Why does clinical depression happen?
How do the different types of mental disorders affect people?
How long should it take (roughly) for your therapist to give you a diagnosis?
Do psychotherapists provide the same legal provision for client confidentiality as lawyers do?
How do teens with BPD act usually?
I feel like hypomanic when only listening to music. Does this mean I'm bipolar and/or manic?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
What do you mean by psychotherapy?
What are the specific behaviors you consider to diagnose BPD?
How do I overcome my glossophobia (speech anxiety)?
Is Neurofeedback (to treat anxiety) safe?
Since learning about people with PD/NPD, why am I still having a hard time understanding that everything I thought I knew about my ex was a lie?
Has anyone been at the brink of sanity? How did you find your way out?
What disorder (mental) would make a person show no facial expressions?
Why do I keep having thoughts of suicide although I am perfectly right in the head (no depression, bipolar disorder, etc)?
A guy has developed OCD and depression due to years of bullying in school and college. Can he ever stop taking OCD medication and lead a normal life?
Why do people suffering depression push other people away?
Is it possible to engage in eating disorder behaviors with without actually having one?
When dealing with suicidal thoughts or depression, did any online suicide prevention/support services help you? If so, which ones?
Why does my natural anxiety get in the way of my acting career?
What if a depressed person refuses to consult a doctor and refuses medication?
Can one prevent mental aging and the mental decline that comes with it?
I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow about whether I have depression what do I say?
How can I deal with stress, depression and boredom?
How does a person stop being a compulsive liar?
Why am I feeling anxiety about a kiss I did not consent to?
Does artificial intelligence affect our mental growth in a negative way?
Are mental illnesses solely subjective judgements by our professionals? Or are there bio markers?
What do you do when a therapist asks you to do an assignment, but you can't do it? Am I failing therapy?
Would a sociopath make a great psychologist?
Why do I self harm?
Do psychopaths ever experience uncontrollable laughter?
What are the reasons of someone with BPD getting fired from work?
Whenever life gets normal, I begin getting depressed again. How do you think I can prevent that or reduce the feeling?
Do people abuse drugs and alcohol, or do drugs and alcohol abuse people?
I have a feeling that people are criticizing me in their heads. Is it paranoia or social anxiety?
What is your advice on the balance between knowledge and experience?
How common is the somatization disorder?
Can you have bipolar and borderline personality disorder?
How do I cope with loneliness, homesickness, depression when studying abroad?
Do people with bipolar disorder during grandiose state behave like they know it all just like narcissists?
How can I recover from the depression of failure in my educational career upon graduation?
Does Ayahuasca cure anxiety?
How is sex like with a bipolar person?
Did you struggle with depression as a teenager? Do you feel you still battle it as an adult?
What is the significance of the exposure therapy when treating phobias?
Is creativity more common among bipolar 1 disorder or bipolar 2 disorder?
Are you really co-dependent or did you end up in a co-dependent relationship with a borderline without realizing it?
Can someone be asocial, shy and introverted and not have schizoid personality disorder?
Is CBT useful for high-functioning autistics in late teens? This is about a boy in his late teens. Problematic social behaviours sexual in nature.
Why are students committing suicides, and who, if anyone, is responsible?
Has anyone actually overcome depression and suicidal feelings?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
What are alternatives when therapy exacerbates rather than mitigates?
I feel very depressed and useless. How do I prevent suicide?
Why do people on Quora expand their answers and stretch it outside the box, Even though this isn't an "essay competition"?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
Do you have any recommendations for counseling or therapy in Michigan, USA?
How does Phenergan treat anxiety?
Is tardive dyskinesia reversible?
What is the difference between a syndrome and a disease?
How do you know if you are a high functioning autistic?
Do psychopaths ever have such a convincing mask that they even convince themselves?
A therapist withdrew from my BPD child, and now my child hates me. Why?
Why is talking to self considered insane?
What is the worst chronic disease to have? I think it's depression or anxiety. I have and have had many other serious illnesses.
What are some ways to not let others disturb our mental peace?
Is it hard to adjust to "the real world" if someone with a narcissistic personality disorder has recently recovered from the disorder?
What is victim mentality and how can one get over it?
How do I overcome depression due to delay in getting pregnant?
What are alternatives to lorazepam to treat an anxiety disorder?
Would you date someone who tried to commit suicide in their past?
How will I tell my parents that I am sad or nearly depressed and I seek counseling?
How do you deal with a sociopathic grandmother?
What do you do when you feel really blue and depressed?
What is the solution if a depressed person refuses to consult doctor and the person is harming the family?
How old do I have to be to get diagnosed with ASPD?
Do you believe it is better for a client to plan what to discuss in a psychotherapy session or just allow things to "naturally" unfold?
Can you sue someone if their stalking caused you to go psychotic?
I have been having panic attacks since my breakup, will they ever stop?
Will I ever stop being so anxious?
Is it possible to recover from a 12-year experience of being heavy bullied at school from a large number of people (including some teachers)?
Is depression a genetic disease, or is it affected or triggered by environment?
Do people with personality disorders often use words like "always" or "never"?
Is it normal for anxiety sufferers to doubt their feelings for their partners in new relationships? I'm a long-time anxiety sufferer.
How do you know if you're a sociopath or just an ENTP with low empathy?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Why is the number of people being treated for mental illnesses still rapidly increasing if the most common treatments (therapy & drugs) are effective?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
Whenever I return to my hometown for any length of time, I become overcome with depression. Is this a common phenomenon?
Should I self-harm aloud to force people to like me?
What is the relationship between synchronicity and personality disorders, like BPD?
Will Psychopaths fake other personality disorders to confuse their victims?
What sorts of thoughts run through your mind when you see a mentally disabled person?
How do you deal with anxiety/constantly not feeling good enough?
How can I explain to people about my mental illness when I don't seem "crazy" to other people most of the time?
How long does paranoia last in a bipolar disorder?
Can a bad childhood cause adult survivors to lie excessively and uncontrollably? Is it a mental disorder or just plain human nature?
What should be done when a person is mentally drained out and they are not getting enough care from their family?
How can I overcome my depression?
Is it "attention seeking" and "conceited" (in a way) to accept/sometimes say that I have a mental disorder?
After the discard stage, do narcissists treat their victims as if they were the narcissist?
Over the past couple of years, I have become dependent on looking at screens. What has happened to me?
What are the traits/characteristics of a mentally, psychologically healthy/balanced/strong person?
Are there any treatment centres that specialise in addiction and borderline personality disorder comorbidity?
What are some characteristics of the different types of paranoid personality disorder?
Are Avoidant Personality Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome possibly be both present?
I graduated from high school. What do I do now?
As an unemployee, how do you overcome the mental pressure?
When are you tempted to stop taking your psychiatric medications in order to feel more brilliant?
How do you treat addictive personality disorder?
Why are members of ISIS not in mental hospitals or prison?
This world is conditional, and we are only wanted if we are useful, so how can someone be labeled as "depressed," when it makes sense to feel down about life?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
How do psychopaths and people with ASPD deal with boredom?
What do people who are unable to work (due to illness) do to fill their days?
What are some useful lists to commit to memory for mental/speed math?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
My husband is having mental problems, where can I get a good doctor to cure him?
What mental illnesses does David Wood suffer from?
Who is qualified to treat depression, and how is it treated?
The DSM. What good or bad has it done for mental health progress?
How many people reading this have been diagnosed with a Primary Immunodeficiency?
If I call 911 and tell them I am going insane and going to kill myself, will I have to speak to my parents before going to a hospital?
Why are my coping mechanisms regressing?
Why do people have split personality?
What's the best way to help someone with dissociative identity disorder without making it worse for that individual?
Knowing that fear is a mental state, how can we definitively suppress/overcome it?
Is there something I can read or watch that will help when I'm having a panic attack?
What are some of your experiences as a gay man with borderline personality traits?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
How does PTSD affect tenants in the home?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
How can I keep myself from feeling worthless and depressed?
I'm only fourteen, and I think I'm depressed. What do I do?
How do you deal with the fact that you might be a sociopath?
Am I a sociopath? How do I know for sure?
What are the ayahuasca health requirements?
Which practice management software packages do psychotherapists/psychologists use, and what do they think of them?
What can I do to convince my 42-year-old BPD mom to seek treatment?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
What do you do when you're in the depressive state of BPD?
What do I do if I can no longer parent my 16 year old?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
Hi I am really worried. I suffer from anxiety and OCD. And I suffer from repetitive blasphemes thoughts. I am a christian. i have Thoughts like the unpardonable  sin. Now the thing that worries me is that say I get baptized in the Holy Spirit and I try to speak in tongues. But I can't speak In tongues. Is it possible that I committed the unpardonable sin because I can't speak In Tongues after I was baptized by the Holy Spirit? I have these thoughts about the unpardonable sin like almost every day. I don't want to have these thoughts.
Is mental health an issue among Christians in America?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
Is there any renowned economist with ADHD/ADD?
Is it legal to refuse to sell a gun to someone who looks mentally ill?
Are 'psychosomatic' issues a medically accepted condition? If so, how does it work? What is the frequency of occurrences? Are the symptoms real?
What are some examples of sociopathic tendencies?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
I form patterns and if I can't cope with them, I feel stressful. Is it some disorder?
Why does rain make me depressed? How do I get over it?
How would you explain how it feels to not have a personality disorder to someone with a class B personality disorder?
If schizophrenia is a condition and not an illness, why can’t it be cured and not just managed?
I have a felony record, I suffer from bipolar, and I'm 20, can I save the world?
Can mapping the human connectome lead to a concrete understanding of mental illness?
Can someone become a sociopath without being molested?
How do I handle depression and suicidal thoughts during pregnancy as a single mother?
What's the end of depression?
What would happen if I was misdiagnosed as bipolar and took Seroquel for 3 nights (50m, 50mg, and 100mg) for this condition and for insomnia?
Will a full psychological test reveal a very suave covert narcissist's condition?
Centering on medical studies, are psychopaths born “as psychopaths” or is there always a contributing factor?
How do people with borderline personality disorder prevent themselves from crying?
Do people with borderline personality disorder get very jealous?
I always find myself either wanting things to be perfect or not wanting anything at all. This gets me depressed. What should I do?
Do psychopaths enjoy bestiality?
How can I cope with depression/manic bipolar episodes without seeing a shrink (I can't afford Obama Care)?
I have bipolar II disorder. Does anyone have any coping advice? I do see a therapist regularly but I'm afraid of meds & therapy can be uncomfortable.
How can I treat my obsessive love disorder?
Why does it happen that I fight with depression for a long time and feel happy for a short period of time and again get depressed? Why is the cycle repeating?
Is this depression or anxiety I always feel restless and feel like crying?
Is it common for people with borderline personality disorder to be brutally honest even when it does them harm?
Can not eating be a symptom of mania/hypomania?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
Why do those with BPD blame others?
At what age can someone be clinically diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder?
Gaming makes me depressed as a teen. Should I stop gaming?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
Why does my social anxiety go away when I speak another language?
What is the meaning of an obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD)?
Has BPD just singled out those to whom they are close?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
How do I know if my dysphagia is a sign of a physical or a mental problem?
I am suffering from emphysema. Can I go to Dharamshala for studies?
Are people on the dark web more likely to have some kind of disorder?
If psychological illnesses are fake, would this be a plausible alternative?
What is the savest and "easiest" way to commit suicide?
What can you do if you are scared of what to do when graduating/what to study, of getting depressed in post-secondary, and/or other fears?
What are the effects of over-protective parents on a child’s mental health?
What is the scope for speech therapy?
Should a child born with a deformity (either mental or physical, or both) have the right to live in an already overpopulated world?
What kind of qualities do you see in psychopaths or sociopaths that you wish you had?
How can I convince my parents to go to a therapist without telling them that I think I’m bipolar?
How do I tell my parents that they need to see a marriage counselor or some other form of therapist/psychologist?
What goes wrong in early childhood development that could cause narcissistic personality disorder?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
Am I mentally strong if I always hold my tears in front of other people?
How do I stop letting anxiety and stress ruin my life?
What are some of the best stories about schizophrenia?
What's the difference between cyclothymia and bipolar disorder?
How do I beat exam stress?
Can you get your looks back after depression?
Is the teenage depression hotline effective?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Is there anyone who took PCM by choice, but got depressed in 12th due to consistent falldowns?
How did you realise you have bipolar disorder and how did you feel?
Being a victim of a Vyapam scandal is driving me crazy; I'm frustrated and depressed. I'm 23 and I have no degree. What should I do?
How do you lull a psychopath to sleep?
How long does an average bipolar episode last?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
What are some common traits that people confuse between psychopaths and sociopaths?
I am 30 years old. I am suffering from pure OCD. I just have obsessions and rare compulsions. I tried medicines, yoga, but nothing’s helping. What do I do?
Should bipolar disorder sufferers seek stability and routine above all else?
Do psychopaths ever feel smug? If so, when?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
How do I get therapy without my parents finding out in India?
I have been having suicidal thoughts and intents for a while now. Should I just ignore this? If I had access to ways to successfully do it I would.
A girl with signs of mental illness is accusing me of battery. What can I do?
Has anyone went to therapy thinking they have a mental illness and were really suffering, then found out they are fine and just exaggerating?
What keeps suicidal people going?
Which Naruto characters are sociopaths?
How can I get excited when I need to stay calm in order to prevent triggering anxiety?
Why do I get depressed when I'm on the Internet for a long time?
Are narcissists delusional and mentally unstable?
How can I break out of a mental loop?
How do you deal with anxiety and being ridiculed because you are trans?
Am I actually depressed? How should I seek help?
Scary thoughts are not letting me sleep. I have anxiety. How do I overcome irrational and scary thoughts?
What is the worst social media for young people's mental well being?
How do people who suffer from multiple personality disorder, manage their daily life?
What does being 27% neurotypical entail for an individual?
How can I cope with the fact that there are insane people out there?
Why do people in India neglect mental health and visiting a psychiatrist is considered more of a taboo?
What if I diagnosed my partner as a narcissit wrongly?
Why is it that a large percentage of people that commit suicide, do it by hanging themselves? It seems there are a lot better options.
How does one cope with stress in law school?
Why are schizoids (schizoid personality disorder) so weird?
What's the best way to get someone with borderline personality disorder (BPD) into treatment or Dialectical Behavior Therapy when they don't believe they have a problem in the first place?
Why do I feel anxious about a kiss?
Do gadgets help in overcoming depression? If so what apps/games you suggest?
Is Dota 2 a fun and addicting game that can keep me restrained from thinking about depression?
Why do we get distracted and become depressed while studying?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
Psychopaths, does it affect you that sometimes your actions and your involvement change an outcome of a situation?
How do narcissists know to select people who cannot defend their personal boundaries?
Will a separation from your parents help you to get over depression?
How can I get over my severe social anxiety enough to not mess up every relationship I have before they even have a chance to be something?
Is psychopathy our default setting?
How far are we from finding a cure for the mental disorder known as atheism?
Can anxiety disorder cause EKG/ECG abnormalities?
What sort of mental issues does Trevor Phillips from GTA V suffer from?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What're the best ways to avoid a psychological disturbance?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
How often on average should men have sex to stay mentally healthy?
Is it bad that I resent my mentally ill sister, after she dropped out of two universities, leaving us broke?
Can an autistic person become a therapist?
Is there any psychiatric condition in which the patient tends to help others?
How do I help someone with body dysmorphic disorder?
Why do people with BPD deny having BPD?
Do psychopaths make good shoplifters and are they better at it than neurotypicals?
Is there any scale to measure depression? What would make you decide that you are depressed?
What does the mental developmental index mean?
Where can I find a good psychologist in Jaipur for eating disorders?
What are the odds a narcissistic sociopath with borderline personality disorder has recycled 3 times?
What disorder has symptoms like repetition of words, language problems (language is not clear), and emotional problems?
How can a severely mentally ill individual convince themselves that their life is worth living?
Statistically speaking, what percentage of homeless people have a mental illness?
Is there a diagnosis for some who diagnoses everyone with out a degree or training?
What happens if you leave a lingual hemangioma untreated?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
How true is this about Doraemon that a real Nobita suffering from schizophrenia and he committed a suicide?
What are the best meds to combat severe anxiety?
Does anti-psychotic medication actually cure the problem, or does it just "mask " the illness to make a human seem "normal " in society's eyes?
What's wrong with me, I know I'm gay but something in my head keeps making me second guess myself?
What distinctions separate BPD and adult child symptoms?
Why were people with mental illness abused in the past, and currently in some countries?
Is there anyone here on Quora who can help me overcome depression?
How do I deal with my husband's extreme sloppiness?
How should I enjoy the life if I have some mental disorders like autism?
What can I do to stop being a schizoid?
How can I find online help for depression?
Can one catch schizophrenia from raising a kid with schizophrenia?
How can I hide from others that I'm a psychopath?
Are there any methods (psychiatric or otherwise) that are proven to help with the symptoms of Narcissistic Victim Syndrome?
Is it right to commit suicide for being short?
Is it possible for some psychopaths to have shallow empathy/remorse or is the underdevelopment of the amygdala an all or nothing situation?
How do I overcome stress and anxiety one day before the BITSAT?
How can I ensure my overall mental development?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
How do you deal with anxiety and its effects?
Can you be suicidal but not depressed?
Depression and anxiety has driven me to become extremely shy and dumb as well as the development of hyperhidrosis. What should I do?
What are some strategies to have better resistance to mental abuse?
When do I become matured mentally?
How can one deal with siblings who talk down to you, or bully you, because of past mental health issues?
Is the way Christians relate to suffering different from the way in which people with other belief systems relate to suffering?
Can Prednisone cause anxiety?
I’m a teenager with separation anxiety. What should I do?
How can you tell if a cat is mentally challenged?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
Can spirituality cause derealization?
How do I tell my parents about my mental health issues?
What are unreasonable reasons and unreasonable frequencies of a psychotherapist taking time off? What crosses the line of being unprofessional?
Can someone with schizoaffective be originally misdiagnosed with boderline personality disorder?
I feel depressed at times, but perfectly fine. My depression comes along at sporadic times, usually small things sparking it. Am I bipolar?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
What I am supposed to say to a clinician if I think I'm in depression?
Can meditation make you insane and mental?
Do people with psychosis or a psychotic breakdown know that about themselves? Are they cognizant they are in an alternate reality/breakdown?
How can a person suffering from bipolar 2 take decisions and control his life?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
What are the best methods to improve Depression and anxiety without Meds?
What are the chances of someone having bipolar disorder if one of his parents have it?
Is dementia genetic?
What are the things which can give you mental peace?
Is there a difference between depression and major depressive disorder or MDD?
How do I stop my mind from having negative thoughts? My mind adds up all the possibilities and that makes me more upset or worried.
What current depressing situation are you going through?
Are all drug induced psychotic episodes due to mental illness?
Is it possible to make a psychopath angry and lash out?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
What are the cures for anxiety and depression?
How long do people go see a psychiatrist?
How common is abuse in mental institutions?
How can a bipolar induce sleep during a manic phase without an anti manic?
Depression has made me a better person. Without trying to "get rid of it", what are some ways to manage it?
What happens if an airline asks "is there a doctor aboard" and a mentally ill fraud gets up to "help" a heart attack victim, who is responsible?
Are Alzheimer’s, Parkinson's, and Cataracts preceded by serious mental confusion?
Have you ever been anxious for no reason at all?
Will my "depression" ever go away? I'm supposedly bipolar, and I say it that way because I feel that borderline mental illness might not be real.
Is it possible to mentally prepare yourself for death?
Are narcissists patient when targeting their victims?
Can OCD be treated with medication?
What is the way to come out of depression? Is using drugs or alcohol the right way to come out?
What is the experience of people having undergone hypnotism for depression?
Why do I feel the need to read about who were the victims after terror attacks?
The breathing techniques discovered by Wim Hof can help eliminate depression and anxiety, but can it send blood flowing to anywhere in the body?
How does over-analysis deepen your mental illness?
How can I avoid depression?
Why does everyone sound so depressed on Quora?
Should psychopaths who have committed violent crimes be held accountable for them?
How do I help a friend who is suicidal but terrified of therapists?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
Can psychopaths have cognitive empathy?
Is nail biting a sign of psychological disorder like narcissism or psychopathy?
What is insanity and at which point can a person be classified as "medically insane"?
Why do I get depressed when I get anxious about something? My fiancé will be on a different shift soon, right now I'm upset, but nothing has happened.
I am feeling really hopeless, what shall I do?
Which books should I read to help get rid of panic attacks?
Do people with depression feel depressed/empty all the time or sometimes it's strong and sometimes you can actually be happy?
Why is my social anxiety worse when I'm around my family? I go out of my way to avoid them because they make me feel nervous and I hide from them.
When does the onset of schizophrenia begin? Is it noticeable at first?
What is specific social anxiety, and how can a person overcome it?
How badly do people with BPD experience paranoia?
What do narcissists say about their condition?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Do your body movements respond to OCD intrusive thoughts?
Did fMRI & other similar technologies destigmatize psychiatric disorders since we can view them as medical conditions & not the fault of the patient?
How would psychopaths react if they're "scared" in a way?
Why do people think that you are weak when you are depressed?
Was Keith Moon ever diagnosed with mental illness?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
What is it like to have a psychological mind?
How do I make myself better in just one month? How do I overcome my depression and make myself happy?
How do people with bipolar disorder feel during a grandiose state?
Are lefties more prone to mental illness?
Who volunteers in a support group for people with depression?
How do you deal with anxiety and depression syndrome?
Is it questionable to administer risperidone to non-psychotic patients?
Do people who hear voices ever hear useful information or positive things or are the voices always negative and delusional?
Is it normal to constantly and uncontrollably have a crush? Could it be a disorder?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How can I stop depression as a teenager?
How would you commit suicide?
Does homeopathy work in OCD cases?
How do I get one free psychotherapy session?
Do therapists look up your mental health chart?
What words would you tell someone who is a manic bipolar?
How does one know if they're suffering from manic depression?
After drinking, Dad doesn't talk properly to Mom and me. Conversing with him takes a mental toll on us. Should I isolate him from my world mentally?
How do we regenerate an active mind which is under depression?
Can one use characteristical similarities between humans as a basis for suggesting an individual’s mentality?
Besides the obvious medications and therapy, what activities, supplements, decisions, etc. have helped you live a meaningful life despite having BPD?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
How did you survive the emotional fallout from being manipulated by a malevolent sociopath?
Can you cure misophonia?
I'm 29 years old and feel the angriest I have ever been right now. What is the best thing for me to do?
What percentage of U.S. citizens suffer from some type of mental health disorder?
How do I control stress?
I was left by a woman who couldn't understand that all I wanted was a trustworthy and loyal partner. Could my BPD been the cause of her infidelity?
How hard is it for someone with schizoid personality disorder to get through school?
I am so depressed at this moment. What should​ I do?
What are some ways to relax your mind out of all of your anxiety and stress?
Is there a correlation between depression and being second-born?
Can narcissists (NPDs) feel affective empathy when they have accomplished their narcissistic supply?
Are sadness and depression the same? What do you do to cope with them?
What should I do to overcome depression? I become over-anxious or over-depressed.
What is the next therapy session like after a suicide attempt?
What hapens when a psychopath grows up in a good environment and is taught to feel empathy and not to hurt or manipulate others?
Can a person have both schizoid and avoidant personality disorder?
At what age does signs of mental illness begin to show?
What should I do if I self-harm but don’t know why?
What are better treatments for anxiety that should be taken?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
How do games affect a child’s mental growth?
Why are depressed people more realistic?
Can you get over anxiety without medication?
Is it possible to "turn" into a sociopath later in life if you've been through traumatic experiences, have traits, but still feel empathy?
Can caffeine be used to treat ADHD in nursing mothers who were diagnosed after having children?
Am I the only one who feels so depressed that I cry when I see very young kids swearing?
Who are some famous paranoid schizophrenics?
Is Demi Lovato really bipolar manic and depressed?
Do you have any advice for an adult waiting on a diagnosis of autism?
How do I deal with my depressed partner?
I consciously employ influence psychology to get what I want, am I a psychopath?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
I'm 14 and trying to figure out how can I get mental help without directly asking for it?
How does one get a Psychiatric Service Dog?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Why is being highly creative/intelligent often associated with mental illness?
Does a person suffering from NPD know that they have NPD?
How do I get over my fear of burglars?
Do you believe there is a major difference in recovery from mental illness for those of higher intellect?
What can I do from here? I'm not exactly depressed. How can I go about finding a spiritual path?
What's that mental state called where you get a sudden rush of excitement?
What is the point of trying when people are bloodthirsty and crazy?
Aren't the people who aid & abet severely obese, bedridden family members mentally ill?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Does the stable state last longer in schizophrenia or in bipolar disorder?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
What stops a narcissist carrying out a smear campaign?
What should I do whenever I feel depressed or demotivated?
What are some tips to combat mental fatigue after long periods of focusing?
If you’re philosophically inclined, how do you "shut it off"?
What is the best natural stress relief for ptsd?
How do I get over this feeling? I had a breakup in Nov. 2016. I have a panic attack every time I come across anything that is remotely​ related to her.
How do I support my depressed dad?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Can you be a sociopath without having severe trauma and having had a relatively normal life?
What do psychopaths think of childhood abuse?
I’m depressed because I feel like my life has no meaning. What should I do?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Calicut?
Recently, my parents suffered a huge financial loss of 70 lacs Rs? Both of them are inconsolable and are in a deep depression. What should I do?
Are Northern Europe countries like Sweden the heaven for anti-social and non-ambitious people?
Was Tom Riddle a sociopath or a psychopath?
I want to be a music producer, but every time I come across an answer which has IIT in it, I feel depressed. What should I do?
What are the physical ways to reduce tension and anxiety before and during the exam days?
What is the average dose of quetiapine for BPD (EUPD)?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
How can I check to see if my mental health is good?
Is it okay for a sociopath to manipulate people?
Why do some specialists give titles to the people that are suffering from a mental disorder if behaviours are changeable by own good will?
Does lithium really work for depression?
What's the most common symptom of manic episode?
How do you describe the biology behind depression under 2 minutes?
For psychotherapists with many decades of experience, what has changed and stayed the same in what clients have brought to therapy over the decades?
Can I cure a derealization disorder by not thinking about the things that caused it?
What could this mental illness be?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
Does a schizophrenic drawing what is in their mind help them understand themselves?
Does the thought of the average human life depress most people, i.e. eat, sleep, school, and work, etc.?
What are the stupidest reasons for commiting suicide?
How do I self harm?
I want to make a company of psychopaths, how do I do it?
How come a narcissist can't apologize or realize they are wrong?
Is anime safe for people with depression?
How likely are voice hearers to commit suicide?
How can I best avoid depression?
Is it possible to get PTSD from a dream?
Do you know any interesting case of faking a disorder?
Why does anxiety cause tiredness?
What does it feel like to be ill?
What medical tests exist for 'cured' for illnesses not caused by a parasite?
I think my anxiety is causing depression. I do not know what to do. My parents think depression is a way of getting attention. What should I do?
What is a temporomandibular disorder?
How can one effectively (to an extent) emulate psychopathy?
Does an anxiety attack make ADHD symptoms worse?
What is the most terrifying mental illness one could experience that they are still aware of, that isn't acute schizophrenia?
What are ways to overcome anxiety in women?
Why is mental illness used as an excuse by some abusers?
How do I know if I damaged myself by taking a low dose of risperidone for 5 months?
Do psychopaths have different inherent reflexes/instincts?
All of a sudden I've started feeling depressed. What should I do?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
Where I can found society of mental brahmacharis?
Is it possible to lead a meaningful life with a severe mental illness?
In Islam, life and death are in God's hands alone, then why are people able to commit suicide?
Is narcissistic personality disorder a common personality disorder serial killers have?
Are all psychopaths good at lying?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths ever fake cry, when getting in trouble as children?
Is there any good way to get rid of a fetish?
I am 17 and I have ADHD, and I am in an environment that doesn't believe in psychological problems, what do I do? Where do I go from here?
What is the most severe thing a bipolar/schizophrenic person has ever done to you?
What is the name of the stiffness disorder suffered by mountaineers at higher altitudes?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
Do you take medication for your anxiety? If so, are you concerned about studies that say anxiety medications can cause permanent changes in your brain?
How would a sociopath with comorbid BPD look like?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Are murderers with mental illnesses simply discharged?
What is the safest and easiest way to commit suicide?
Are you supposed to not go to the light if you get a concussion? How come?
Do people with bipolar disorder find that their creativity decreases or is lost due to the effects of psychiatric medication?
As per Islam, life and death are in God's hands, then why are people able to take their own lives?
How do you manage things you can't control (like family issues, illness, etc)?
How can you learn to make good small but hard everyday choices (e.g. avoiding sweets on a diet, etc.), governing your feeling-thought-action dynamics?
Why do people want to be psychopaths? Or have any mental illness for that matter?
What are the types of panic disorders?
I’m 15 and have severe trust issues. Should I talk to a teacher (who has recently been asking if something’s wrong) about my mom being mentally abusive towards me?
Do you really need to see a psychologist if you know what you have and don't even want to change?
Is it hard to get into clinical mental counseling programs?
Can a psychopath tell that they're a psychopath before they've been diagnosed?
How can anxiety make you feel weak?
What can I do for someone who has depression?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
What are the best multivitamins to prevent Alzheimer's/dementia?
How can I commit suicide easily without hurting anyone?
How can I divert my attention from a life problem which causes depression?
What factors contribute to the higher than average prevalence of depression in Belgium?
Who in a narcissists life is his primary, secondary etc. supply sources?
Do you believe that estrogen therapy reduces physical strength in transwomen?
What do you do if you love programming but it burns you out constantly?
If a person has a mental illness, does that mean the person is insane and can't function in society?
Should I quit gaming if it makes me depressed and I want to get fit and better grades?
Why is my therapist sending me birthday messages with hugs and love instead of asking me why I terminated therapy abruptly?
What is the likely cause of lethargy barring any grave illness in an otherwise functioning individual?
I think my mom is quite depressed. What should I do?
How do I safely ask for help when I have a dependent personality disorder?
Is listening to music good or bad for our mental health?
Can I get some opinions on whether I should seek help?
Can I end my OCD completely?
Do psychopaths get bored really easy since they can't feel fear or get much of an adrenaline rush? What do they do to keep themselves entertained?
How can I help someone feeling worthless and depressed?
How do you tell an NPD parent that they are NPD and still have a relationship?
Are spiritual people more prone to depression?
What are some immediate ways to help a panic attack?
In what ways do mothers with borderline personality disorder affect their children?
Can second hand weed smoke cause panic and anxiety attacks?
Seeing as how psychopathy isn't a diagnosable condition, what were psychopaths diagnosed with?
How do you deal with suicidal people?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
Do psychopaths ever commit/consider suicide?
Can you tell me how mania, the mental illness, can kill you?
Do my parents have to be notified if I want to see a therapist privately?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
What is the best way to overcome a really traumatic experience?
Do other sociopaths also suffer from getting bored to fast from certain songs, they actually admire?
Is there a rehabilitation center in B. M. Institute of Mental Health, Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
What do psychopaths think of sex?
How does it feel to not have social anxiety?
What should I do to get over mild depression? What should I do to cheer myself up?
Is there a lifestyle that exists in America, where I can refuse psychiatric treatment?
Is it possible to have mild bipolar or anxiety?
How can I tell if I am experiencing genuine kundalini or psychosis/schizophrenia?
Has anyone overcome social anxiety? If so, how?
Have you had thoughts of suicide?
How have your son's struggles with schizophrenia affected your opinion of the condition (not of the people afflicted with it)?
Is it possible to reclaim creativity after a long depression?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Do Low Functioning sociopaths blend in like their High Functioning counterpart?
If others cannot recover fully from depression then why and how can I?
Why do I feel depressed after yoga?
When does a proposed disorder becomes an official disorder? And where do you check if it's really officially recognized in medicine?
What can I do if I'm trauma bonded with my ex-narcissist?
What are the main challenges with patient feedback in mental health services?
I remember hating people very quickly when I was a child. Why was that? Is it normal?
How can I stop this nightly depression that is crushing me?
What feeling do psychopaths have if someone is threatening to make them blind and cut both of their hands and both of their legs, and the threat is real?
If you feel the need to see a professional in relation to your mental health, does that mean you don't really need the help to begin with?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
Is it possible to suffer from PTSD after being let go from a job, without warning, after 20 years?
How should one cope with the constant "slippage" back to depression particularly when meds poop out?
Can people become psychopaths eventually, as opposed to being born as such?
Do high-functioning psychopaths understand rules and laws and understand why we follow them?
My father thinks my clinically diagnosed ADHD is fake and has been prohibiting me from getting medicine. What should I tell him?
When I read on Quora, it seems to me that everyone is so knowledgeable and I don't know anything, I feel depressed sometimes. What should I do?
How can I get medical help for my father with Alzheimer’s/dementia? What can we do to bring about his memory?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
Is the contemplation of the meaninglessness of existence an effective cure for depression and embarrassment?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, should we help him do it, or should we try to change his mind?
Who's worse than a psychopath?
Should I use social anxiety pills? If yes, what are they called?
How did you get diagnosed as a clinical psychopath, sociopath, or ASPD?
What not to say to a narcissist?
Does the government offer medical licenses to aspirants who are diagnosed with psychiatric conditions?
Is there anyone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder in Bhopal?
How can I defend myself from someone with a borderline personality disorder?
How can an average person mentally change mind to improve himself?
What are some good methods that can relieve you from anxiety?
Can bipolar disorder be self diagnosed?
Can methylphenidate cause permanent bipolar disorder?
Is it true that Nobita was real and suffering from schizophrenia and that he imagined Doraemon?
Which is the best way to quit psychodynamic psychotherapy?
Is going through depression a spiritual and karmic test?
Am I right to assume that all psychopaths are rich or at least not poor since they are master in manipulation and always get what they want?
Does the antidepressant Effexor promote wakefulness and attention in people with ADD/ADHD, just as Strattera does? Or is Strattera the only one?
Without any degrees or licenses, could I create this business idea that I have for Mental Health?
Why do people suffer from depression?
The recent news says that "Instagram is worst social media for young mental health". What's your honest opinion on this?
Koko sounds like Quora for mental health. How is it different?
Can a diagnosed sociopath or psychopath become a social worker/therapist/psychologist?
Can a person be cured of PTSD?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have different personality disorders in each of his personalities?
Can depression cause constant chest discomfort?
Do sociopaths also have a paranoid personality disorder?
Why would someone admit to another that they have been diagnosed with NPD?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
What are the differences between having a very anxious-preoccupied attachment style and suffering from BPD?
I am depressed because my single mother keeps yelling at me all the time. What should I do?
What are some psychiatric lies?
What's the best way to ease the feeling of someone in anxiety or depression?
Is it normal for a therapist to look concerned when a client has a drastic personality change?
There is a sense of depression and you don't know the reason behind it. What do you do?
Is there a disorder/disease or mental illness where you are happy one day and totally unmotivated the next?
I think I am depressed. What can I do?
What do you think of Onision's video "10+ Signs You're A Psychopath"?
What is OCD and how to treat it?
Do psychopaths have anything to compensate for their lack of emotions?
Is the feeling of being 'possessed' (not being able to control ones thoughts/feelings) a symptom of dissociative identity disorder or something else?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
What should I tell to the counselor about my depression?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
How can you beat depression without the help of others?
Where can I find more information on a psychological therapy method called "rescue therapy"?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Why does isolation drive someone insane?
Do malignant narcissists hoover after discarding you?
After recovering from depression, how do I regain the full cognitive ability and strength I once had?
A lady has periodic mental phases. She speaks a lot during that and is very nonsensical and turns religious. What can the problem be?
Why did Hannah commit suicide?
What have been the most helpful words or deeds in helping you to overcome mental problems?
Can reactive depression turn or evolve into clinical depression?
How do anti-depression pills work in our bodies?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths still like Hannibal, regardless of the wrong prescription of a psychopath?
Is pain physically real or mentally?
What would a psychopath’s "world" be like if he/she didn't have to conform to ours?
Does sleep affect mental health?
In the UK, what is the legal/medical term for a high functioning psychopath or someone who has those traits?
How can we get longterm relief from depression without medication?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
What are third wave behavior therapies?
Is there a definitive point in time where we can say Hitler went from sane to insane?
How can I prevent acute stress disorder?
How long does euthymia last in bipolar disorder?
What is the one word for physically present in one place and mentally somewhere else?
How come I have had major hallucinations from Zoloft after two days?
What are some hobbies that are both physically and mentally engaging?
What is the difference between an INFP-T and an INFP-A that has bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or both?
What is the difference between delusional disorders and psychosis due to drug abuse and sleep deprivation?
Is there any type of OCD that happens only when you are on the internet (let’s say an internet sub-type of OCD)?
How can I live even though I am old and ugly and depressed?
What role can technology play in helping people who suffer from depression?
What's the difference between sociopaths, psychopaths, narcissists, and a Machiavellian?
How do you perceive people with BPD?
What is it like to be in a relationship with a bipolar person?
Love is a mental illness that destroys the mind. How can it be cured?
Can constant depression and stress lead to heart attack?
Why do you think many people do not seek help for anxiety problems?
Did anyone with BPD get told they were just being teens when they knew that they did have BPD?
Is it possible to develop psychopathic traits as a response to your environment?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
What “reasonable adjustments” can my occupational health report make?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
What should I do to keep myself from having more depression break downs?
When it comes to prescribed medications to treat mental illness, what is the difference between being dependant and being addicted?
What type of paranoia commonly occurs in bipolar disorder?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What makes you get over depression faster?
Every single test I took online says that I have severe depression. I don't want to take any meds due to the side effects. How do I explain this to my doctor?
How can I help my struggling classmate?
Is Sigmund Freuds' dream interpretation still relevant in modern psychology and determining causes for mental illness?
What do people say who come out from depression?
What recent innovations have been made in the way psychologists think about and treat depression?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager forever and improve my life?
What can I do to stop anxiety while driving?
Can untreated OCD lead to schizophrenia?
How are you coping with your bipolar and are you getting good help?
How can I get my mind out of this deep cycle of anxiety and panic feeling?
Is it common for the partner of someone with BPD to lose their social life, abuse alcohol, & feel dependent on their BPD partner?
Is it any better or worse for recovery to try and resist the symptoms of drug-induced movement disorders?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
Do I have anxiety disorder when I told my mom I was ill so I didn't have to go to school since I would've been late and I would be stared at in class?
Is social anxiety a mental disorder or a mindset?
May is Mental Health Month, so why place a label on people? Why is there such a stigma?
Where can I find the solution to psychological problems?
How many of you have thought of committing suicide, and why? And what stopped you from going ahead?
Do separations in life affect the risk of developing schizophrenia?
What’s it like to be a narcissist?
Is drinking a sign of depression?
Does depression and mental illness affect growth in height?
How do I, as a clinically depressed person, get through to my narcissistic brother, who is coming to visit? He has no clue how stressful it will be for me.
What are some behaviours that you're most ashamed of when you were in a borderline personality "episode"?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
How does it feel to fail AIPMT/NEET for the fourth time? I feel very depressed.
Does the narcissist ever forgive?
How can I find out whether I'm disturbed or depressed?
From any TV show, which characters do you believe have psychological disorders and why?
Is It possible for someone whos been diagnosed with bipolar to also have NPD?
Is there a thing as being too ugly to make friends?
Does staying in a mental hospital affect my reputation/record? How could that affect my future?
What are the common symptoms of intermittent explosive disorder?
Why do happy people tend to refuse medication when falling ill?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Why do people have a cheap mentality?
Have you been peed upon by somebody else?
What is psychological abuse?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
Does jealousy cause paranoia or does paranoia cause jealousy?
Who experiences euthymic/stable state longer? Schizophrenics or people with bipolar disorder?
At what age do most humans begin losing their mental faculties?
What's the difference between psychotic paranoia and true paranoia?
What do I do to identify what type of narcissistic disorder I have?
How can you start to rebuild your life (particularly around relationships) after a long period of depression?
What are some key differences between different severities of ADHD? Mild-moderate-severe?
What should I do if the stupidity of my mother drives me insane?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
How can those who have mental disorders understand spirituality?
What are some tips to cope with social anxiety?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Can a sociopath be calm and avoid anger problems?
Why do people pity those who self-harm, but not those who harm others?
Sometimes in our lives we get depressed. What are the different reasons for depression?
How many different types of narcissism are there and what are they?
Why are more and more people affected by stress, anxiety, and depression, compared to the past and previous generations?
I've been depressed for 3 years now. I'm considering suicide. What should I do?
How does it sound to have a professional guide to work you through any health problem you may have, or any health achievment you may want to reach?
How would a person with Aspergers react to a sociopath stare?
I am depressed at school, what can I do?
Is writing to relieve OCD related anxiety counterproductive in this case?
Who thinks that Alexis Ren has an eating disorder?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Is there any new type of mental illness that has been discovered in the last 25 years?
I got multiple 94–100% scores on tests to help assess if someone is a psychopath or not. What should I do?
Are mental disorders more than just behavior habits?
What kind of personality do you have to have to stay with a narcissist?
If someone told a therapist that they had been spoken to by god, how would they be diagnosed?
Can you help a psychopath?
What effect may a FTM transition have on my friend's anxiety, depression, and gender dysphoria?
Do female psychopaths exist?
Is it normal to feel mentally sick?
Is there any part of psychopathy that psychopaths would change? If they were reborn, would they choose to be a psychopath or neurotypical?
I've been sent to be assessed by a mental health team for anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy sub, what do I do?
What would happen if I stopped taking all my bipolar medicines?
Do we have an online bipolar help?
Does masturbation hampers our mental power?
How do I test for bipolar depression symptoms?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
Will somebody please shout out 3 awesome things about anyone you know with BPD? Can't we be good parents & friends, too? Can our loyalty be duly noted?
What are the implications of psychotherapy?
What is the similarities between God and psychopath/sociopath/narcissistic?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder ever feel remorse?
What are some daily things you can do that make you mentally stronger?
Is defining mental heath culturally significant?
How long does it take to recover from years on psychiatric drugs?
What do you do if someone threatens to commit suicide?
Which is your best experience with or as a psychologist?
How are the different types of mental disorders treated?
Are more people depressed than ever or am I incorrectly perceiving the world that way due to myself being so depressed?
Learning how to program is making me depressed, why?
How can I get out of depression when it feels like nothing matters anymore and that no one actually cares?
Does Will Graham from NBC's Hannibal fit the criteria for BPD?
What are meditation techniques used to overcome anxiety?
Can a narcissist use doing good to others to get his supply?
What causes mental decompensation?
I suffer from depression. Should I just give up?
Do psychopaths understand irony?
How can I tell if I suffer with BPD rather than just a preoccupied attachment style?
How will they diagnose dissociative identity disorder professionally? Do they run any machines or do they just ask questions and provide surveys?
Did the person who killed John Lennon have any mental illness?
Why do I get so anxious when someone laughs at me?
Does a sociopath or psychopath's face truly morph when they transfer into one of their other personalities?
If I call 911 saying I am going insane, how long will I be in a mental hospital if I tell them I will hurt myself if they let me go?
Do therapists recommended different clothing to their patients?
Do anxiety/depression and sleep deprivation have the same side effects as weed?
Why doesn't the psychology community recognize psychopathy as different to ASDP?
How does an affected person define depression?
What are the chances of me getting bipolar disorder since my birth mom has it, and is there a way I can make my chances lower?
How does a psychiatrist choose between diagnosing a patient with NPD versus a diagnosis as a sociopath?
Do you think psychopaths use Quora to refine their masks and if so why? If they allowed themselves free reign would law-abiding psychopaths kill?
What should I do to get rid of loneliness? How can I learn to control it mentally?
What do I do when I'm ugly and want to commit suicide?
Why are so many people on Quora depressed?
What medications are prescribed when a person suffers from PTSD and severe anxiety?
Do I have to accept the fact that I'm never going to overcome depression?
What will happen to me mentally and physically if I continue to suppress my negative emotions?
How do you explain that depression is a feeling, directed by brain chemistry, that doesn't go away no matter what action is taken?
Why do I get filled with negativity on certain days/times of the week?
Can someone with social anxiety become a psychologist?
Why do some people tend to attract people with personality disorders into their life?
What were you depressed about?
What would earn a psychopath's unstoppable vengeance against you?
What is the best thing I can do to ease the feeling of people with depression or anxiety?
Does anyone find it ironic that Congresswoman Waters continues to say that a lot of conservatives have real mental problems?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
What is homosexual obsessive compulsive disorder (HOCD)?
Is there any help I can get regarding my mental health for free in Delhi?
Are there any good psychotherapists in Delhi?
How can I cope with day and night bruxism due to anxiety and stress until I can see a doctor about it?
What can a nurse do for psychiatric patients?
Can you make yourself manic?
Can a child be a psychopath?
What is some advice for someone with BPD who is trying to recover?
Is there anyway to find out if I am mentally weak?
Why mental health matters to global health?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Is Sense8 about something that is kind of like DID (dissociative identity disorder), but in reverse?
Is 'compulsive lying' a medical disorder?
What are the best therapy protocol to treat anxiety?
What do psychopaths think about Adolf Hitler?
Can overthinking past mistakes turn you into a depressed person?
How does a psychopath feel during a depression?
How does it feels like to suffer from "aunty shaming" in India?
Was depression a major issue for you before you came out to your family?
What is the best time table or daily routine for maintaining mental and physical health for a family person?
Is a person who hears voices and thinks others are spying on them likely to commit suicide eventually?
Why do you feel the need to glorify your mental disorders as if it's something to boast and brag about?
What can I do when neither therapy nor medication have helped my depression?
I live in the UK. If I get diagnosed with depression, will I get signed off work?
Does Luvox treat depression?
What lifestyle changes should I make to cope with anxiety?
What is your trauma?
What actions would get you instantly in a mental home?
How can I control distractions which I encounter during depression or overloaded happiness?
Can poverty be related to psychological disorder? (In any possible way)?
Isn’t it inevitable that people will scream or shout out at others, to reduce their mental stress?
Can sodium nitroprusside be used safely in the routine treatment of schizophrenia?
How successful would a matchmaking algorithm that would pair people up with similar mental characteristics and uniform choices?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
Does criticism become less painful for someone with BPD when they make progress in their disorder?
How do I tell this girl at school that vaccines don't cause the illnesses that they're supposed to prevent?
What is a sociopathic child like?
Is there another difference between bipolar type 1 and type 2 besides the severity of the two disorders?
Should I work on vulnerability, trust, anxiety and depression with an emotionally focused therapist or an IFS/EMDR therapist?
Does being diagnosed with a mental disorder as a teenager affect the chance of becoming an astronaut?
What is the best way to relax mentally in preparation for an exam?
Do covert narcissists really think THEY are the ones being subjected to toxic, gaslighting, crazy making people or do they know they are projecting?
Should I keep gaming if it makes me depressed but independent as a teen?
How do people who suffer from borderline personality disorder and narcissism at the same time differ from people who suffer from borderline only?
Do all people with borderline suffer from a depression?
How can I transform myself to become my greatest version physically and mentally?
Is eating only once a day a sign of an eating disorder?
Are there people of the 'too lazy to commit suicide' variety?
What is mental decompensation, and how do you deal with it?
Am I a psychopath if I have the actual urge to kill someone?
What is the best way to put a narcissist in his place?
Why are narcissists untrustworthy?
Can you go insane from an internet video?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorders murder?
Did Kierkegaard have obsessive compulsive disorder?
Is it possible to have PTSD from something that was not sexual abuse or a physical threat?
How can I help my partner understand my depression and anxiety?
What is the difference between being lonely or depressed? How can one know?
Is this PTSD or self obsession? I am a survivor of CSA and can't stop the events and details of the abuse from playing in my head.
Without having a mental illness, what are other reasons a person might experience "voices"?
How do the different types of mental disorders affect people?
Why does clinical depression happen?
How long should it take (roughly) for your therapist to give you a diagnosis?
Do psychotherapists provide the same legal provision for client confidentiality as lawyers do?
Would a lo- functioning psychopath murder you if you attempted to take revenge against them?
How do teens with BPD act usually?
I feel like hypomanic when only listening to music. Does this mean I'm bipolar and/or manic?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
What do you mean by psychotherapy?
What are the specific behaviors you consider to diagnose BPD?
How do I overcome my glossophobia (speech anxiety)?
Is Neurofeedback (to treat anxiety) safe?
Since learning about people with PD/NPD, why am I still having a hard time understanding that everything I thought I knew about my ex was a lie?
What circumstances makes someone go to a mental health professional to then be diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
What symptoms does a person with Pellagra have?
Has anyone been at the brink of sanity? How did you find your way out?
What disorder (mental) would make a person show no facial expressions?
Does stable/euthymic state lasts longer in schizophrenia or bipolar disorder?
Is looking in the mirror a lot at yourself a sign of bipolar mania? Is it just like narcissism, or is it both narcissism and mania?
Why do I keep having thoughts of suicide although I am perfectly right in the head (no depression, bipolar disorder, etc)?
A guy has developed OCD and depression due to years of bullying in school and college. Can he ever stop taking OCD medication and lead a normal life?
Why do people suffering depression push other people away?
Is it possible to engage in eating disorder behaviors with without actually having one?
When dealing with suicidal thoughts or depression, did any online suicide prevention/support services help you? If so, which ones?
Why does my natural anxiety get in the way of my acting career?
What if a depressed person refuses to consult a doctor and refuses medication?
Would some jobs be forbidden for me if I would go to a therapist who might diagnose ASPD on me?
Do I have Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
Can one prevent mental aging and the mental decline that comes with it?
I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow about whether I have depression what do I say?
How can I deal with stress, depression and boredom?
I've been having some anxiety issues since last year though I don't think I need to consult a doctor for this. How can I get over this?
3 years ago, I ended an abusive relationship. At times, I still have PTSD symptoms. Is it normal, and will it ever go away on its own?
I'm 25 and I keep thinking about the past a lot. It makes me depressed. How do I put it to rest and move forward?
I suspect my girlfriend has BPD. I accidentally mentioned that I wanted a break up, but we didn't. She's ignoring me, now. What should I do?
How does a person stop being a compulsive liar?
Why am I feeling anxiety about a kiss I did not consent to?
How can I work while being depressed?
How can I convince my parents I am not depressed or self harming?
Is high functioning depression real? Where can I get professional information online?
Does artificial intelligence affect our mental growth in a negative way?
Are mental illnesses solely subjective judgements by our professionals? Or are there bio markers?
What do you do when a therapist asks you to do an assignment, but you can't do it? Am I failing therapy?
Would a sociopath make a great psychologist?
Why do I self harm?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
Why would one be so active, enthusiastic, overthink constantly, and be unable to sleep for more than 5 hours?
Do psychopaths ever experience uncontrollable laughter?
What are the reasons of someone with BPD getting fired from work?
Whenever life gets normal, I begin getting depressed again. How do you think I can prevent that or reduce the feeling?
What is bipolar? How does it feel? Because I’m not sure if I suffer from it.
Do people abuse drugs and alcohol, or do drugs and alcohol abuse people?
I have a feeling that people are criticizing me in their heads. Is it paranoia or social anxiety?
What is your advice on the balance between knowledge and experience?
How common is the somatization disorder?
What is the worst thing that could come from intense anxiety?
Can I go to new psychiatrist if I've just filled a prescription, but am not happy with my old doctor's diagnosis?
Why are drama teachers so insane?
How we can reduce suicide while under depression?
Is Onision a psychopath?
Can you have bipolar and borderline personality disorder?
How do I cope with loneliness, homesickness, depression when studying abroad?
How come my mother displayed narcissistic behavior to my husband and not to other people?
Do people with bipolar disorder during grandiose state behave like they know it all just like narcissists?
Is it true that people suffering from personality disorders like psychopathy and narcissism have a high tolerance for physical pain?
How can I recover from the depression of failure in my educational career upon graduation?
Does Ayahuasca cure anxiety?
What exactly is eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), and how likely is it to help with PTSD?
Is there any psychotherapist online for counselling? Who is the best?
How is sex like with a bipolar person?
Did you struggle with depression as a teenager? Do you feel you still battle it as an adult?
What is the significance of the exposure therapy when treating phobias?
Is creativity more common among bipolar 1 disorder or bipolar 2 disorder?
Are you really co-dependent or did you end up in a co-dependent relationship with a borderline without realizing it?
Can someone be asocial, shy and introverted and not have schizoid personality disorder?
I am 100% sure that I have ASPD, I want to go to a therapist but I don't want my mother to know, what should I do?
Is CBT useful for high-functioning autistics in late teens? This is about a boy in his late teens. Problematic social behaviours sexual in nature.
Why are students committing suicides, and who, if anyone, is responsible?
Has anyone actually overcome depression and suicidal feelings?
What are alternatives when therapy exacerbates rather than mitigates?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
I feel very depressed and useless. How do I prevent suicide?
Why do people on Quora expand their answers and stretch it outside the box, Even though this isn't an "essay competition"?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
Do you have any recommendations for counseling or therapy in Michigan, USA?
How does Phenergan treat anxiety?
Is tardive dyskinesia reversible?
What is the difference between a syndrome and a disease?
What are the different types of mental disorders?
Do psychopaths ever have such a convincing mask that they even convince themselves?
How do I get away from depression? I just came out of a depression but now once again it has hit me.
How do you know if you are a high functioning autistic?
A therapist withdrew from my BPD child, and now my child hates me. Why?
Why is talking to self considered insane?
What is the worst chronic disease to have? I think it's depression or anxiety. I have and have had many other serious illnesses.
What are some ways to not let others disturb our mental peace?
Is it hard to adjust to "the real world" if someone with a narcissistic personality disorder has recently recovered from the disorder?
What is victim mentality and how can one get over it?
How do I approach or set up an appointment for bipolar disorder? I was diagnosed in 2013, but I never continued treatment.
How do I overcome depression due to delay in getting pregnant?
What are alternatives to lorazepam to treat an anxiety disorder?
Would you date someone who tried to commit suicide in their past?
How will I tell my parents that I am sad or nearly depressed and I seek counseling?
How do you deal with a sociopathic grandmother?
How would someone self harm in the summer?
Why am I so addicted to procrastination?
What do you do when you feel really blue and depressed?
What is the solution if a depressed person refuses to consult doctor and the person is harming the family?
How old do I have to be to get diagnosed with ASPD?
How would a psychopath with less of the wiring act?
Do you believe it is better for a client to plan what to discuss in a psychotherapy session or just allow things to "naturally" unfold?
Can you sue someone if their stalking caused you to go psychotic?
I have been having panic attacks since my breakup, will they ever stop?
Will I ever stop being so anxious?
Is it possible to recover from a 12-year experience of being heavy bullied at school from a large number of people (including some teachers)?
Is depression a genetic disease, or is it affected or triggered by environment?
Do people with personality disorders often use words like "always" or "never"?
Is it normal for anxiety sufferers to doubt their feelings for their partners in new relationships? I'm a long-time anxiety sufferer.
How do you know if you're a sociopath or just an ENTP with low empathy?
What neurotypical behaviors are most puzzling to psychopaths?
What are my options for chronic pain that just won't go away using regular pain meds? It's making my depression and anxiety worse.
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Why is the number of people being treated for mental illnesses still rapidly increasing if the most common treatments (therapy & drugs) are effective?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
Should I self-harm aloud to force people to like me?
Whenever I return to my hometown for any length of time, I become overcome with depression. Is this a common phenomenon?
How do makers of apps & digital services for people with depression design to keep those depressed people from simply retreating into the technology?
Would someone with the ability to vividly dream & remember most of it to the point it uses most of their actual life away be considered mentally ill?
Why am I usually depressed during most of the day and feel much better in the evenings?
What is the relationship between synchronicity and personality disorders, like BPD?
Is Pranic Healing effective in curing social anxiety?
Will Psychopaths fake other personality disorders to confuse their victims?
What sorts of thoughts run through your mind when you see a mentally disabled person?
How do you deal with anxiety/constantly not feeling good enough?
How can I explain to people about my mental illness when I don't seem "crazy" to other people most of the time?
What are my options if I can't afford a psychological evaluation?
How long does paranoia last in a bipolar disorder?
Can a bad childhood cause adult survivors to lie excessively and uncontrollably? Is it a mental disorder or just plain human nature?
What should be done when a person is mentally drained out and they are not getting enough care from their family?
How can I overcome my depression?
Is it "attention seeking" and "conceited" (in a way) to accept/sometimes say that I have a mental disorder?
After the discard stage, do narcissists treat their victims as if they were the narcissist?
Over the past couple of years, I have become dependent on looking at screens. What has happened to me?
Can depression make someone a criminal?
I am getting depressed due to my parents. They treat me so badly. What should I do?
What are the traits/characteristics of a mentally, psychologically healthy/balanced/strong person?
How bad is Japan’s Princess Masako's "adjustment disorder" illness affecting her life & personality?
Are there any treatment centres that specialise in addiction and borderline personality disorder comorbidity?
What are some characteristics of the different types of paranoid personality disorder?
Should I tell my parents that I smoke so they can support me in the quitting process?
Does seeing a therapist and taking antidepressants help depression and anxiety?
Are Avoidant Personality Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome possibly be both present?
I graduated from high school. What do I do now?
Dear psychopaths/sociopaths, do you think it's possible to feel and simultaneously be "completely" logical?
As an unemployee, how do you overcome the mental pressure?
When are you tempted to stop taking your psychiatric medications in order to feel more brilliant?
How do you treat addictive personality disorder?
Why are members of ISIS not in mental hospitals or prison?
Have people completely recovered after depression?
This world is conditional, and we are only wanted if we are useful, so how can someone be labeled as "depressed," when it makes sense to feel down about life?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
How do psychopaths and people with ASPD deal with boredom?
What do people who are unable to work (due to illness) do to fill their days?
What will psychopaths do to someone who succeeded to make them blind, lose both of their hands and legs and let them live that way?
What are some useful lists to commit to memory for mental/speed math?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
My husband is having mental problems, where can I get a good doctor to cure him?
Who is qualified to treat depression, and how is it treated?
How can one expose a likely malignant narcissist to authorities and other trained professionals when children are on the line?
The DSM. What good or bad has it done for mental health progress?
What mental illnesses does David Wood suffer from?
How many people reading this have been diagnosed with a Primary Immunodeficiency?
If I call 911 and tell them I am going insane and going to kill myself, will I have to speak to my parents before going to a hospital?
How would a psychopath react to a killer clown with a machete walking up to him/her?
Why are my coping mechanisms regressing?
Is it ridiculous if an adult gets relieved from anger and despair by self-harm?
Is it possible to experience anxiety and depression if you are an atheist?
Why should I live if mental illness ruined my life?
Why do people have split personality?
What's the best way to help someone with dissociative identity disorder without making it worse for that individual?
Knowing that fear is a mental state, how can we definitively suppress/overcome it?
What are some learning strategies for veteran students with TBI and PTSD?
Is there something I can read or watch that will help when I'm having a panic attack?
How do I deal with my daughter who has narcissistic personality disorder?
What are some of your experiences as a gay man with borderline personality traits?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
How does PTSD affect tenants in the home?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
Have you heard of a propofol pill used to help with trauma and PTSD from narcissistic abuse?
How can you convince your parents to get you diagnosed as a psychopath/sociopath?
What narcissistic trait do BDP men have?
I'm only fourteen, and I think I'm depressed. What do I do?
How do you deal with the fact that you might be a sociopath?
Am I a sociopath? How do I know for sure?
Why does love feel like I didn't take my anxiety meds?
Does the television series “13 Reasons Why” glorify suicide?
What are the ayahuasca health requirements?
Which practice management software packages do psychotherapists/psychologists use, and what do they think of them?
Why does depression lead to doing more drugs?
How can we tell if a client is suffering from BPD rather than being extremely anxious-preoccupied?
What can I do to convince my 42-year-old BPD mom to seek treatment?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
What is the difference between emetophobia and OCD?
Would a covert narcissist ever give up finding supply because he feels he ruins people's lives?
What do you do when you're in the depressive state of BPD?
What do I do if I can no longer parent my 16 year old?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
Hi I am really worried. I suffer from anxiety and OCD. And I suffer from repetitive blasphemes thoughts. I am a christian. i have Thoughts like the unpardonable  sin. Now the thing that worries me is that say I get baptized in the Holy Spirit and I try to speak in tongues. But I can't speak In tongues. Is it possible that I committed the unpardonable sin because I can't speak In Tongues after I was baptized by the Holy Spirit? I have these thoughts about the unpardonable sin like almost every day. I don't want to have these thoughts.
Are there any chemistry based or other objective tests for mental illnesses?
Is mental health an issue among Christians in America?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
Is there any renowned economist with ADHD/ADD?
Is it legal to refuse to sell a gun to someone who looks mentally ill?
Are 'psychosomatic' issues a medically accepted condition? If so, how does it work? What is the frequency of occurrences? Are the symptoms real?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
What are some examples of sociopathic tendencies?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
Should I seek mental help?
I form patterns and if I can't cope with them, I feel stressful. Is it some disorder?
Why does rain make me depressed? How do I get over it?
My parents are never going to accept the fact that I'm in severe depression who needs a treatment. What should I do?
How common is the feeling of guilt for someone who has bipolar disorder?
How would you explain how it feels to not have a personality disorder to someone with a class B personality disorder?
If schizophrenia is a condition and not an illness, why can’t it be cured and not just managed?
I have a felony record, I suffer from bipolar, and I'm 20, can I save the world?
Can mapping the human connectome lead to a concrete understanding of mental illness?
What is the best actionable advice for someone who is struggling with depression?
How do I handle depression and suicidal thoughts during pregnancy as a single mother?
What's the end of depression?
Can someone die from depression alone?
What would happen if I was misdiagnosed as bipolar and took Seroquel for 3 nights (50m, 50mg, and 100mg) for this condition and for insomnia?
Can someone become a sociopath without being molested?
Is numbness a sign of mania?
What would happen if everyone fell into a deep depression?
Have you ever wished for depression? Why or why not?
Is mental illness an actual physical illness, or is it merely abstract?
Will a full psychological test reveal a very suave covert narcissist's condition?
How does it feel when some people demonize people who are diagnosed with NPD so cruelly?
Centering on medical studies, are psychopaths born “as psychopaths” or is there always a contributing factor?
How do people with borderline personality disorder prevent themselves from crying?
Do people with borderline personality disorder get very jealous?
I always find myself either wanting things to be perfect or not wanting anything at all. This gets me depressed. What should I do?
Do psychopaths enjoy bestiality?
How did psychopaths react to having a child?
How can I cope with depression/manic bipolar episodes without seeing a shrink (I can't afford Obama Care)?
Is Abbas Naderi a psychopath?
What is the relationship between being a talented artist and depression?
I have bipolar II disorder. Does anyone have any coping advice? I do see a therapist regularly but I'm afraid of meds & therapy can be uncomfortable.
What percent of people who struggle with anxiety/depression as adults came from an abusive childhood, and why do you think that is?
How can I treat my obsessive love disorder?
Why does it happen that I fight with depression for a long time and feel happy for a short period of time and again get depressed? Why is the cycle repeating?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
Can people with NPD be cured or is there a treatment?
What should a boy do if he is suffering from a mobile addiction?
Are young people committing suicide in North America in higher numbers or are we just hearing about it more?
What causes mental weakness?
Is this depression or anxiety I always feel restless and feel like crying?
What are the ways to overcome depression after failing consecutive exams even after working hard for it?
Is it common for people with borderline personality disorder to be brutally honest even when it does them harm?
Can not eating be a symptom of mania/hypomania?
Why hasn't my mother been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
Why do those with BPD blame others?
At what age can someone be clinically diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder?
Gaming makes me depressed as a teen. Should I stop gaming?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
Why does my social anxiety go away when I speak another language?
What is the meaning of an obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD)?
Has BPD just singled out those to whom they are close?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
How do I know if my dysphagia is a sign of a physical or a mental problem?
What is the best cure for 'Performance anxiety'?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
I am suffering from emphysema. Can I go to Dharamshala for studies?
Are people on the dark web more likely to have some kind of disorder?
If psychological illnesses are fake, would this be a plausible alternative?
Is there an herb for hearing voices?
What is the savest and "easiest" way to commit suicide?
What would be safe to take for ADD, anxiety, focus and depression?
What can you do if you are scared of what to do when graduating/what to study, of getting depressed in post-secondary, and/or other fears?
How can I get over stress and depression?
Do people with BPD ‘love bomb’ like narcissists?
What are the effects of over-protective parents on a child’s mental health?
What kind of therapy would you suggest when recovering from the trauma of a BPD/NPD relationship?
How do I get better grades in high school and stop being depressed about them?
What are the common traits of people who have suffered from emotional trauma?
What is the scope for speech therapy?
Should a child born with a deformity (either mental or physical, or both) have the right to live in an already overpopulated world?
Why do I zone out so often and is it a cause for worry?
I have a powerful urge to jump off my balcony. I'm not suicidal but the urge is so powerful, that it makes me panic. What is wrong with me?
Does having unwanted suicidal thoughts put me in danger?
Should I see a therapist for occasional depression/grief and insecurity in relationships?
Just how mentally ill do psychologists and therapists believe Trump to be?
What kind of qualities do you see in psychopaths or sociopaths that you wish you had?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
How can I convince my parents to go to a therapist without telling them that I think I’m bipolar?
How do I tell my parents that they need to see a marriage counselor or some other form of therapist/psychologist?
What goes wrong in early childhood development that could cause narcissistic personality disorder?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
How do you warn someone, who is a decent human being, that they’re involved with a narcissist?
Am I mentally strong if I always hold my tears in front of other people?
How do I stop letting anxiety and stress ruin my life?
What are some of the best stories about schizophrenia?
What's the difference between cyclothymia and bipolar disorder?
Could I have mold poisoning without "allergy symptoms"? I have severe anxiety and brain fog and mildly elevated liver enzymes. How can I get tested?
How do I beat exam stress?
Can you get your looks back after depression?
Is the teenage depression hotline effective?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Is there anyone who took PCM by choice, but got depressed in 12th due to consistent falldowns?
How did you realise you have bipolar disorder and how did you feel?
Being a victim of a Vyapam scandal is driving me crazy; I'm frustrated and depressed. I'm 23 and I have no degree. What should I do?
From an atheist perspective, can we consider religious practices as a mental disorder?
How do you lull a psychopath to sleep?
How long does an average bipolar episode last?
Why do highly intelligent people often suffer from mental illnesses?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
I am 30 years old. I am suffering from pure OCD. I just have obsessions and rare compulsions. I tried medicines, yoga, but nothing’s helping. What do I do?
What is going on inside a stalker's head?
What are some common traits that people confuse between psychopaths and sociopaths?
If mental illness is a result of cerebral chemical imbalances, why aren't diagnoses done by neuroimaging conjuncted with psychological evaluation?
Can a person have both bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder at same time?
What are the ways to get out of stress and depression?
Should bipolar disorder sufferers seek stability and routine above all else?
If someone killed a person in a psychopath’s inner circle, would the psychopath kill them, if given the chance? Or would he simply let the authorities handle it?
Do psychopaths ever feel smug? If so, when?
Whom do we call mentally retarded?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
How can people with borderline personality disorder handle the death of a loved one?
If one hears sounds that aren't real and sees imaginary people, is he mentally ill or is he experiencing some supernatural powers?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
How do I get therapy without my parents finding out in India?
I have been having suicidal thoughts and intents for a while now. Should I just ignore this? If I had access to ways to successfully do it I would.
Can we heal a depressed person with reiki?
A girl with signs of mental illness is accusing me of battery. What can I do?
Has anyone went to therapy thinking they have a mental illness and were really suffering, then found out they are fine and just exaggerating?
What keeps suicidal people going?
Is grandiosity a symptom of psychosis?
Is it possible that Hitler had PTSD?
Which Naruto characters are sociopaths?
How can I get excited when I need to stay calm in order to prevent triggering anxiety?
Why do I get depressed when I'm on the Internet for a long time?
Are narcissists delusional and mentally unstable?
How can I break out of a mental loop?
How do you deal with anxiety and being ridiculed because you are trans?
Am I actually depressed? How should I seek help?
Scary thoughts are not letting me sleep. I have anxiety. How do I overcome irrational and scary thoughts?
How do you handle stress when you have clinical anxiety?
What is the worst social media for young people's mental well being?
Is anxiety linked to baldness?
How do people who suffer from multiple personality disorder, manage their daily life?
What does being 27% neurotypical entail for an individual?
How can I cope with the fact that there are insane people out there?
Why do people in India neglect mental health and visiting a psychiatrist is considered more of a taboo?
What if I diagnosed my partner as a narcissit wrongly?
Why is it that a large percentage of people that commit suicide, do it by hanging themselves? It seems there are a lot better options.
How does one cope with stress in law school?
Does someone on antidepressants behave like a mental person?
Why can't I stop an obsession with someone, why won't my mind move on if I already have physically? Is this an uncontrollable mental illness?
Why are schizoids (schizoid personality disorder) so weird?
How do you prevent mental decompensation?
What's the best way to get someone with borderline personality disorder (BPD) into treatment or Dialectical Behavior Therapy when they don't believe they have a problem in the first place?
Why do I feel anxious about a kiss?
Do gadgets help in overcoming depression? If so what apps/games you suggest?
Is Dota 2 a fun and addicting game that can keep me restrained from thinking about depression?
Is there at least one atheist or agnostic psychotherapist, counselor, psychiatrist, or other mental health professional working in Nairobi?
Why do we get distracted and become depressed while studying?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, what is the best method to help him change his mind?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
How do I know whether my forgetfulness, restlessness and inability to pay attention is due to depression or ADHD?
Are the symptoms of bipolar caused from circumstances in life? E.g., is mania just a result of happy circumstances and depression from sad circumstances?
Psychopaths, does it affect you that sometimes your actions and your involvement change an outcome of a situation?
How do narcissists know to select people who cannot defend their personal boundaries?
Will a separation from your parents help you to get over depression?
How many people suffer from mild depression globally?
Do we have any responsibility towards depressive people, and how do we fulfill this?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
How can I get over my severe social anxiety enough to not mess up every relationship I have before they even have a chance to be something?
Is psychopathy our default setting?
Can an autistic person become a sociopath?
How do I write an appeal letter to get into the Army Reserves when failing on the medical for recurrent depression (very mild)?
How far are we from finding a cure for the mental disorder known as atheism?
What are ways to suppress depression, without taking drugs?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
Do psychopaths use pets as implements for their masks?
Can anxiety disorder cause EKG/ECG abnormalities?
What sort of mental issues does Trevor Phillips from GTA V suffer from?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What're the best ways to avoid a psychological disturbance?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
How often on average should men have sex to stay mentally healthy?
Is it bad that I resent my mentally ill sister, after she dropped out of two universities, leaving us broke?
What do you think about Waldo Bernasconi and Neo-Reichian analytic psychotherapy, the therapy of five motions? Is it scientific?
Can an autistic person become a therapist?
What makes depression so scary?
How can I cure a dissociative disorder?
Why don't women ask men out?
Does being in a mental hospital benefit the patient?
Can anxiety cause loss of sensation in hands?
Does anxiety always develop into depression?
Is racism a psychological disorder?
Does being underweight and not being hungry have anything to do with an eating disorder? Do I have an eating disorder?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
Does anti-psychotic medication actually cure the problem, or does it just "mask " the illness to make a human seem "normal " in society's eyes?
What's the story behind Spoony's mental health issues?
Do you think that Dr. Amit Gupta is mentally disturbed these days?
What can I do to stop being a schizoid?
Are tactile hallucinations ghosts?
Can one catch schizophrenia from raising a kid with schizophrenia?
How can I hide from others that I'm a psychopath?
How do I become a better person for others and for my own mental health?
Can you be suicidal but not depressed?
Depression and anxiety has driven me to become extremely shy and dumb as well as the development of hyperhidrosis. What should I do?
How effective is SAM-e for treating anxiety?
Is the way Christians relate to suffering different from the way in which people with other belief systems relate to suffering?
Could depression be rooted in lack of gratitude?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
How do people with PTSD concentrate?
Why do my eyes water when I'm nervous?
When does someone start getting anxiety problems? I'm writing a story where the main character is keeping something huge from everyone for 2 months.
Can someone with schizoaffective be originally misdiagnosed with boderline personality disorder?
Can you get depressed after too much pressure?
Do people with bipolar disorder dislike those who can't identify other people?
What I am supposed to say to a clinician if I think I'm in depression?
Is there a personality disorder linked to someone who doesn't believe in romantic love?
How do therapists feel when it turns out the person they had committed to a mental hospital returns worse off than when they entered?
What would be the best way to go about getting diagnosed?
How do I tell my mom I have PTSD?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
Should I go to a therapist and how can I tell my parents?
Is it possible to make a psychopath angry and lash out?
What are the cures for anxiety and depression?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
Are narcissists patient when targeting their victims?
Does unpredictability create disorder, or does disorder create unpredictability (disorder as in entropy)?
Is memory loss common for people who have bipolar disorder in the manic phase?
How common is it for someone with bipolar disorder to have psychosis and paranoia?
Can OCD be treated with medication?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
What is the experience of people having undergone hypnotism for depression?
Can I smoke black and milds with schizoaffective disorder?
Is anxiety normal when switching from Sertraline to Escitalopram?
Why do I want to have a mental/personality disorder?
Why is it so frequent that people with mental illnesses also have severe dental problems?
How do you get a depressed person to talk to you, especially if it's your mother-in-law?
What are good free resources to help someone with borderline personality disorder? And how do you get someone with BPD to get help?
How does a sleep-related eating disorder manifest?
Which books should I read to help get rid of panic attacks?
What is your opinion on labeling someone who has mental disabilities as retarded in a non derogatory way?
How can I treat anxiety and numbness in my face?
Why is it more acceptable to be a psychopath than a schizophrenic?
What does it feel like to lose a child due to an eating disorder?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
Is it a sign of depression to become critical if I'm on a completely different medication than I thought I was? I had to look it up to verify it.
What can I do for my ex who is depressed?
Why is it so difficult to tell someone you think you have depression and/or an eating disorder?
What are some good jobs that people with bipolar disorder can do?
Why do psychopaths stare so intently?
How did you survive the emotional fallout from being manipulated by a malevolent sociopath?
My unemployed dad (former-alcoholic) tries to commit suicide and my mom has anxiety disorder. What can I do in this torturing family?
Can I be denied mental health services in jail?
If you had to pick someone with a mental disorder to become your significant other, what disorder would it be?
Can I become a therapist if I have social anxiety?
Why does my wife incist on me having shaved genitals?
Why am I stressed when there's nothing to be stressed about?
I am so depressed at this moment. What should​ I do?
Are there any realistic TV shows that take place in psychiatric hospitals? If not, why so?
How do I help my sibling find success, deal with 6 years of depression and stop his suicidal thoughts due to a low undergrad GPA?
Has internet made people smart or hopeless mental cripples?
Why are depressed people more realistic?
Why is depression sometimes sexually appealling?
How do I tell if I have depression?
How bad can depression get if it doesn't go away, and I just ignore it?
I'm afraid that someone or something may distract me. It has been developed very much. How uncommon is this phobia? How exactly can this be treated?
Can I recover from a lifetime of abuse? I'm mostly a fun and happy person but have my walls up and can't grieve or react normally to stress /conflict.
Should I see a psychiatrist or someone else?
Why do mentally ill people use the illness as an excuse?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
Does a person suffering from NPD know that they have NPD?
Is hypnotherapy an effective method of dealing with dissociative disorder?
What can I do from here? I'm not exactly depressed. How can I go about finding a spiritual path?
Why do some Asian people not believe in mental illnesses?
Where are some groups for people with bipolar disorder?
Are all psychopaths bullies?
What stops a narcissist carrying out a smear campaign?
Has violence against people with mental illness increased recently in America?
How can we eliminate the mental illness stigma?
How have you managed the mental trauma of being put under Performance Improvement Programme in office?
How are you clinically diagnosed with a mental illness?
While having a group conversation, why do some people fiddle and touch objects around them? Such as with napkins, cutlery etc. Is that social anxiety?
Do psychopaths like people who have ASPD?
As a psychopath/sociopath, if an emotion in your limited emotional range were to get erased, which one would you miss the most?
How do I deal with my 26 year old brother that is immature but also suffers from intense depression?
How do I know that I need medical attention for depression? What are the general symptoms?
I was sexually abused as a child. Has this affected me in ways I am not aware of?
How can I check to see if my mental health is good?
Why did humans develop mentally more than physically?
How do I protect my Mental Health from the trump administration?
How do you, as a bipolar diagnosed, feel that the "disorder" is affecting relationships?
Can an overly childish person who seemingly takes nothing seriously and enjoys the misfortune of others be a sociopath?
How come a narcissist can't apologize or realize they are wrong?
I want do be put in psychiatric hold so someone will finally see I have a problem with depression and maybe bipolar 2. Should I do it? If so how?
How successful can one be in their recovery from schizophrenia if the person is unaware of their mental illness?
What is a temporomandibular disorder?
How do I know if it’s depression or bipolar issues?
What is the most terrifying mental illness one could experience that they are still aware of, that isn't acute schizophrenia?
Can a T.B.I. cause schizophrenia or a psychosis?
Is it common for a therapist to visit mental health professionals themselves?
What are the difference between ASD, ADHD, ADD, OCD and ADHS?
What is the best way to spread the word to the world about narcissistic parents and about the mental & physical torture they bring towards children?
If you have Bipolar Disorder and your thyroid is off, could that trigger a manic episode?
My therapist asked me to get my own bedroom, personalize it, and take a photo of it and bring it to him. Is this professional behavior?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Do people with bipolar disorder find that their creativity decreases or is lost due to the effects of psychiatric medication?
What are the types of panic disorders?
Psychopaths: how did your inner circle find out your diagnosis and how did they react?
I’m 15 and have severe trust issues. Should I talk to a teacher (who has recently been asking if something’s wrong) about my mom being mentally abusive towards me?
What can I do for someone who has depression?
How can I divert my attention from a life problem which causes depression?
Who in a narcissists life is his primary, secondary etc. supply sources?
What is a psychopath with blindsight like?
Why is my therapist sending me birthday messages with hugs and love instead of asking me why I terminated therapy abruptly?
What do psychopaths think about book Psychopath Bible?
What do I do about all of my anxiety?
What can you expect when starting medication for schizophrenia?
Could autism and some other mental health issues be the next stage in evolution?
Can you tell me how mania, the mental illness, can kill you?
Can mild paranoid schizophrenia be prevented, why or why not?
Is there a rehabilitation center in B. M. Institute of Mental Health, Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Is therapy helpful for most people?
Does being on the methadone program cause depression?
What is a functional movement disorder?
How can I tell if I am experiencing genuine kundalini or psychosis/schizophrenia?
Do you tend to feel miserable with having schizoaffective disorder?
Why does Graves' disease cause anxiety?
Can OCD change form during life?
What can I do if I'm trauma bonded with my ex-narcissist?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
What feeling do psychopaths have if someone is threatening to make them blind and cut both of their hands and both of their legs, and the threat is real?
Why don't mentally healthy people have mercy towards people who have mental illnesses?
Are you a different person since depression?
Is it possible to suffer from PTSD after being let go from a job, without warning, after 20 years?
What's the difference between paranoia and persecutory delusions?
Can lack of control of something in life lead to depression?
How do I differentiate between panic attack and a heart problem?
How can I overcome shaking anxiety when getting an eye exam, getting a hair cut, or taking pictures (by another person)?
Is it known what gene(s) could be implicated in antisocial personality disorder and similar disorders?
Do high-functioning psychopaths understand rules and laws and understand why we follow them?
Can bipolar I disorder comorbid with bipolar II disorder?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, should we help him do it, or should we try to change his mind?
Who's worse than a psychopath?
Why do panic attacks keep coming back after years of nothing?
What not to say to a narcissist?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
How can an average person mentally change mind to improve himself?
Should I go to school when my anxiety has flared up?
Why are some people content to remain isolated and unemployed over a long time, even though it makes them mentally ill?
What would you say is the worst thing about being a sociopath/psychopath?
My parents don't believe I'm depressed. What do I do?
How did transgender people survive the mental anguish in centuries past when no medical intervention was available?
What is a natural cure for paranoia?
What should I do about my extreme social anxiety?
How much should you rest in a day?
If the stigma around psychopathy was erased, would psychopaths stop wearing the mask?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
What are the differences between having a very anxious-preoccupied attachment style and suffering from BPD?
Why do SSRIs work on obsessions?
How do I overcome my depression as I am solving 562 despite deserving above 600 in NEET 2017?
There is a sense of depression and you don't know the reason behind it. What do you do?
What clinical evidence is there (if any) linking dehydration and depression?
What do you think of Onision's video "10+ Signs You're A Psychopath"?
What is OCD and how to treat it?
Can narcissists (NPDs) feel affective empathy when they have accomplished their narcissistic supply?
According to some studies, people with bipolar disorder have increased empathic concern. If so, do bipolar narcissists have more empathic abilities?
What would a psychopath’s "world" be like if he/she didn't have to conform to ours?
How does someone personally deal with a sleep-related eating disorder?
What causes mild paranoid schizophrenia?
Do some people commit suicide after their partner dies, especially if there is a gap in the relationship of 10-20 years plus or they cannot be without them?
Are criminally insane and mentally ill people (who haven't committed an offence) sent to the same hospitals?
What brought you to depression, can you talk about it and would you dare to share your story?
What is the difference between an INFP-T and an INFP-A that has bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or both?
How was the LGBT movement converted into a byproduct of genetics, and not a symptom of mental illness?
What happens when you get diagnosed with anti-social personality disorder/psychopathy? What tests are involved, time length, etc.?
Does flat head affect mental ability?
In what way does a teenager suffering from depression act different from others?
What are the side effects of being with a person who has bipolar disorder?
How do I help my suicidal and depressed brother?
What are the dangers of treating schizophrenia without medication?
What's the difference between not throwing your drink can because of social anxiety and holding in your pee during a lecture?
Is Sigmund Freuds' dream interpretation still relevant in modern psychology and determining causes for mental illness?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Today, I found out that my 12-year-old sister started cutting herself off from my mom. How can I help my sister or be useful to her in some way?
Should I do a degree in university if one thought of it makes me depressed?
What do people say who come out from depression?
I am terrified of living. I live in constant dread, fear, anxiety and depression. What can I do?
What does being in a depression feel like? I feel like I am depressed.
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
Do I have anxiety disorder when I told my mom I was ill so I didn't have to go to school since I would've been late and I would be stared at in class?
What should you do if someone is having a nervous breakdown?
How do you think would an ENTP-A and a Narcisst/Sociopath/Psychopath get along?
What is it like to have schizophrenia and PTSD at the same time? Is it even possible?
Do separations in life affect the risk of developing schizophrenia?
Is there a way to just be generally diagnosed with any mental illnesses I may have?
How can I overcome my approach to anxiety and make my brain think faster when starting a conversation?
How does it feel to fail AIPMT/NEET for the fourth time? I feel very depressed.
Does the narcissist ever forgive?
If I'm a sociopath/narcissist, should I go to a therapist or psychiatrist?
Are there any consequences to having mental illness diagnoses in your medical records?
Everyday is a constant battle with depression and suicidal thoughts, I don't feel worthy of life. Should I end it?
How do I cram 2 days before finals and not have panic attacks?
Can I study well if I am suffering from chickenpox?
I am suffering from general anxiety disorder. I am always worried that something terrible is going to happen to me. How can I cure that?
How does it feel when you get out of depression?
Why does it seem that mental health/personality disorders are on the rise?
How did you discover that your crazy partner may have borderline personality disorder?
Who is coping with a mental disorder? How old are you? What is it and how do you cope?
Is having to always be with someone, a sign of BPD?
How can I change my sister’s mentality?
I feel like I'm losing my mind. Does one know when they are on the verge of insanity?
How do I help my boyfriend with his mental illnesses?
How can you start to rebuild your life (particularly around relationships) after a long period of depression?
Is borderline/narcissist silent treatment harder to endure for people with OCD?
How can those who have mental disorders understand spirituality?
How many different types of narcissism are there and what are they?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
What are examples of some common mental illnesses?
Are mental disorders more than just behavior habits?
Can getting raped and molested as a child cause bipolar disorder later in life?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
What kind of personality do you have to have to stay with a narcissist?
My sister is the reason behind my depression and suicide attempts. What should I do?
What are the secret ingredients to building mental strength?
How do I deal with a relationship when the other person has no compassion for me and my depression?
Was Manson psychotic or possessed?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
Psychopaths and sociopaths, how did you react when you were first diagnosed with this "disorder" and what were your first thoughts on it?
How do you know if you are scaring someone if you have a mental illness?
Other than taking melatonin, how can I deal with extreme anxiety?
Learning how to program is making me depressed, why?
How will they diagnose dissociative identity disorder professionally? Do they run any machines or do they just ask questions and provide surveys?
How does a psychologist make a differential diagnosis between NPD and OCPD? Considering the controlling nature of both disorders.
Sometimes when I'm really tired I have insane focus. Why is that?
What should I do to get rid of loneliness? How can I learn to control it mentally?
What do I do when I'm ugly and want to commit suicide?
What is the treatment for mild paranoid schizophrenia?
How likely are schizophrenics to commit suicide?
For someone who is 19 years of age and suffers from Bruxism, is it still possible to repair the damage using natural methods?
Is schizophrenia a mental disability or a mental illness?
Is depersonalization and derealization a type of psychosis?
Is there any good reason to stop using Ecstasy/MDMA?
Is there a specific disability that causes people to develop headaches in crowds?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
Is there any rehabilitation center in Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
What are some strategies to have better resistance to mental abuse?
If you feel the need to see a professional in relation to your mental health, does that mean you don't really need the help to begin with?
Can you make yourself manic?
Why mental health matters to global health?
How do I change my sister's mentality?
What do psychopaths think about Adolf Hitler?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
What are some ways to tell whether someone has mental health issues?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
What lifestyle changes should I make to cope with anxiety?
Will a sociopath act on threats if you provoke them?
Are weird thoughts caused by anxiety and depression?
Do you know a story of a mentally weak/naive person who became strong?
How successful would a matchmaking algorithm that would pair people up with similar mental characteristics and uniform choices?
Would a female psychopath be more likely to be murdered by an abusive male due to her lack of fear?
Do covert narcissists really think THEY are the ones being subjected to toxic, gaslighting, crazy making people or do they know they are projecting?
Am I responsible for my depression?
If a person suffering from multiple personality syndrome developed Alzheimer's, do all the personalities exhibit the same level of impairment?
What is the best way to put a narcissist in his place?
Why are narcissists untrustworthy?
Did Kierkegaard have obsessive compulsive disorder?
Is it possible to have BPD and bipolar disorder?
Is being a counselor a viable career option for someone suffering depression or anxiety?
Would a lo- functioning psychopath murder you if you attempted to take revenge against them?
How competitive are psychopaths?
What are people depressed about?
Why are so many human beings mentally ill?
What are the risks of having anxiety and numbness in my face?
What circumstances makes someone go to a mental health professional to then be diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
What symptoms does a person with Pellagra have?
Was PTSD something that affected Vietnamese veterans?
Is it fair to ask suicidal people to carry on living?
Why do my psychiatric symptoms appear only after noon?
Is it bad that I treat my social anxiety as a human being to help cope with it?
Are there any mental diagnoses that require the victim to be held in an establishment?
Do I have Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
Has suffering from depression changed?
What are some good books on schizoid disorder?
Is it common to not feel loved by a borderline type?
How can I convince my mom to get help for her mental illness?
3 years ago, I ended an abusive relationship. At times, I still have PTSD symptoms. Is it normal, and will it ever go away on its own?
I'm 25 and I keep thinking about the past a lot. It makes me depressed. How do I put it to rest and move forward?
Why would someone smoke to commit suicide?
How do I forget my depression?
How can I live without depression?
How can I convince my parents I am not depressed or self harming?
How does a psychopath behave if s/he doesn't care to wear a mask around people?
Is there any truth to the statement that Psychopaths are incapable of love?
Are there better medications for OCD on the horizon?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
How do I deal with anxiety without running from it?
Is psychosis, paranoia and persecutory delusions more common among bipolar I or bipolar II?
What is bipolar? How does it feel? Because I’m not sure if I suffer from it.
Are sociopaths typically hotheaded?
How do I cope up with the stress from JEE prepartion?
Can I go to new psychiatrist if I've just filled a prescription, but am not happy with my old doctor's diagnosis?
How we can reduce suicide while under depression?
Is Onision a psychopath?
What's teen life like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder?
How come my mother displayed narcissistic behavior to my husband and not to other people?
Do you always have a feeling of dread for no particular reason? Is this another symptom of anxiety?
What exactly is eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), and how likely is it to help with PTSD?
Is there any psychotherapist online for counselling? Who is the best?
Have you ever tried to commit suicide, and why?
Have you ever had a problem that just refused to go away?
Is it possible for me to overcome severe depression caused by ragging?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
What is it like to be diagnosed with both ADHD and a mood disorder?
I am 100% sure that I have ASPD, I want to go to a therapist but I don't want my mother to know, what should I do?
Would it make sense to prescribe someone with mixed depression/anxiety a stimulant like amphetamine plus a non sedating anxyolitic such as buspirone?
What are the ways to curb social illness (in general)?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
People with BPD see in black or white. Is there a disorder where someone can only see in the gray area?
Why am I so addicted to procrastination?
I've been thinking about it and I still can't find a good reason for somebody to commit a suicide. Why do people turn to suicide in desperate moments?
Can crazy people ever become sane again?
Would someone with the ability to vividly dream & remember most of it to the point it uses most of their actual life away be considered mentally ill?
What's the point of living if my depression and anxiety are never going to get better? I'm not contributing to society nor am I really enjoying life.
Are there any 'unreasonable' reasons for depression?
Why is mental illness criminalized?
How can I become intelligent and overcome dumbness or mental retardation (by birth)?
Is there a word for such severe depression that one is on the verge of suicide?
What is it like to have dysthymic depression and borderline personality disorder?
Is it possible to date someone with BPD and to not be always anxious of accidentally saying the wrong thing?
What if the Bible, creates mental illness?
Who are some good psychiatrists, psychologists or mental doctors in Pune?
Can depression make someone a criminal?
How does depression in a spouse lead to divorce?
I'm depressed and no one will listen to me. What can I do?
What are some stories where people have failed multiple times, due to the instability of their minds?
Trump has worsen my mental illnesses, can I sue him?
In substance abuse disorders, what is the illness and what is treated? Why do the majority relapse?
Can a person with split personalities have different mental disorders and abilities in each personality?
What will psychopaths do to someone who succeeded to make them blind, lose both of their hands and legs and let them live that way?
How do I know if I have Asperger's syndrome or social anxiety disorder?
How would a psychopath react to a killer clown with a machete walking up to him/her?
What shall I do if I feel depressed from being alone?
Is it possible to experience anxiety and depression if you are an atheist?
Why should I live if mental illness ruined my life?
Do I have some bits of autism?
What does mental toughness help you with, or having a strong mentality? Are they the same thing?
How do I deal with my daughter who has narcissistic personality disorder?
Can I sue someone for saying I have mental illness and using illegal drugs when I don't and have proof?
What narcissistic trait do BDP men have?
I suffer from BPD. I am so vindictive. How can I quit hurting other people?
Why does depression lead to doing more drugs?
How can we tell if a client is suffering from BPD rather than being extremely anxious-preoccupied?
How can I explain to my mother that I'm suffering from misophonia?
Would a covert narcissist ever give up finding supply because he feels he ruins people's lives?
Why does a person get depressed?
What does it feel like to be poor and psychopath?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
Is it worth visiting a Jero Mangku healer on Bali and how does it work?
Are there people who have successfully come out of depression (or are in process of doing so)?
Are there some people that therapy cannot help/ some mental illnesses that cannot be eliminated?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
Is there a relationship between depression and apologizing?
I just realised that most of the time of my life I have this weird breathing problem but without being concerned about it. What is this disorder?
Do sociopaths or psychopaths choose special persons they want to be with/manipulate?
Should I go to a therapist?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
How common is the feeling of guilt for someone who has bipolar disorder?
Is there any good reason to stop taking ecstasy/MDMA?
What would happen if everyone fell into a deep depression?
I was told that having "fur-babies" or pets as replacement for having children should be considered a mental disorder. What is your opinion on this?
Is numbness a sign of mania?
What is responsible for obsessions in OCD?
Why does BC have the highest number of hospital visits due to mental illness?
Have you ever wished for depression? Why or why not?
How should I tackle terrible social anxiety in university?
How does it feel when some people demonize people who are diagnosed with NPD so cruelly?
Is the feeling I'm feeling depression or something else?
Is it possible that my OCD is getting worse even if my mood is getting a lot better?
What shoud I do to get my degree? It'll take 7 years to have it due to mental illness (schizophrenia). How can I be smarter or disciplined to obtain it?
Why do people throw around terms like "sociopath" and "psychopath" without knowing what they truly mean?
Can people have to much stress to lead to a breaking point?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
Can people with NPD be cured or is there a treatment?
I prefer solitude but at the same time being lonely makes me depressed. Social interaction makes me loose focus on my goals. What should I choose?
What causes mental weakness?
Does social anxiety make you want to die?
How do you deal with a partner who thinks your mental illness is something you do on purpose?
Why hasn't my mother been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
How can you convince your mom that your brother has depression?
How does a sociopath react when you move on?
What is the name for the mental illness or depression that immigrants experience?
Why do I wish I was a psychopath?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
If a child was raised by parent(s) with a personality disorder, would the child mimic the behaviour of that disorder without having it themselves?
What would be safe to take for ADD, anxiety, focus and depression?
How do I get better grades in high school and stop being depressed about them?
What are the common traits of people who have suffered from emotional trauma?
What does abandonment feel like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder, psychologically and physically?
Does having unwanted suicidal thoughts put me in danger?
Should I see a therapist for occasional depression/grief and insecurity in relationships?
How do you warn someone, who is a decent human being, that they’re involved with a narcissist?
Is the bipolar test on the internet true?
Has burnout been classified as a medical condition or a mental illness? If not why not?
Can shadow work or working with the shadow self help cure intrusive thoughts?
Could I have mold poisoning without "allergy symptoms"? I have severe anxiety and brain fog and mildly elevated liver enzymes. How can I get tested?
Is OCD one of the worst mental diseases?
Why do some people say "greazy" rather than "greasy"? Are they mentally ill?
Can getting made fun of too much cause mental illness?
Do you ever really get out of depression and being suicidal and self harming if you don't go to a doctor?
Are there any known people who could be sociopaths (not psychopaths)?
A man with depression breaks up with you. What do you do?
What causes bipolar?
If someone killed a person in a psychopath’s inner circle, would the psychopath kill them, if given the chance? Or would he simply let the authorities handle it?
Whom do we call mentally retarded?
What are some good jobs or careers for people with severe sleep disorders?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
How can people with borderline personality disorder handle the death of a loved one?
If one hears sounds that aren't real and sees imaginary people, is he mentally ill or is he experiencing some supernatural powers?
Does seal clubbing increase your mental health?
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
Does someone who constantly cleans his desk with Kleenex while talking to you suffer from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder?
Can we heal a depressed person with reiki?
Does inactivation of the mGluR5 receptor in OCD patients help stop obsessions or only compulsions?
How is the Japanese mentality different from the Chinese mentality?
How can you treat/cure a specific case of depression?
If one has dissociative identity disorder, how can she stop switching her personality?
How do you handle stress when you have clinical anxiety?
What is the difference between aspergers syndrome and generalized/social anxiety disorder?
Does someone on antidepressants behave like a mental person?
Why can't I stop an obsession with someone, why won't my mind move on if I already have physically? Is this an uncontrollable mental illness?
What is my best option when I am being mentally abused in India?
How do I know when my introversion has turned into a social anxiety disorder?
What happens to a person with dextrocardia disorder?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, what is the best method to help him change his mind?
What are some things that psychopaths know they are better at than an NT is?
Do we have any responsibility towards depressive people, and how do we fulfill this?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
How do I write an appeal letter to get into the Army Reserves when failing on the medical for recurrent depression (very mild)?
Does it feel to anyone else as if the treatment for bipolar is making you crazy?
Is it bad if I hold back urges to yell out of frustration?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
Self pity seems a self defeating behavior. How can someone be encouraged to break free of it? Thinking mainly of people with personality disorders.
What are the pros and cons of taking anxiety medications?
How do I reduce my anxiety?
Do insects have mental illness like humans?
Why are SSRIs so effective in treating OCD?
Is there a difference between heart break and depression?
If people are so worried about me committing suicide, why aren't they doing anything?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
What is it like to have depression and anxiety (by the definition in the psychology field)?
What are some celebrities with multiple personality disorder?
Is there a difference between INFJ disembodiment and depersonalization?
I am getting very depressed about the events happening in my life. What are some ways to get out from depression?
Are psychiatrists really aware of what goes on inside a patient’s brain who is on antidepressants?
I'm in a relationship with someone who is suicidal and depressed, but I want a breakup. What do I say?
Lithium for bipolar keeps manias under control. Does it also prevent the spiral down into suicidal depression?
What are different ways to commit suicide?
What do you call the rare mental disorder where you are extremely impressionable and can develop something from researching/thinking too much?
How can I get over reading about OCD?
Does Sadhguru suffer or has he suffered from PTSD?
Why is mental health such an ignored topic in Indian society?
Can a person with split personalities have different mental disorders and abilities in each personality?
Is someone with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to be abusive?
Is there any quick cure for anxiety?
Can anxiety worsen periods?
How long did it take you to get over your depression and become happy again?
Do people act crazy to stay sane?
If, starting at 12 years, a child is told throughout their adolescence that they have depression, will they eventually have clinical depression?
Why do people with BPD often feel the need to overshare?
Are SSRIs more effective for OCD rather than depression?
What percentage of bipolar people are helped through medication?
Are mindfulness and heart rate coherence related?
If love is our natural state of being, then why are people suffering from their own mental problems?
What is the psychological reason for anxiety caused by unread text messages?
Why are there so many references to psychopaths on Quora?
If a child was not abused, what else causes a narcissistic personality disorder?
If POTUS were to be effectively incapacitated by a mental condition, such as senile dementia, how would the government administration deal with this?
How can I stop being anxious while studying?
After losing a parent, why can’t I feel anything at all, when I know I should be in pain?
How can I move from a mental health job to a corporate job?
How do I cope up with my studies after a long psychiatric medicated treatment (2 years)?
Does everyone feel depressed at some point in their lives and does it ever go away?
Should I feel depressed about graduating?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about those who commit suicide?
How can I keep nicotine from causing me anxiety?
I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Why are many school shooters labeled as psychopaths/sociopaths?
Has anyone moved because you found yourself clashing with the culture of your city, and it made you feel depressed?
Should I say “I'm gay” to the psychologist that I go to if I don’t want my mum to know that I am?
What are some jobs for mental health counselors that are not in health care?
I’m a doctor​ with no certification. I’m doing my own therapy for musculoskeletal problems. I need certification for my therapy. How can I get it?
Why aren’t churches mental-disability friendly?
How does it feel to have bipolar disorder along with borderline personality disorder?
I have a lot of anxiety over presentations and social interaction. How can I overcome this?
How should I tell my parents I have anxiety?
Can a person fake himself as a schizophrenia patient?
Do people with bipolar disorder dislike those who can't identify other people?
How is mental repression explained in psychology?
Is there a personality disorder linked to someone who doesn't believe in romantic love?
If the abuse wasn't that bad, could it still cause BPD?
When is supervised visitation required for some psychiatric patients?
Do people with schizoaffective disorder think about killing people?
How is meditation viewed in religion?
Does being on the methadone program cause depression?
How common is paranoid bipolar disorder?
What is it like to suffer from depression?
Can someone recover from BPD?
How do I continue living without telling anyone about my depression and suicidal thoughts?
What is adjustment disorder with anxiety and depression?
I often feel depressed thinking about the future. Knowing that people I am close with will be gone (ex. deceased, moved, etc.). Is this normal?
What are some of the more unusual ways people have committed suicide?
How can I meet someone with a dissociative identity disorder?
Why do people suffer from anxiety mostly at night?
Why aren't there more depressed people around? What is it in life that keeps so many people going?
Are psychiatrists really aware of how detrimental the side effects of antidepressants are?
Do some people without mental illnesses feel that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live?
Can you get a panic attack over a relationship?
Do I have a mental problem?
Can OCD change form during life?
How do you get someone oblivious to their mental illness to get help?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
Do some people fake mental disorder like having NPD or being a psychopath?
What is myeloproliferative disorder?
Is it bad to always fantasize about a new life when I am too depressed?
I think I have avoidant personality disorder, should I bring this up with my therapist?
I just realised that most of the time of my life I have this weird breathing problem but without being concerned about it. What is this disorder?
What I have to do for get rid of stress and depression?
I’m going through depression. I have really mean classmates. I feel suicidal. No one gets how I feel. How to I stop this from affecting my studies?
Can a non violent person be provoked to commit a violent assault if they suffered years of physical and mental abuse?
Can my therapist or psychiatrist be anybody?
What is a hallucination and does it really happen?
If I want to die, does that mean I am depressed?
Is it better to not share your depression or get diagnosed for depression?
Will a borderline person also diagnosed with fibromyalgia ever be happy in life?
Can narcissism cause OCD?
How should one treat a residual schizophrenic?
Is the serotonin hypothesis about OCD the strongest one?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, what are your symptoms besides hallucinations?
I was wondering if I may be considered to have OCD?
After hearing about gory rape crimes, I constantly feel severely anxious about the safety of my loved ones. It’s affecting my daily life. How do I deal?
Do people fall into a bell curve of psychopathy: psychopaths as typically described at one end and people empathetic to a fault at the other end?
Do you know a story of a mentally weak/naive person who became strong?
What is a psychopath in simple terms?
Is it offensive to say someone is "a little bit OCD" or "bipolar" or "ADD" or "schizo" or "psycho" if the person doesn't really have these disorders?
How do I fight PMS-related depression? I also suffer from hypothyroidism which causes frequent bouts of depression.
Are there people who can't see any color? Why? Does it affect anything (emotionally, physically, or mentally)?
Is it better to be physically safe or mentally safe?
Can a mentally ill person file for asylum?
Will antipsychotics "help" my anorexia?
Is anxiety normal when switching from Sertraline to Escitalopram?
What questions do you have for people who self-harm?
Does weed make a mental illness worse?
What happens when a person with HPD/BPD is told what they are? It does not seem as if they realize that their behavior is abnormal, annoying and often disgusting.
Do psychopaths feel competent?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, do you genuinely feel love for anything?
Are there any success cases of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)?
Are there any anxiety/depression support groups in Chennai?
Why does codeine cause anxiety?
When should one take meds for mental disorder?
What is the quickest and easiest way to commit suicide?
Why are some people content to remain isolated and unemployed over a long time, even though it makes them mentally ill?
When you are very anxious, what should you do?
How do I bring up self-harm in therapy?
Why do I get sudden rushes of adrenaline?
Can praying to the devil make you schizophrenic if you ask him to make you schizophrenic?
Can a person that has bipolar illness and borderline personality disorder ever have a successful relationship?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
What is a possible way out of a mental prison regardless of the issue?
What to do when we are so depressed by a problem that we cannot fix for a long time up to a point that we want to commit suicide?
How do I increase my mental strength to keep on going even when the night is the darkest?
What are some good books about ASPD?
How does BPD work for socializing, and how can you be in love with someone with BPD?
How much should you rest in a day?
Is it possible to be a psychopath and have schizoaffective disorder?
If the stigma around psychopathy was erased, would psychopaths stop wearing the mask?
What are the characteristics of mental repression?
What are some of the best research papers into the effects of cannabis use on the mental health of adolescents?
Is fantasizing regularly about killing people, and how you would kill them, a sign of mental illness?
Is having a quiet voice caused by internal fear / anxiety?
How can one become a monk? Is it the displeasure for worldliness or is it simply another phase of depression that leads one to think that way?
Why are psychopaths attracted to careers in mental health?
Are people with borderline disorder delusional, or do they often misinterpret what is being said and what is actually meant by that?
What is the cause of the mental depression that the world is going through?
Why do you get depression despite coming from an affluent family and having all the luxuries, the love and affection of everyone, and a good income?
How do I overcome my depression as I am solving 562 despite deserving above 600 in NEET 2017?
What topic should I choose for my final essay about mental disorders?
Do psychopaths tend to blame other people for their own mistakes?
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
How long will it take until people with mental illnesses are treated like regular humans?
Now that we know what Trump will do as President of the United States, at what point will enough be enough? He is a cheat, liar and mentally unstable!
Can we drop the idea of psychopath as an identity or label?
When does the heartbeat of psychotic people get faster?
What else can cause BPD besides childhood trauma?
How can you overcome and/or thrive while having Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
Why do my psychiatric symptoms appear only after noon?
When I'm depressed I find it difficult to think through complex issues and to inhibit negative thoughts, how do I remedy this?
Has anyone ever scored the maximum points on a depression test?
Do psychopaths let people walk over them because they don't care enough to do anything about it?
I'm being diagnosed for anxiety and depression. Is it okay to skip the course once in a while?
What will you tell someone who is going to commit suicide?
What is the best advice you can give to future mental health counselors to be effective in their work? What skills do I need to stand out to clients?
What’s the threshold from having high psychopathic traits, to being "labelled" a psychopath? Is there a gauge?
Why are mental health services so sexist towards both genders, e.g. women get told it's 'just hormones', and men don’t get taken seriously?
How likely are schizophrenics and others who have an auditory hallucination to commit suicide, statistically?
Can weed trigger anxiety problems that would last for months?
How can I be sure I am seeing the right therapist?
Why do many students suffer from mathematics phobia?
If a small child was molested, would he develop a mental illness?
Can I live a good, meaningful life without meditating?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths usually become killers?
Why does my mom self-diagnose herself with OCD?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
How can I deal with OCD, ADD, and bipolar disorder?
How can I endure all my depressing feelings?
As a therapist, has a patient ever straight up lied to you?
How can anyone come out from mental harassment?
When people say mentally and physically, can't you just say physically?
How do I tell if I have depression?
For people who have suffered suicidal thoughts and overcame it, how did you know and when did you know that war ended at last?
How often is someone misdiagnosed with bipolar II instead of severe depression with anxiety? (This is what I think has happened to me.)
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
Do people with BPD regret their anger?
Is it my fault that I was born with a mental illness?
What do psychopaths think of the Wikipedia article on psychopathy?
What is a way of getting more and more depressed?
Could it be that the recurrent psychological abuse from relatives (not parents but other relatives) causes sociopathic tendencies?
What is the best way you or someone you know has found to manage your anxiety without medication?
I’m drowning from social anxiety. What should I do?
I've been on the same meds for 20 years. I want off. Will my general practitioners help me get away from a psychiatrist and the meds?
How many hours a day should one be involved in a mentally engaging activity to keep their mind from stagnating?
How can panic be differentiated from depression?
Why are most Indians so ignorant about the mental health of their friends and families?
Is it possible that my OCD is causing me to obsess about people from my past?
Are impressed and depressed related in anyway?
Sometimes I feel that committing suicide and killing myself is the best solution to relax from poverty and misery. Why?
What is mental healthcare like in Qatar?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
Why do people think that rain causes depression?
How do I overcome depression after a bad performance in NEET?
If doctors were diagnosed with their specialty, how would they want to be treated physically, emotionally, and mentally?
How do you mentally prepare yourself two days before a major examination?
If you have a mental illness, how do you train your mind to be tough?
Are there differences in someone being bipolar and someone having BPD, and if so, what are they?
How do I reduce anxiety in exams?
Have PTSD sufferers ever called the police thinking they were in danger when there was none? Are there legal consequences?
What is teen depression and its possible causes?
What is the best doTERRA oil for treating anxiety?
What's the cheapest, easiest and best way to commit suicide? Don't give me suicide prevention stuff.
How are female psychopaths/sociopaths on their period?
What should a complete session with a good therapist cost in Delhi?
I’m a dad who only has custody every other weekend. How can I help my 9-month-old child cope with stranger anxiety towards me?
Do these traits suggest antisocial personality disorder or another Cluster B disorder?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
If a man was born mentally normal but stressful and traumatic events changed him, can he change back? If so, how?
Have you ever thought that mental illness doesn't exist?
What medications cause hallucinations?
What should I do as a person who has depression and experiences heartbreak?
What is some advice about helping my PTSD diagnosed husband?
Why do people stigmatize mental illnesses?
How do I help my husband who is suffering from depression?
Why does nicotine cause anxiety?
Is being mentally strong a choice?
How is the Japanese mentality different from the Chinese mentality?
Is thinking of committing suicide normal? How bad is it, and how does one overcome it and stop it?
What does being in a depression feel like? I feel like I am depressed.
Do psychopaths like people who have ASPD?
What should be done in case if a person is fighting depression and can not consult a psychiatrist?
I’m 15. I have anxiety and depression. My parents think I'm a happy kid who does not get sad ever. I have almost no friends. What do I do?
Why do people suffering from anxiety fear they have gone crazy and are just hallucinating their whole life?
Do people with BPD realize when they are emotionally manipulating their partner?
What types of neighborhoods should I avoid in Atlanta?
Is there a difference between a psychopath's and a sociopath's stare, and if so, how do they differ?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Is there a link between an avoidant personality disorder and constant daydreaming?
Is a person with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to have abusive tendencies towards a partner?
Can I develop OCD because I researched it too much?
I feel severely depressed, what can I do?
As a senior, what is the best strategy to maximize my mental acuity?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about suicide?
What were the 18 psychological disorders as mentioned by agastya?
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
Does anyone else feel anxious when your cellphone rings?
How do I deal with panic attacks? I am looking for something which helps permanently and not temporarily. Is there a permanent solution to stop having them?
What's the difference between social anxiety and being nervous around people?
How long does depression last. Does it end or you learn to live with it?
What are the symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder after being discarded by my narcissistic girlfriend?
How do I get rid of the sensation of my head spinning? It’s been happening for 1 week because of anxiety.
Is there a correlation between MBTI type and mental illness (ENFP and ADHD primarily)?
How common is it for abusive parents to have their children misdiagnosed with mental illnesses as a method of avoiding responsibility?
What happens to a person with dextrocardia disorder?
I’ve been depressed for years and my parents are not taking me seriously. What should I do?
Are psychopaths parasites? Do they need victims to survive?
Can depression (or other mental illnesses) cause your body to function differently (e.g., how tall you grow, your metabolism, how your cells work)?
How do you stay mentally strong around negative people?
How do I deal with my depression caused by my exam results?
What are people’s experiences with recovering from overtraining syndrome?
What should a patient with autonomic disorders and anxiety disorders do?
Do we all use similar mental pictures when we reason about mathemetical structure? How do our mental models differ?
I’m 24 and really want to die because of manic depression and social and normal anxiety. What should I do?
I'm a "high" functioning BPD middle aged man. Is there anyone of any disorder that will functionally have a relationship with me?
How do I deal with the depression of a bad exam?
How can someone with borderline personality disorder start to make close friendships?
If a natural born psychopath is raised in an environment primed for social anxiety, will any develop?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Is there any depressed person who wants us to support each other through tough times and recovery?
Is there anyone with schizoaffective disorder and likes being social?
Is hypochondria the same as GAD?
Have you ever discovered someone was a sociopath? If so, what gave them away?
How does self-harming start?
How do I overcome anxiety as a teen?
How can a therapist deal and solve weird and uncommon phobias that are extremely severe?
How do I face reality and quit imagining fantasy and impossible scenarios?
What should be done for a person who is suffering from bipolar disorder? They are in a kind of extreme stage of depression.
How do I know if books about personality disorders are not just trash?
How do other people really look at mentally ill people?
How do you cope with early depression killing your dreams because even when recovering, it will often leave you detached and less energetic for life?
Is there any illness that causes one to steal money always?
Is there a link between bipolar and narcissistic disorder?
How can I cure low sperm count due to stress, anxiety and depression?
What does it mean to live with a mental illness?
What would your life be like if you suddenly no longer had BPD?
What are restraints used in mental health institutions?
What are some things to reflect on or think of that will help cope with thoughts of suicide?
Can I sue a psychiatrist who prescribed me antidepressants without telling me about the detrimental side effects?
Are these symptoms a sign of a mental disorder?
Is necrophilia a mental disorder?
What is the reality of depression?
To what extent does genetics affect susceptibility to depression?
I've been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder, what are some food diets that can help me overcome my illness?
How do I tell my boss I have depression and anxiety and will need time off to go to therapy appointments?
How do I get a girlfriend when I'm depressed?
How psychological illness causes obesity?
What do I do if my mom and therapist wants to put me in a psych ward for a suicide attempt? How do I convince them not to?
I feel really angry at all times. What should I do?
How do I recover from big hetination?
Do people who suffer from PTSD also suffer from paranoia?
Why are depressed people shunned?
Why are teenagers more susceptible to depression than adults?
What are the best things to do to keep your brain sharp?
What is the difference between having "schizoid personality disorder" and being "emotionally detached"?
How do people know about and get the latest and greatest legal pharmaceuticals and supplements for mental and physical health?
Is there a higher incidence of depression among adoptees than in the general population?
Would a psychopath make a good model?
What are some supplements in Singapore that can help with anxiety and depression?
Is there any real hope that a female sociopath can change if they admit their ways and are sorrowful?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
I turned 30 2 months ago and I'm still depressed about getting old. What should I do?
What are some symptoms of a person with Paranoid personality disorder?
What happens if you steal from a psychopath?
When might a psychiatrist prescribe you marijuana? I live in Maryland, and I might have IBS and anxiety.
How do I know if someone is bipolar?
Can someone be so traumatized that no therapist is able to help them?
What drugs can make someone mentally ill?
My mom thinks that diet and exercise will prevent a psychotic episode. She thinks a lot is in my control. I have schizophreniform. What do you think?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
How many hours of sleep is necessary if you are suffering from atypical depression?
Can psychopaths comprehend the experience of emotion?
Might a person with BPD fake hallucinations and psychosis to get what they want (love, attention, or forgiveness)?
What do you think about starting to go to a psychiatrist or psychologist if I feel like I'm having some serious problems with my mental health?
Can someone with a personality disorder be insane too or become insane?
How are female hormones linked to social anxiety?
My parents abused me to the point of wanting to commit suicide and murder. Now that I have money should I share my wealth?
How am I supposed to take care of my physical and mental self when I have no money?
Has anyone ever been insanely manipulated by a psychopath? I ruined my life trying to help someone who is beyond help.
How can you help someone else with their PTSD flashback?
Given that children change throughout the maturing process, can we see if a child will develop into a full-blown narcissist adult?
How do you discuss violent crimes that you haven't been charged for with a mental health professional without them breaking confidentiality?
In BPD, who is the real person?
Is it common in unipolar depression for the person to feel better during the evenings and nights and worse in the mornings and most of the day?
Is failure to launch considered a mental disorder?
Why doesn't the mental health system work?
What are the things that you can do to improve yourself physically and mentally?
How do I become mentally strong to increase my memory power?
Does depression significantly impair cognitive function?
Has grading in education affected your mental health?
What is the best way to support a loved one who is showing signs of mental illness?
How do you keep the right emotions before the cravings?
Is Hillary mentally ill?
How can I be ok with letting someone in?
Can frequent headaches be a symptom of bipolar disorder? If so, then how?
Under what circumstances and to whom do people with intermittent explosive disorder act with fury?
If someone is in a depression, trauma or any other mental cause, then is counselling/psychiatric treatment required?
Do psychopaths like seeing gory websites?
How do I know that if I have depression or not?
Would psychopaths become a neurotypical person for just one day in order to understand them better?
What would a psychopath do if someone is turning people against them using the Internet?
What should I do to stop procrastinating? I have always suffered from this, like always when I start studying, which makes me suffer.
Do psychopaths have an innate desire to breed? Do they lust? Do psychopaths enjoy watching pornography? What are the sexual lives of psychopaths like?
Why do psychopaths go to therapy?
Is it possible to just have mania?
Will my marks increase or decrease after verification in SSC?
What was Nietzsche's mental disorder preceding his death?
Why do I miss being depressed?
How would you deal with living with a depressed, suffering flat mate who does not engage in social norms?
How do I know if a sociopath is done with me?
Can a psychopath currently have a psychosis?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
Someone close to me was injured in the Iraq War, and years later suffers from depression and PTSD. I struggle to know what to say to him about it. What can I do?
Can anxiety be traumatizing?
What can I do to improve my short-term memory and enhance my ability to retain information?
What would a person's psychological effects be if he was stuck in time permanently?
Do you know people who suffer from the so-called "God complex"?
Can a psychopath feel irritability or something when they don’t get enough sleep?
Why are mental and emotional health important?
Is it homophobic to say that homosexuality isn't innate but rather a psychological disorder which in many cases, is curable?
Could stimulation from sex help someone with anxiety?
Why does suicide feel like the only way out? I would be sparing myself mentally and emotionally. Am I just defected, or am I just normal?
Has anyone dealt with a narcissistic personality? How did you recover? Do we ever recover?
I sometimes have intrusive thoughts, how can I know if it is OCD or being scared?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
What are the physical and mental consequences for abusing painkillers?
How do you know if someone is faking a mental illness?
What's the best strategy to overcome bpd without a therapist?
Is it possible for your brain to ever be quiet?
What causes panic attacks and depression in mid-relationship crisis?
Does it mean that you were a low-functioning psychopath when you behaved impulsively and ruthlessly as a teenager?
Do only depressed people think of committing suicide?
What happens to one’s body if it gets too little sleep (too few hours) for a longer time frame?
How does psychopathy work with twins?
What happens if you faint in a psych ward?
Can someone with DID (dissociative identity disorder) kill one of his/her alters?
Why do people glamorize depression?
Is stress good for students? How do you cope with it effectively?
How do I monitor the biochemical markers that give rise to my anxiety?
How do you clear up a psychiatric misdiagnosis?
What are psychopaths’ interests?
I've been having a serious 7 week depression phase, I've told my psych that I'm suicidal & cutting, but they dont take it seriously. What do I do?
Is it common to fall back into depression if you once where there? How can I avoid to fall back into it?
I was recently diagnosed with NPD and AVPD. How can I maintain relationships and keep this from ruining my life?
Is spring anxiety (seasonal anxiety) a thing?
What are the usual causes to mental health problems that professional footballers have?
If someone assaults someone because they are mentally disabled, would the charges be any different?
How many people would commit suicide if it could be accomplished legally and painlessly?
What happens after you commit suicide?
Does prenatal depression affect the baby?
Can a person who can make eye contact have social anxiety?
Does depression impair working memory?
Are people with mental disorders more attracted to other people who also have a mental disorder?
What's the best way of bootstrapping when you're really depressed?
What are some uncommon psychological disorders?
Do psychopaths enjoy lying for the thrill?
Is anyone in Pakistan living with severe social anxiety disorder?
Can one experience auditory hallucinations in the throes of high anxiety?
Does masturbation cause hair loss and mental fatigue? If yes, then how do I get rid of this?
Have you visited a psychiatric ward/hospital? If yes, how does it change your perception of people who has mental/personality disorder?
My mom wants me committed to a psych ward for attempting suicide. How do I convince her not to put me in a psych ward?
How do I overcome contact contamination OCD?
How do I stop being a jerk when I am depressed?
Are depression and other mental illnesses congenital?
How do you recover from severe depression with no support system?
My dog died last night and now I’m depressed, what can I do?
Can I go to a psychiatrist without parental consent?
What is depression in Islam?
I can't eat when I'm anxious. It's really weird because I feel a chocking sensation and feel very tight inside my throat. Is that normal?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Bangalore for a schizophrenic patient?
How can I talk my depressed girlfriend into getting help?
What is the incidence of depression among homeschoolers?
What are some tips for making myself mentally strong?
Scientifically, can a person suffer from boredom?
Is it just depression if you have absolutely no will to live?
What is the relationship between executive function and depression?
What can I do to get over my anxiety of flying and have a safe, comfortable flight?
Solipsism is giving me anxiety and depression for months. What do I do?
How do I know if I'm an introvert or just extremely depressed?
What do psychopaths think of the child of rage, Beth Thomas' 'recovery from psychopathy'?
Should I go school camping when I am going through depression?
How do I get these mental illness questions off my feed?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
What is known as the study of emotions?
Can a psychopath be friends with someone who is super sensitive?
What are the ways to improve my father's mental health and will after survive heart attack?
Why is there a distinction between bipolar I and bipolar II?
Can the voices that a schizophrenic hears be friendly or are they always harsh?
What specific gene is involved in psychopathy?
I'm sure I used to suffer from OCD when I was a child. How do I tell my parents this?
I want to kill someone. How do I control myself?
I find it difficult to speak about anything when I see my counsellor. How can I overcomes this besides coming off medication?
How does a person get physically and mentally stronger?
What advice would you give a 200lb woman struggling with chronic depression and eating disorder?
What should I do to stop being suicidal and depressed all the time?
I just lost my job, my mom is dead, I've been going through mental problems. What should I do?
What could help someone get into graduate school as a research psychologist and mental health therapist?
How can you give support to someone who's having a mental breakdown?
What are mental health problems? People say they are illnesses, but aren't there happy people with mental health issues?
Is mental ability also a part of BITSAT?
How do I stop myself from worrying that I might have cancer, which causes a lot of anxiety?
Is Mark David Chapman still mentally ill?
Are people with BPD dangerous?
What are some ways to relieve depression?
What would happen to a person's physical and mental state if they were buried alive in a coffin for several days?
Can sexual assault cause someone to become a psychopath?
My father is schizophrenic, what will happen to me?
What are some experiences of a person living with bipolar disorder?
How do you leave someone with BPD?
How can a person with PTSD be successful in school if they can’t focus?
What are the biggest challenges you face as a sales manager?
Which is better for anxiety - allopathy, Ayurveda, or homeopathy? I am suffering from anxiety, but I don't want to take tablets that will control my thoughts.
Which zodiac signs are likely to be psychopaths and sociopaths?
What are your quick personal strategies when you feel depressed in the middle of the vicious cycle of negative thoughts?
When a psychologist develops a mental disorder, do they give therapy to themselves?
How do I get over anxiety and increase my confidence about driving?
How does Dissociative Identity Disorder work? Are the symptoms there for all alters all the time, or are there episodes of the different alters?
What do psychopaths think about suicide?
Why do BPD's or NPD's refuse to call you their girlfriend?
Can a psychopath have depression induced by substance abuse or addiction?
My crush ran away after sex and I've lost confidence in myself. How do I regain it?
How many people suffer from tick borne Alpha-Gal in the USA?
Could bipolar disorder and GAD cause one’s personality type to alternate between ENTP and ENFP?
What's your secret to overcome anxiety before an important event?
What can I do about my extreme anxiety and panic attacks? I just lay in bed like a stress ball all day!
Can a narc take medication or go to therapy to help with their personality disorder?
Is there anywhere I can upload my professional and personal profile and seek feedback for entering entrepreneurship?
How do I help myself? I have BPD with reoccurring depression & no support or family, and I'm struggling to stay alive.
If your favorite singer turned out to be a pervert psychopath, would you still listen to his works?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
How can I train my parasympathetic nervous system?
Are there any bipolar disorder sufferers who underwent psychoanalysis or psychodynamic therapy and, if so, what is your experience?
How can you manage intense anxiety when you cannot stop the forces causing it?
Is it possible to develop DID (dissociative identity disorder) as an adult or only as a child?
How do you know if you are raising a sociopath?
How do you get post-traumatic stress disorder?
Do introverts mostly suffer from IBS and other stomach disorders?
How do I deal with being diagnosed with schizophreniform disorder?
Did Aaron Rodriguez really turn religious, depressed and suicidal, without anyone noticing it, right up until his death?
What would be your advice for a third year law student who is currently single, broke, introverted and depressed?
How long did it take you to really "see" all the symptoms and behaviors of your mental health diagnosis?
What do psychopaths think of the game 'Blue Whale'?
How can I completely stop overthinking?
Is it normal to debate yourself in the head? For example, I list the pros and cons of a situation and decide.
Why do I "get depressed" when I'm alone?
How can I stay mentally prepared for a mental test without getting tired?
Why does psychotic depression make you not think right and blame others?
I'm always anxious when taking notes. What should I do?
How would a child's development be impacted if they encountered severe PTSD at the age of 3?
What are the tips to overcome stress?
Do sleeping for 16 hours can cause health or mental problem?
How do psychopaths feel about justice?
What are the risks of exaggerating bisexuality in oneself as a form of exposure therapy?
Do psychopaths not feel emotions or do they supress them?
I'm in a good place - how do I stop letting my depression take over?
What does compulsive mean?
How do depressed people know about cutting?
Do atheists ever feel frustrated and depressed because nobody pays any attention at all to their no-evidence argument?
Why am I not able to concentrate on anything? Is it a sign of having psychological issues?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
If a psychiatrist rashly prescribes black box medication to a patient who later commits suicide as a result, can they face serious legal consequences?
Does clutter have a profound impact on our emotional, mental, physical, and spiritual well-being?
How does Cymbalta treat bipolar disorder?
What is a panic attack on a website? How do you do a panic attack?
What can I do about my huge depression from being 8 years behind in my career?
How does a person's genetic health affect their mental and emotional health?
How do you know when your boyfriend is bipolar?
What are treatments for non-pulsating headaches that are primarily characterized by soreness?
How can I help a suicidal/depressed person who already has professional help?
Why does Salman Khan like to play characters with mental issues? Does that come naturally to him, or does a lot of effort go into it?
Who is the most mentally strong person you know and why?
How can we help someone with postpartum depression?
If a therapist can't work with someone that they're attracted to, does that mean my therapist isn't attracted to me?
Was Churchill a sociopath?
How would someone come back from schizophrenia?
Why do we have different theoretical models to explain mental illness?
Do anxiolytic drugs help overcome anxiety?
Why does low self-esteem lead to depression?
Is social anxiety a real mental illness that needs to be professionally treated or is it simply caused by a lack of social skills or self confidence?
Are all psychopaths happy and well-adjusted?
Is Poppy a psychopath?
Why do some psychopathic traits don't apply to every psychopath?
My girlfriend is suffering from depression, how can I help her?
What is the fastest way to get diagnosed? In Fresno California I have anxiety, social anxiety etc.
How can I come out from feeling stress?
How should I overcome depression due to low marks in the NEET 2017?
What comes to mind when you think of someone who is mentally ill? What are your stereotypes?
Who are the most popular psychologists that work with patients?
Can schizo-affective people be cured?
How do I tell my family that I have depression and want help?
Has there ever been a psychologist who committed suicide?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
Do psychopaths have a codex?
What kind of psychological damage is done to the partner of someone with BPD?
Why is it important to study the sociology of mental disorders?
Would a high-functioning person with sexual sadism disorder have foresight, impulse control, and live by the law?
Isn't taking anxiety meds just helping you avoid facing your problems?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
Do I have bipolar disorder or some underlying psychiatric issue?
Should I see a doctor or psychiatrist regarding my pseudo-Parkinson's symptoms?
What does one have to do to be in a mental hospital? Can one voluntarily go? If not, what can one do to be forced into one?
If you have depression, would you want to date someone with depression?
How do you get out of a depressing state?
Why do INFJ personalities have depression and other mental health issues?
What is the law in India for a family member not taking a mentally ill person to a doctor for treatment, if the person himself is not in a position to decide?
Is it possible to have the opposite of postpartum depression? (i.e. the period after birth is the only time you feel "normal"?)
Should I go to a mental hospital if I have anti-social traits?
What is the transition into schizophrenia like?
What are the ways by which any teenage person could overcome depression in his life, caused due to hatred towards him?
How do people deal with having a chronic illness?
Are psychopaths more likely or less likely to abuse drugs/alcohol?
Is Damon Salvatore a sociopath?
How do I deal with shivering caused by anxiety?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I am bipolar?
Why are people who commit suicide labelled as cowards?
Why don’t people want to hangout with socially anxious people like me?
How can I talk to attractive women without getting anxiety and stuttering?
What is the difference between obsession, depressive rumination and delusions?
I believe I am suffering from dementia in my 20's. What is the most common cause?
What are the best scientific ways to stop neurological decline?
How do I help my girlfriend when she is having a PTSD attack?
Can someone *become* a sociopath (or something similar) due to conditioning?
Can true psychopaths feel suicidal?
Do I move back home, get a job & deal with my dysfunctional but loving family, or live depressed and isolated out in the country without having to work?
Is Cardio B the right supplement for maintaining mental and physical health?
I sterilise my self harm tools with an isopropyl alcohol lens wipe. Is this sufficient?
How would I start my fresh life after lots of depression?
What happens to your brain if you have been depressed for a long time?
Why do I start feeling depressed if I don't do something crazy?
How did your father react when he knew you are a psychopath?
Why do people think I sound depressed?
When is the right time to seek a counsellor for depression?
How do I do travel therapy?
Is suicide illegal where you live? If so, how do people get help there?
How would you find a mentally unwell person who has gone missing for a month?
What are some treatments for social anxiety disorder?
How do I stop my anxiety from allowing me to do things?
If someone with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a person who is a psychopath, how do things play out if the Psychopath wants to break up?
If a person with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how would the relationship play out?
I’ve been jobless for 5 months, and I’m feeling depressed. What should I do?
Should I tell my teacher about having travel anxiety?
Are antidepressants like Zoloft better at treating OCD than they are at treating depression?
Are psychopaths less likely to be racist?
Where can I find a therapist in NYC to help me deal with several psycho-sexual and dating hangups that I have?
What kind of obsessions does a person have if he got both OCD and depression?
Which mental illnesses cause libido to increase?
If your mental illness is affecting your ability to communicate with people, should you get help?
How do I stay emotionally sane while I dig myself out of debt?
How are psychopaths affected by art?
I'm scared my depression might be developing into something worse like a personality disorder or sociopathy. How do I know?
What should I do when I am depressed?
How does it feel to fully recover from a serious clinical depression that lasts a few years or more? Is it really possible to live in a normal way afterwards?
Would you break up with someone living with depression and social anxiety?
How did your parents react when they found out you are a psychopath? Did they always suppose it or was it a surprise?
Will having therapy sessions affect my financial future?
How do I identify depression in my teen?
What drives those with PTSD to kill?
Would a psychopath make a good director?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
How can I study properly if I'm suffering from anxiety?
Are people who have depression just weak?
I don't want to be depressed anymore but still can't find the motivation to do anything about it. How do I finally just move?
How do you test for a self-defeating personality disorder?
Why does depression come from nowhere sometimes?
I have depression ad anxiety, how can I convince my parents to allow me to see a psychiatrist?
Can I be a police officer if I have mental disorders?
What exactly is "ego loss" and is it a side effect or precursor to a personality disorder, or something else entirely?
Why does my therapist not understand that I don't want to treat my ASPD?
How do I less emotional and mentally strong in odd time?
What's the difference between a complex and a personality disorder?
How can I cope with depression and stress, as I am fed up with my life's ups and downs?
Can marriage make you depressed even when you're not being abused?
If you check off for the qualifications of being a sociopath, but not because of the lack if ability, but because of desire/choice, are you still one?
Why would a college student commit suicide?
How do people deal with work related anxiety?
Can you have BPD without having any abandonment issues and enjoying being alone?
I'm homeschooled, have social anxiety, and live in a small town where not many things are available. What do I do?
What are the various treatments for anxiety disorder?
Can you get into the military if you have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder?
How can I deal with a muscular thug who doesn't study in our university and comes here to sleep in empty classrooms and has mental disorders?
What's the difference between bipolar and borderline, and how common is that misdiagnoses?
How can a schizophrenic go to a hospital instead of a prison?
What can I do when my therapist and mother want to send me to a mental hospital?
What is separation anxiety and how do you treat it?
Should I talk to my research adviser about my depression?
How do people perceive swallowing and anxiety disorders?
Why do I get depressed before going out?
What can I do to reduce paranoia while taking cocaine?
Have you recovered from OCD in India? I have been suffering for 4 years. Which is the best place to get it treated?
What is your bluntest opinion about a high-functioning, self-aware, non-diagnosed psychopath?
How much time does it take to diagnose HFA?
How can I remain at peace in between my parents' fight? It's taking a toll on my mental health.
If a person with a borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how does the relationship play out?
When schizophrenics are in a psychotic state, does part of them realize that what they're thinking isn't rational?
Can a sociopath choose to be a good person?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
What are effective ways to cope with stress and negative situations?
What mental disorder would you consider that the person in this case study has?
Is craniosacral therapy real?
Do guys who broke off a relationship because they lost feelings for you due to depression come back?
How can I help a friend who might be depressed?
How do I stop being an anxiety ridden mess?
Is there any remedy for chronic depression?
Why did I want to be friends with a sociopath?
What are some facts of teenage depression?
Do psychopaths have a code of conduct?
Have any of you ever dealt with extreme OCD with delusions, and do the delusions ever go away?
How can I convince my mom that I think I have depression and I should be taken to the doctor and tested?
What do you think Lennie's (from Mice & Men) mental illness is?
Why is Quora filled with judgement and prejudice regarding mental and personality disorders like bipolar and BPD?
What is a female with ASPD like?
Are there people in India with borderline personality disorder?
How can I convince a person with schizophrenia to get help?
Every social interaction I have is fake on my end (not manipulation, I could just care less) is this similar to psychopathy or sociopathy?
Why does Pinterest cause depression and even shame in some women?
I have an exam tomorrow which I will surely fail because I couldn't study as I have been enduring depression since August last year. What do I do?
Is there any other way for people with depression to feel better rather than go to psychiatrists?
Which environmental theory of mental illness is the most intriguing to you, and why?
Do some people with ASPD want to be a neutrotyical?
How did James Fallon control his psychopathy?
If you commit suicide, where would you go?
How do I get cured from stress? I got BP and now my head spins in the morning. I am working in a good MNC. My dream is to become an entrepreneur. I am confused about whether to quit my job and work for a startup.
Can a psychopath be scarred?
What happens to the body when one has depression?
I’m cutting myself in order to feel something. Is this a sign of a mental disorder?
Can a bipolar disorder be passed on to one’s offspring in the form of a borderline personality disorder?
How can I be a successful psychologist?
What's the quickest and least painful way to commit suicide?
Do psychopaths or sociopaths ever feel nervous when it comes to their own self? If yes, in what situations?
Are there any ayurvedic medicines for depression/anxiety/mental wellness?
Everyone tells me my anxiety is fake, and makes me feel bad about it. It's breaking me. What should I do?
Will a person with ankylosing spondylitis become disabled & bend forward eventually?
If a person enjoyed being out a lot at night, might that indicate a mental illness?
What is the age and the reason when you thought that you want to commit suicide?
What does it feel like to have anxiety and depression?
My husband mentally and financially abuses me. What should I do?
I am seeing a therapist for depression. Are anti-depressants necessary? Is there such thing as a "mild" anti-depressant?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
Do some people on Quora write false things about psychopathy or ASPD in general?
Why is psychological health often ignored?
Have you ever been in a relationship with someone that had a mental disorder?
How is stress related to mental illness?
Do all psychopathic traits have to apply to you to make you a psychopath?
Do some psychopaths cut themselves so they can feel an emotion?
When in a non-BPD and BPD relationship, how should the non-BPD act when treated poorly?
From which hospital in Mumbai I will get mentally disturb person's certificate?
Psychopathy and Asperger’s seem to have a lot of common traits. Do you think they are variants of the same condition?
Why does pole dancing burn so much when you start out? Will it ever go away?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the mental health space?
Can I get mental health leave from school?
Can a psychologist diagnose HFA?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both social anxiety and bipolar disorder?
I feel like I'm becoming less intelligent over time. Is this a form of mental illness?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
How can someone with PTSD relive an event through a flashback when they wouldn't know what the event was?
What is complex PTSD and how does it affect the growth and functionality in an individual?
Am I bipolar? Sometimes, out of nowhere certain things trigger severe depression and wouldn't go away the whole day.
Why are more and more people affected by stress, anxiety, and depression, compared to the past and previous generations?
What can I do to convince my 42-year-old BPD mom to seek treatment?
What actions would get you instantly in a mental home?
What are the reasons of someone with BPD getting fired from work?
Does anyone find it ironic that Congresswoman Waters continues to say that a lot of conservatives have real mental problems?
What does being 27% neurotypical entail for an individual?
Whenever I return to my hometown for any length of time, I become overcome with depression. Is this a common phenomenon?
Do therapists recommended different clothing to their patients?
How do I tell my parents that they need to see a marriage counselor or some other form of therapist/psychologist?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
How would psychopaths react if they're "scared" in a way?
What words would you tell someone who is a manic bipolar?
What are some characteristics of the different types of paranoid personality disorder?
What should be done when a person is mentally drained out and they are not getting enough care from their family?
How far are we from finding a cure for the mental disorder known as atheism?
How can I find out whether I'm disturbed or depressed?
How do people with bipolar disorder feel during a grandiose state?
How does a person stop being a compulsive liar?
If a person has a mental illness, does that mean the person is insane and can't function in society?
Why is my social anxiety worse when I'm around my family? I go out of my way to avoid them because they make me feel nervous and I hide from them.
I live in the UK. If I get diagnosed with depression, will I get signed off work?
What are the specific behaviors you consider to diagnose BPD?
What are some behaviours that you're most ashamed of when you were in a borderline personality "episode"?
Is it possible to engage in eating disorder behaviors with without actually having one?
How will I tell my parents that I am sad or nearly depressed and I seek counseling?
I have a feeling that people are criticizing me in their heads. Is it paranoia or social anxiety?
Are all drug induced psychotic episodes due to mental illness?
Should I quit gaming if it makes me depressed and I want to get fit and better grades?
What is some advice for someone with BPD who is trying to recover?
Can a child be a psychopath?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
How can I get excited when I need to stay calm in order to prevent triggering anxiety?
Is psychopathy our default setting?
Is it "attention seeking" and "conceited" (in a way) to accept/sometimes say that I have a mental disorder?
How can I explain to people about my mental illness when I don't seem "crazy" to other people most of the time?
Do Low Functioning sociopaths blend in like their High Functioning counterpart?
Why do people on Quora expand their answers and stretch it outside the box, Even though this isn't an "essay competition"?
Is it common for the partner of someone with BPD to lose their social life, abuse alcohol, & feel dependent on their BPD partner?
I think my mom is quite depressed. What should I do?
After the discard stage, do narcissists treat their victims as if they were the narcissist?
How do I get over this feeling? I had a breakup in Nov. 2016. I have a panic attack every time I come across anything that is remotely​ related to her.
Is Sense8 about something that is kind of like DID (dissociative identity disorder), but in reverse?
Why do you think many people do not seek help for anxiety problems?
What should I do if I self-harm but don’t know why?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
I'm 14 and trying to figure out how can I get mental help without directly asking for it?
Would a sociopath make a great psychologist?
Why do people with BPD deny having BPD?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
In what ways do mothers with borderline personality disorder affect their children?
Recently, my parents suffered a huge financial loss of 70 lacs Rs? Both of them are inconsolable and are in a deep depression. What should I do?
How do makers of apps & digital services for people with depression design to keep those depressed people from simply retreating into the technology?
Hi I am really worried. I suffer from anxiety and OCD. And I suffer from repetitive blasphemes thoughts. I am a christian. i have Thoughts like the unpardonable  sin. Now the thing that worries me is that say I get baptized in the Holy Spirit and I try to speak in tongues. But I can't speak In tongues. Is it possible that I committed the unpardonable sin because I can't speak In Tongues after I was baptized by the Holy Spirit? I have these thoughts about the unpardonable sin like almost every day. I don't want to have these thoughts.
What disorder (mental) would make a person show no facial expressions?
Does jealousy cause paranoia or does paranoia cause jealousy?
What are some daily things you can do that make you mentally stronger?
Do psychotherapists provide the same legal provision for client confidentiality as lawyers do?
Why do people in India neglect mental health and visiting a psychiatrist is considered more of a taboo?
Do psychopaths ever feel smug? If so, when?
Seeing as how psychopathy isn't a diagnosable condition, what were psychopaths diagnosed with?
I’m depressed because I feel like my life has no meaning. What should I do?
Why do happy people tend to refuse medication when falling ill?
Can a narcissist use doing good to others to get his supply?
Is dementia genetic?
Do people with psychosis or a psychotic breakdown know that about themselves? Are they cognizant they are in an alternate reality/breakdown?
Can anxiety disorder cause EKG/ECG abnormalities?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
Why do people pity those who self-harm, but not those who harm others?
Love is a mental illness that destroys the mind. How can it be cured?
What hapens when a psychopath grows up in a good environment and is taught to feel empathy and not to hurt or manipulate others?
Does Luvox treat depression?
After recovering from depression, how do I regain the full cognitive ability and strength I once had?
Who volunteers in a support group for people with depression?
How do I know if my dysphagia is a sign of a physical or a mental problem?
Do you take medication for your anxiety? If so, are you concerned about studies that say anxiety medications can cause permanent changes in your brain?
Can one prevent mental aging and the mental decline that comes with it?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
What percentage of U.S. citizens suffer from some type of mental health disorder?
Is creativity more common among bipolar 1 disorder or bipolar 2 disorder?
Which is your best experience with or as a psychologist?
Is it possible to reclaim creativity after a long depression?
What should I do whenever I feel depressed or demotivated?
Why do people suffer from depression?
I form patterns and if I can't cope with them, I feel stressful. Is it some disorder?
How true is this about Doraemon that a real Nobita suffering from schizophrenia and he committed a suicide?
Can you cure misophonia?
How do I overcome stress and anxiety one day before the BITSAT?
Why does clinical depression happen?
How often on average should men have sex to stay mentally healthy?
How can I convince my parents to go to a therapist without telling them that I think I’m bipolar?
Can you have bipolar and borderline personality disorder?
I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow about whether I have depression what do I say?
Is there anyone who took PCM by choice, but got depressed in 12th due to consistent falldowns?
How do I stop letting anxiety and stress ruin my life?
How long should it take (roughly) for your therapist to give you a diagnosis?
Does staying in a mental hospital affect my reputation/record? How could that affect my future?
I have bipolar II disorder. Does anyone have any coping advice? I do see a therapist regularly but I'm afraid of meds & therapy can be uncomfortable.
What are unreasonable reasons and unreasonable frequencies of a psychotherapist taking time off? What crosses the line of being unprofessional?
What is it like to have a psychological mind?
How can I get my mind out of this deep cycle of anxiety and panic feeling?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Calicut?
What is the safest and easiest way to commit suicide?
How does it feels like to suffer from "aunty shaming" in India?
Can one use characteristical similarities between humans as a basis for suggesting an individual’s mentality?
How can I recover from the depression of failure in my educational career upon graduation?
How have your son's struggles with schizophrenia affected your opinion of the condition (not of the people afflicted with it)?
What are the different types of mental disorders?
What is the name of the stiffness disorder suffered by mountaineers at higher altitudes?
What should I do to get over mild depression? What should I do to cheer myself up?
What kind of qualities do you see in psychopaths or sociopaths that you wish you had?
Can psychopaths have cognitive empathy?
How do I get therapy without my parents finding out in India?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Over the past couple of years, I have become dependent on looking at screens. What has happened to me?
Is Neurofeedback (to treat anxiety) safe?
Why does it happen that I fight with depression for a long time and feel happy for a short period of time and again get depressed? Why is the cycle repeating?
What is the solution if a depressed person refuses to consult doctor and the person is harming the family?
Why do we get distracted and become depressed while studying?
Gaming makes me depressed as a teen. Should I stop gaming?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Have you ever been anxious for no reason at all?
How can a person suffering from bipolar 2 take decisions and control his life?
Why are students committing suicides, and who, if anyone, is responsible?
How do you describe the biology behind depression under 2 minutes?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
A therapist withdrew from my BPD child, and now my child hates me. Why?
How common is the somatization disorder?
What's the end of depression?
What do I do if I can no longer parent my 16 year old?
Does an anxiety attack make ADHD symptoms worse?
How do you treat addictive personality disorder?
What do you mean by psychotherapy?
How do I stop my mind from having negative thoughts? My mind adds up all the possibilities and that makes me more upset or worried.
Can sodium nitroprusside be used safely in the routine treatment of schizophrenia?
If psychological illnesses are fake, would this be a plausible alternative?
Why do people have split personality?
What would earn a psychopath's unstoppable vengeance against you?
Is there anyone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder in Bhopal?
Do sociopaths also have a paranoid personality disorder?
When does a proposed disorder becomes an official disorder? And where do you check if it's really officially recognized in medicine?
Is it bad that I resent my mentally ill sister, after she dropped out of two universities, leaving us broke?
Do you believe it is better for a client to plan what to discuss in a psychotherapy session or just allow things to "naturally" unfold?
How do I deal with my husband's extreme sloppiness?
I am suffering from emphysema. Can I go to Dharamshala for studies?
What does the mental developmental index mean?
How do I tell this girl at school that vaccines don't cause the illnesses that they're supposed to prevent?
Is tardive dyskinesia reversible?
I want to make a company of psychopaths, how do I do it?
Are there people of the 'too lazy to commit suicide' variety?
My husband is having mental problems, where can I get a good doctor to cure him?
Why is it that a large percentage of people that commit suicide, do it by hanging themselves? It seems there are a lot better options.
What is the way to come out of depression? Is using drugs or alcohol the right way to come out?
If I call 911 saying I am going insane, how long will I be in a mental hospital if I tell them I will hurt myself if they let me go?
Is it okay for a sociopath to manipulate people?
When do I become matured mentally?
What are the traits/characteristics of a mentally, psychologically healthy/balanced/strong person?
What are some of your experiences as a gay man with borderline personality traits?
If I call 911 and tell them I am going insane and going to kill myself, will I have to speak to my parents before going to a hospital?
How would a sociopath with comorbid BPD look like?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
What do narcissists say about their condition?
Why does everyone sound so depressed on Quora?
Is there any new type of mental illness that has been discovered in the last 25 years?
I have been having suicidal thoughts and intents for a while now. Should I just ignore this? If I had access to ways to successfully do it I would.
If you’re philosophically inclined, how do you "shut it off"?
Can not eating be a symptom of mania/hypomania?
How do anti-depression pills work in our bodies?
Can a diagnosed sociopath or psychopath become a social worker/therapist/psychologist?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
What is the one word for physically present in one place and mentally somewhere else?
What is the best way to relax mentally in preparation for an exam?
What is psychological abuse?
I've been depressed for 3 years now. I'm considering suicide. What should I do?
What are some examples of sociopathic tendencies?
Knowing that fear is a mental state, how can we definitively suppress/overcome it?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
Every single test I took online says that I have severe depression. I don't want to take any meds due to the side effects. How do I explain this to my doctor?
Is it legal to refuse to sell a gun to someone who looks mentally ill?
How long does paranoia last in a bipolar disorder?
Is it right to commit suicide for being short?
Is there a disorder/disease or mental illness where you are happy one day and totally unmotivated the next?
A guy has developed OCD and depression due to years of bullying in school and college. Can he ever stop taking OCD medication and lead a normal life?
How do people who suffer from multiple personality disorder, manage their daily life?
What's the best way to ease the feeling of someone in anxiety or depression?
How did you realise you have bipolar disorder and how did you feel?
Can someone be asocial, shy and introverted and not have schizoid personality disorder?
As per Islam, life and death are in God's hands, then why are people able to take their own lives?
How do I overcome my glossophobia (speech anxiety)?
Is it possible to recover from a 12-year experience of being heavy bullied at school from a large number of people (including some teachers)?
What are meditation techniques used to overcome anxiety?
How can I cope with depression/manic bipolar episodes without seeing a shrink (I can't afford Obama Care)?
Do your body movements respond to OCD intrusive thoughts?
What is the difference between a syndrome and a disease?
How do you deal with anxiety and its effects?
What current depressing situation are you going through?
Without any degrees or licenses, could I create this business idea that I have for Mental Health?
Do all people with borderline suffer from a depression?
How is sex like with a bipolar person?
How can I treat my obsessive love disorder?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
Are you really co-dependent or did you end up in a co-dependent relationship with a borderline without realizing it?
How do narcissists know to select people who cannot defend their personal boundaries?
What is your trauma?
Will Psychopaths fake other personality disorders to confuse their victims?
What are the odds a narcissistic sociopath with borderline personality disorder has recycled 3 times?
I feel like hypomanic when only listening to music. Does this mean I'm bipolar and/or manic?
Why are schizoids (schizoid personality disorder) so weird?
Who are some famous paranoid schizophrenics?
Is there a correlation between depression and being second-born?
When dealing with suicidal thoughts or depression, did any online suicide prevention/support services help you? If so, which ones?
Is it possible to have mild bipolar or anxiety?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
Are people on the dark web more likely to have some kind of disorder?
Is there any type of OCD that happens only when you are on the internet (let’s say an internet sub-type of OCD)?
Are mental illnesses solely subjective judgements by our professionals? Or are there bio markers?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
What if I diagnosed my partner as a narcissit wrongly?
Is CBT useful for high-functioning autistics in late teens? This is about a boy in his late teens. Problematic social behaviours sexual in nature.
Does the antidepressant Effexor promote wakefulness and attention in people with ADD/ADHD, just as Strattera does? Or is Strattera the only one?
What do you do when you feel really blue and depressed?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
What's the best way to help someone with dissociative identity disorder without making it worse for that individual?
Is a person who hears voices and thinks others are spying on them likely to commit suicide eventually?
Should I keep gaming if it makes me depressed but independent as a teen?
Which practice management software packages do psychotherapists/psychologists use, and what do they think of them?
What medical tests exist for 'cured' for illnesses not caused by a parasite?
How do you deal with a sociopathic grandmother?
Who is qualified to treat depression, and how is it treated?
Is the contemplation of the meaninglessness of existence an effective cure for depression and embarrassment?
I have a felony record, I suffer from bipolar, and I'm 20, can I save the world?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
When are you tempted to stop taking your psychiatric medications in order to feel more brilliant?
How do I tell my parents about my mental health issues?
How does Phenergan treat anxiety?
How do people with borderline personality disorder prevent themselves from crying?
Does masturbation hampers our mental power?
Can constant depression and stress lead to heart attack?
Koko sounds like Quora for mental health. How is it different?
Has anyone overcome social anxiety? If so, how?
What is the average dose of quetiapine for BPD (EUPD)?
Will I ever stop being so anxious?
I think my anxiety is causing depression. I do not know what to do. My parents think depression is a way of getting attention. What should I do?
What are the effects of over-protective parents on a child’s mental health?
Do you really need to see a psychologist if you know what you have and don't even want to change?
Does a schizophrenic drawing what is in their mind help them understand themselves?
How do you know if you are a high functioning autistic?
Am I the only one who feels so depressed that I cry when I see very young kids swearing?
Would you date someone who tried to commit suicide in their past?
Why does my natural anxiety get in the way of my acting career?
What type of paranoia commonly occurs in bipolar disorder?
Is defining mental heath culturally significant?
How old do I have to be to get diagnosed with ASPD?
Can someone become a sociopath without being molested?
I graduated from high school. What do I do now?
Does the stable state last longer in schizophrenia or in bipolar disorder?
How do I get over my fear of burglars?
At what age does signs of mental illness begin to show?
Can an autistic person become a therapist?
At what age can someone be clinically diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder?
How can I stop depression as a teenager?
Where can I find the solution to psychological problems?
Where I can found society of mental brahmacharis?
How do I handle depression and suicidal thoughts during pregnancy as a single mother?
Is going through depression a spiritual and karmic test?
Do you have any advice for an adult waiting on a diagnosis of autism?
This world is conditional, and we are only wanted if we are useful, so how can someone be labeled as "depressed," when it makes sense to feel down about life?
What should I do if the stupidity of my mother drives me insane?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
Statistically speaking, what percentage of homeless people have a mental illness?
I always find myself either wanting things to be perfect or not wanting anything at all. This gets me depressed. What should I do?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
How can I transform myself to become my greatest version physically and mentally?
What's wrong with me, I know I'm gay but something in my head keeps making me second guess myself?
Is it possible to get PTSD from a dream?
Should I self-harm aloud to force people to like me?
Is there a definitive point in time where we can say Hitler went from sane to insane?
Is it possible to "turn" into a sociopath later in life if you've been through traumatic experiences, have traits, but still feel empathy?
How does one know if they're suffering from manic depression?
How long does it take to recover from years on psychiatric drugs?
What should I tell to the counselor about my depression?
Is there anyway to find out if I am mentally weak?
Is it normal for a therapist to look concerned when a client has a drastic personality change?
Do you have any recommendations for counseling or therapy in Michigan, USA?
Why do people have a cheap mentality?
Was Tom Riddle a sociopath or a psychopath?
Is there something I can read or watch that will help when I'm having a panic attack?
What are the common symptoms of intermittent explosive disorder?
How does a psychopath feel during a depression?
How hard is it for someone with schizoid personality disorder to get through school?
Do psychopaths enjoy bestiality?
Are lefties more prone to mental illness?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
What is victim mentality and how can one get over it?
Are narcissists delusional and mentally unstable?
What should I do to overcome depression? I become over-anxious or over-depressed.
How come I have had major hallucinations from Zoloft after two days?
How do I, as a clinically depressed person, get through to my narcissistic brother, who is coming to visit? He has no clue how stressful it will be for me.
What is your advice on the balance between knowledge and experience?
How can I best avoid depression?
What is the likely cause of lethargy barring any grave illness in an otherwise functioning individual?
Did anyone with BPD get told they were just being teens when they knew that they did have BPD?
Has BPD just singled out those to whom they are close?
Can people become psychopaths eventually, as opposed to being born as such?
What are some psychiatric lies?
At what age do most humans begin losing their mental faculties?
Why does isolation drive someone insane?
Is it any better or worse for recovery to try and resist the symptoms of drug-induced movement disorders?
Why is the number of people being treated for mental illnesses still rapidly increasing if the most common treatments (therapy & drugs) are effective?
Since learning about people with PD/NPD, why am I still having a hard time understanding that everything I thought I knew about my ex was a lie?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
What are the chances of someone having bipolar disorder if one of his parents have it?
How does over-analysis deepen your mental illness?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
What can you do if you are scared of what to do when graduating/what to study, of getting depressed in post-secondary, and/or other fears?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorders murder?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
How do you deal with anxiety and depression syndrome?
What's the best way to get someone with borderline personality disorder (BPD) into treatment or Dialectical Behavior Therapy when they don't believe they have a problem in the first place?
Is there anyone here on Quora who can help me overcome depression?
What could this mental illness be?
Has anyone went to therapy thinking they have a mental illness and were really suffering, then found out they are fine and just exaggerating?
What goes wrong in early childhood development that could cause narcissistic personality disorder?
Is it true that Nobita was real and suffering from schizophrenia and that he imagined Doraemon?
What do you do if you love programming but it burns you out constantly?
What will happen to me mentally and physically if I continue to suppress my negative emotions?
How are you coping with your bipolar and are you getting good help?
What's that mental state called where you get a sudden rush of excitement?
What is the worst chronic disease to have? I think it's depression or anxiety. I have and have had many other serious illnesses.
How likely are voice hearers to commit suicide?
How can I live even though I am old and ugly and depressed?
What mental illnesses does David Wood suffer from?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
I have been having panic attacks since my breakup, will they ever stop?
How long does an average bipolar episode last?
Why doesn't the psychology community recognize psychopathy as different to ASDP?
Is this depression or anxiety I always feel restless and feel like crying?
How did you get diagnosed as a clinical psychopath, sociopath, or ASPD?
I feel very depressed and useless. How do I prevent suicide?
Is there a diagnosis for some who diagnoses everyone with out a degree or training?
Will my "depression" ever go away? I'm supposedly bipolar, and I say it that way because I feel that borderline mental illness might not be real.
I suffer from depression. Should I just give up?
Can reactive depression turn or evolve into clinical depression?
How can I help someone feeling worthless and depressed?
Is depression a genetic disease, or is it affected or triggered by environment?
Do malignant narcissists hoover after discarding you?
For psychotherapists with many decades of experience, what has changed and stayed the same in what clients have brought to therapy over the decades?
What sorts of thoughts run through your mind when you see a mentally disabled person?
Why does my social anxiety go away when I speak another language?
Can a bad childhood cause adult survivors to lie excessively and uncontrollably? Is it a mental disorder or just plain human nature?
Can meditation make you insane and mental?
How would you explain how it feels to not have a personality disorder to someone with a class B personality disorder?
How can I deal with stress, depression and boredom?
Are there any chemistry based or other objective tests for mental illnesses?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
What is it like to be in a relationship with a bipolar person?
What is the next therapy session like after a suicide attempt?
How can I ensure my overall mental development?
Centering on medical studies, are psychopaths born “as psychopaths” or is there always a contributing factor?
What is the scope for speech therapy?
Is there any good way to get rid of a fetish?
How can I get over stress and depression?
Is it hard to adjust to "the real world" if someone with a narcissistic personality disorder has recently recovered from the disorder?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
What happens if you leave a lingual hemangioma untreated?
Is social anxiety a mental disorder or a mindset?
Can someone with social anxiety become a psychologist?
Do psychopaths have different inherent reflexes/instincts?
I am depressed because my single mother keeps yelling at me all the time. What should I do?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
Should psychopaths who have committed violent crimes be held accountable for them?
Is narcissistic personality disorder a common personality disorder serial killers have?
Can depression cause constant chest discomfort?
If schizophrenia is a condition and not an illness, why can’t it be cured and not just managed?
What distinctions separate BPD and adult child symptoms?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
Is it possible to mentally prepare yourself for death?
Why do I get depressed when I'm on the Internet for a long time?
How can I break out of a mental loop?
Depression has made me a better person. Without trying to "get rid of it", what are some ways to manage it?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
How do you deal with anxiety/constantly not feeling good enough?
The recent news says that "Instagram is worst social media for young mental health". What's your honest opinion on this?
What do psychopaths think of sex?
How can I get medical help for my father with Alzheimer’s/dementia? What can we do to bring about his memory?
Are sadness and depression the same? What do you do to cope with them?
How do I overcome depression due to delay in getting pregnant?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
How does PTSD affect tenants in the home?
Does artificial intelligence affect our mental growth in a negative way?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have different personality disorders in each of his personalities?
Why do I feel anxious about a kiss?
Am I a sociopath? How do I know for sure?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
Can you get your looks back after depression?
How should one cope with the constant "slippage" back to depression particularly when meds poop out?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Will a full psychological test reveal a very suave covert narcissist's condition?
Aren't the people who aid & abet severely obese, bedridden family members mentally ill?
What should I do to keep myself from having more depression break downs?
Does a sociopath or psychopath's face truly morph when they transfer into one of their other personalities?
What makes you get over depression faster?
How do I cope with loneliness, homesickness, depression when studying abroad?
How do you explain that depression is a feeling, directed by brain chemistry, that doesn't go away no matter what action is taken?
How does one get a Psychiatric Service Dog?
Can a psychopath tell that they're a psychopath before they've been diagnosed?
Do people with depression feel depressed/empty all the time or sometimes it's strong and sometimes you can actually be happy?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
Why do people suffering depression push other people away?
Does Ayahuasca cure anxiety?
How do I help someone with body dysmorphic disorder?
How can I overcome my depression?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
What is the best actionable advice for someone who is struggling with depression?
Do psychopaths ever experience uncontrollable laughter?
I consciously employ influence psychology to get what I want, am I a psychopath?
Is it possible to have PTSD from something that was not sexual abuse or a physical threat?
How do teens with BPD act usually?
What disorder has symptoms like repetition of words, language problems (language is not clear), and emotional problems?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
What medications are prescribed when a person suffers from PTSD and severe anxiety?
Should bipolar disorder sufferers seek stability and routine above all else?
How many people reading this have been diagnosed with a Primary Immunodeficiency?
Have people completely recovered after depression?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
What’s it like to be a narcissist?
Do people abuse drugs and alcohol, or do drugs and alcohol abuse people?
Can mapping the human connectome lead to a concrete understanding of mental illness?
Isn’t it inevitable that people will scream or shout out at others, to reduce their mental stress?
How do you deal with anxiety and being ridiculed because you are trans?
What is insanity and at which point can a person be classified as "medically insane"?
What can a nurse do for psychiatric patients?
I am 30 years old. I am suffering from pure OCD. I just have obsessions and rare compulsions. I tried medicines, yoga, but nothing’s helping. What do I do?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
Scary thoughts are not letting me sleep. I have anxiety. How do I overcome irrational and scary thoughts?
Why do I feel the need to read about who were the victims after terror attacks?
How do I make myself better in just one month? How do I overcome my depression and make myself happy?
I want to be a music producer, but every time I come across an answer which has IIT in it, I feel depressed. What should I do?
How can I help my struggling classmate?
What are the best multivitamins to prevent Alzheimer's/dementia?
Are there any treatment centres that specialise in addiction and borderline personality disorder comorbidity?
Do you believe that estrogen therapy reduces physical strength in transwomen?
Who experiences euthymic/stable state longer? Schizophrenics or people with bipolar disorder?
What's the difference between sociopaths, psychopaths, narcissists, and a Machiavellian?
From any TV show, which characters do you believe have psychological disorders and why?
What have been the most helpful words or deeds in helping you to overcome mental problems?
Why do you feel the need to glorify your mental disorders as if it's something to boast and brag about?
Why does rain make me depressed? How do I get over it?
Do I have to accept the fact that I'm never going to overcome depression?
How do I beat exam stress?
The breathing techniques discovered by Wim Hof can help eliminate depression and anxiety, but can it send blood flowing to anywhere in the body?
How do I self harm?
What do you do when you're in the depressive state of BPD?
What are the best methods to improve Depression and anxiety without Meds?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How do I test for bipolar depression symptoms?
Is listening to music good or bad for our mental health?
What do psychopaths think of childhood abuse?
Does stable/euthymic state lasts longer in schizophrenia or bipolar disorder?
How can I get out of depression when it feels like nothing matters anymore and that no one actually cares?
Why do I get filled with negativity on certain days/times of the week?
How can I stop this nightly depression that is crushing me?
Being a victim of a Vyapam scandal is driving me crazy; I'm frustrated and depressed. I'm 23 and I have no degree. What should I do?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Does lithium really work for depression?
What is the best way to overcome a really traumatic experience?
Will somebody please shout out 3 awesome things about anyone you know with BPD? Can't we be good parents & friends, too? Can our loyalty be duly noted?
How do we regenerate an active mind which is under depression?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
What are the main challenges with patient feedback in mental health services?
Is it common for people with borderline personality disorder to be brutally honest even when it does them harm?
Is it normal to constantly and uncontrollably have a crush? Could it be a disorder?
Why do those with BPD blame others?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
What do you do if someone threatens to commit suicide?
If others cannot recover fully from depression then why and how can I?
Do anxiety/depression and sleep deprivation have the same side effects as weed?
What recent innovations have been made in the way psychologists think about and treat depression?
Does homeopathy work in OCD cases?
Can caffeine be used to treat ADHD in nursing mothers who were diagnosed after having children?
Does the thought of the average human life depress most people, i.e. eat, sleep, school, and work, etc.?
What are some of the best stories about schizophrenia?
I think I am depressed. What can I do?
Can Prednisone cause anxiety?
Why do I get so anxious when someone laughs at me?
What causes mental decompensation?
What are some ways to not let others disturb our mental peace?
Is writing to relieve OCD related anxiety counterproductive in this case?
What if a depressed person refuses to consult a doctor and refuses medication?
Has anyone been at the brink of sanity? How did you find your way out?
How can a severely mentally ill individual convince themselves that their life is worth living?
How do you lull a psychopath to sleep?
Is it hard to get into clinical mental counseling programs?
What are third wave behavior therapies?
What are the physical ways to reduce tension and anxiety before and during the exam days?
What is the difference between being lonely or depressed? How can one know?
The DSM. What good or bad has it done for mental health progress?
What are the ayahuasca health requirements?
Is it normal for anxiety sufferers to doubt their feelings for their partners in new relationships? I'm a long-time anxiety sufferer.
Can a sociopath be calm and avoid anger problems?
I've been sent to be assessed by a mental health team for anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy sub, what do I do?
Can second hand weed smoke cause panic and anxiety attacks?
What are some useful lists to commit to memory for mental/speed math?
What're the best ways to avoid a psychological disturbance?
Should a child born with a deformity (either mental or physical, or both) have the right to live in an already overpopulated world?
How do you deal with the fact that you might be a sociopath?
What were you depressed about?
What is the meaning of an obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD)?
How can I cope with the fact that there are insane people out there?
How can I commit suicide easily without hurting anyone?
Why are members of ISIS not in mental hospitals or prison?
What happens if an airline asks "is there a doctor aboard" and a mentally ill fraud gets up to "help" a heart attack victim, who is responsible?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Is eating only once a day a sign of an eating disorder?
Has anyone actually overcome depression and suicidal feelings?
Why are my coping mechanisms regressing?
What is specific social anxiety, and how can a person overcome it?
I’m a teenager with separation anxiety. What should I do?
What keeps suicidal people going?
Why do I keep having thoughts of suicide although I am perfectly right in the head (no depression, bipolar disorder, etc)?
Is drinking a sign of depression?
Where can I find a good psychologist in Jaipur for eating disorders?
How can I keep myself from feeling worthless and depressed?
Do people who hear voices ever hear useful information or positive things or are the voices always negative and delusional?
Am I mentally strong if I always hold my tears in front of other people?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager forever and improve my life?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
As an unemployee, how do you overcome the mental pressure?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Are all psychopaths good at lying?
How does one cope with stress in law school?
How can I defend myself from someone with a borderline personality disorder?
Should I seek mental help?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
Can you help a psychopath?
Are Northern Europe countries like Sweden the heaven for anti-social and non-ambitious people?
Do people with personality disorders often use words like "always" or "never"?
What is the similarities between God and psychopath/sociopath/narcissistic?
How can I get over my severe social anxiety enough to not mess up every relationship I have before they even have a chance to be something?
How does it feel to not have social anxiety?
What is the significance of the exposure therapy when treating phobias?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
Do you believe there is a major difference in recovery from mental illness for those of higher intellect?
How does a psychiatrist choose between diagnosing a patient with NPD versus a diagnosis as a sociopath?
Will a separation from your parents help you to get over depression?
After drinking, Dad doesn't talk properly to Mom and me. Conversing with him takes a mental toll on us. Should I isolate him from my world mentally?
Is the teenage depression hotline effective?
I remember hating people very quickly when I was a child. Why was that? Is it normal?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths ever fake cry, when getting in trouble as children?
Why is talking to self considered insane?
What are some good methods that can relieve you from anxiety?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
Why do people think that you are weak when you are depressed?
What are some immediate ways to help a panic attack?
What would happen if I was misdiagnosed as bipolar and took Seroquel for 3 nights (50m, 50mg, and 100mg) for this condition and for insomnia?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder ever feel remorse?
When does the onset of schizophrenia begin? Is it noticeable at first?
Are more people depressed than ever or am I incorrectly perceiving the world that way due to myself being so depressed?
What are some common traits that people confuse between psychopaths and sociopaths?
Does depression and mental illness affect growth in height?
Why do I self harm?
What are alternatives when therapy exacerbates rather than mitigates?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
Have you been peed upon by somebody else?
What is the best natural stress relief for ptsd?
Do other sociopaths also suffer from getting bored to fast from certain songs, they actually admire?
How do you manage things you can't control (like family issues, illness, etc)?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Is the feeling of being 'possessed' (not being able to control ones thoughts/feelings) a symptom of dissociative identity disorder or something else?
Did you struggle with depression as a teenager? Do you feel you still battle it as an adult?
Is there any help I can get regarding my mental health for free in Delhi?
How do psychopaths and people with ASPD deal with boredom?
Whenever life gets normal, I begin getting depressed again. How do you think I can prevent that or reduce the feeling?
How are the different types of mental disorders treated?
Is mental health an issue among Christians in America?
Why do some specialists give titles to the people that are suffering from a mental disorder if behaviours are changeable by own good will?
Do psychopaths make good shoplifters and are they better at it than neurotypicals?
Why is mental illness used as an excuse by some abusers?
How does it sound to have a professional guide to work you through any health problem you may have, or any health achievment you may want to reach?
Do people with borderline personality disorder get very jealous?
What is the relationship between synchronicity and personality disorders, like BPD?
What is the worst social media for young people's mental well being?
Are Avoidant Personality Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome possibly be both present?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
Why am I feeling anxiety about a kiss I did not consent to?
How do you know if you're a sociopath or just an ENTP with low empathy?
How do the different types of mental disorders affect people?
Are you supposed to not go to the light if you get a concussion? How come?
Why do I feel depressed after yoga?
Psychopaths, does it affect you that sometimes your actions and your involvement change an outcome of a situation?
Can I get some opinions on whether I should seek help?
Is nail biting a sign of psychological disorder like narcissism or psychopathy?
Do psychopaths ever have such a convincing mask that they even convince themselves?
Should I work on vulnerability, trust, anxiety and depression with an emotionally focused therapist or an IFS/EMDR therapist?
I got multiple 94–100% scores on tests to help assess if someone is a psychopath or not. What should I do?
Sometimes in our lives we get depressed. What are the different reasons for depression?
Does criticism become less painful for someone with BPD when they make progress in their disorder?
Can you be a sociopath without having severe trauma and having had a relatively normal life?
Is it possible to lead a meaningful life with a severe mental illness?
Is Dota 2 a fun and addicting game that can keep me restrained from thinking about depression?
What is the savest and "easiest" way to commit suicide?
Are there any methods (psychiatric or otherwise) that are proven to help with the symptoms of Narcissistic Victim Syndrome?
How can I find online help for depression?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths still like Hannibal, regardless of the wrong prescription of a psychopath?
What are some learning strategies for veteran students with TBI and PTSD?
What role can technology play in helping people who suffer from depression?
What are the things which can give you mental peace?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
Was depression a major issue for you before you came out to your family?
Can you go insane from an internet video?
When I read on Quora, it seems to me that everyone is so knowledgeable and I don't know anything, I feel depressed sometimes. What should I do?
Can overthinking past mistakes turn you into a depressed person?
How do I safely ask for help when I have a dependent personality disorder?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Are 'psychosomatic' issues a medically accepted condition? If so, how does it work? What is the frequency of occurrences? Are the symptoms real?
Which Naruto characters are sociopaths?
Why do some people tend to attract people with personality disorders into their life?
Can I end my OCD completely?
How can I avoid depression?
Does Will Graham from NBC's Hannibal fit the criteria for BPD?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
What can I do when neither therapy nor medication have helped my depression?
Is there any renowned economist with ADHD/ADD?
How would a person with Aspergers react to a sociopath stare?
What is the point of trying when people are bloodthirsty and crazy?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Can you sue someone if their stalking caused you to go psychotic?
Do gadgets help in overcoming depression? If so what apps/games you suggest?
What sort of mental issues does Trevor Phillips from GTA V suffer from?
What do you do when a therapist asks you to do an assignment, but you can't do it? Am I failing therapy?
Am I actually depressed? How should I seek help?
Is pain physically real or mentally?
I was left by a woman who couldn't understand that all I wanted was a trustworthy and loyal partner. Could my BPD been the cause of her infidelity?
A girl with signs of mental illness is accusing me of battery. What can I do?
Is there any scale to measure depression? What would make you decide that you are depressed?
I'm only fourteen, and I think I'm depressed. What do I do?
What do people who are unable to work (due to illness) do to fill their days?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
Can a person be cured of PTSD?
A lady has periodic mental phases. She speaks a lot during that and is very nonsensical and turns religious. What can the problem be?
What's the difference between cyclothymia and bipolar disorder?
Is it normal to feel mentally sick?
What factors contribute to the higher than average prevalence of depression in Belgium?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Why were people with mental illness abused in the past, and currently in some countries?
When it comes to prescribed medications to treat mental illness, what is the difference between being dependant and being addicted?
How would you commit suicide?
Do people with bipolar disorder during grandiose state behave like they know it all just like narcissists?
Why does love feel like I didn't take my anxiety meds?
What do I do to identify what type of narcissistic disorder I have?
What are alternatives to lorazepam to treat an anxiety disorder?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
What is OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder)?
How can you tell if I am bipolar?
Is it possible that part of my subconscious is depressed, while the rest of me is mentally healthy?
What are some simple tricks deal with anxiety?
Why can't I stand bright lights or loud noises?
I have depression and anxiety, and I failed out of college. What do I do now?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
Is a psychologist allowed to commit a patient to a psych ward?
Is a psychiatrist better at diagnosing mental illness than a layman?
How do career women influence the decline of family today?
What is the biggest panic attack you ever had?
What is mild bipolar disorder like?
How long can a person with bipolar disorder be active before he becomes completely disabled?
What is the best mood stabilizer for anxiety?
Is it possible for a sociopath to be an A-lister (that is, fit all the psychopathic categories, e.g., no emotion, ego-driven)?
Has anyone had social anxiety? How do you get over it?
If you wrote a letter to eating disorders, what would it say?
Is it better to have anxiety about something and yet do it well, or to have confidence but do it terribly?
I have to do an assessment for my mental health. What will happen if I don’t go?
How do psychiatrically diagnosed people feel about their diagnosis?
Are there any social clubs or groups of people to help gain confidence and rise from depression in Uttarakhand, India? Or are there any websites or online groups?
Why do people with schizoaffective disorder accuse their friends of doing things they haven't done?
How can anxiety make you sick?
How can I avoid lashing out when manic or depressed without cutting myself off from everyone?
Is masturbation bad for mental health?
If a person has BPD and bipolar, how can you see a manic or depressive episode with the mood swings from BPD at the same time?
My husband committed suicide recently. I need therapy and meds. Are there psychologists or psychiatrists that you can talk to via phone?
What can I do to cope with depression if I don't have access to a therapist?
What do you do if you feel depressed and suicidal and have no one to talk to?
Why do I get hyper whenever my depression breaks?
How do you deal with feeling depressed about politics and current affairs?
If a mental illness is impacting your job performance, does it make sense to talk to HR or your manager about it? What are the risks?
What is the best treatment​ for anxiety​?
I have been diagnosed recently with borderline persoanlity disorder and I have been feeling that I made everything up. Is it common to feel that way?
I have uneasy feeling in area above umbilicus, nausea and frequent defecation along with fear. Does it mean I have anxiety?
How do I overcome my anxiety of what my future beholds after a chronic disease?
What benefit does a psychopath find in building a relationship with someone if they don't really feel anything toward them?
Are psychiatrists fully authorized to purchase psychoactive drugs?
How could anyone have believed that D'angelo Barksdale committed suicide after seeing the crime scene?
Can you trigger a panic attack without thinking about the source of your stress?
Can I be highly intelligent without a high education?
What defines someone as a psychopath?
How best can one deal with depression?
How do Psychopaths see their own "friends"?
Is anxiety all in the mind?
Is it common that people with bipolar disorder suffer from memory problems as well?
I'm an 18 year old (guy) ENTP that has OCD, Social anxiety disorder, and ADD. Is this common for an ENTP, or did I just lose the genetic lottery?
Can purely psychological factors cause schizophrenic symptoms?
How is mental illness more dangerous than physical illness?
How do I regain the emotional connection with people again after recovering from depression?
Should a person tell others their mental health diagnosis?
If you tell a psychologist that you’re suicidal, can they place you in a psych ward?
When I do not understand something, I feel that it should be something stupid. Do I have a mental illness?
Can you turn yourself into a sociopath, or at least, a cold blooded, heartless person?
What is the latest medical research on bipolar 1 disorder?
How do I stop my depression and get better grades as a teenager?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
Can a person be psychopath if he thinks of harassing someone for no reason and cries a lot?
Do the police in America (the NYPD, for example) accept candidates with mental health issues?
Why is the role played by psychotherapy in the treatment of a personality disorder?
Can a person who is bipolar ever see the real truth?
Does depression cause you to experience feelings of shame and other upsetting emotions without outside provocation?
Do people who can turn their empath qualities on and off exist although they are not psychopaths?
How do you motivate a person who is in extreme depression and not willing to take any advice?
What should I do to combat depression?
What does Athena Walker think is the reason when neurotypicals or psychopaths become bad, abusive, and otherwise nasty people?
Why are there people with colonial mentality?
Can you be spiritual and OCD?
Psychopaths, has someone ever seen through your mask? If so, how did you react?
Can a psychologist commit you to a psych ward or can only a psychiatrist commit you?
What is the connection point between alexithymia and depression?
How does the health insurance repeal affect mentally ill persons, specifically homeless mentally ill persons?
How would you describe an obsessive-compulsive personality disorder from a psychoanalytic perspective?
If someone is depressed, what are the chances someone else in their family is too?
Are people with NPD and/or BPD capable of sentimentality? Is it common for them to reminisce?
I have an anxiety disorder and have a task trained service dog. How do I go about finding colleges that will allow this?
Is depression a disease or a psychological concept?
What is “meditation”? How does meditation work for mental stress and depression?
What is the best way to commit suicide and not die?
Is rage in bipolar disorder considered a symptom or a coping mechanism?
How do psychopaths feel when people tell them that they should be compassionate?
Do you know of any women with fibrocystic breast disease who have increased pain due to depression and other mental health issues?
What would you think of your future if you had a mom who had just committed suicide for depression?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
Which are few examples of scientists with personality disorders?
How can you tell if you’re a psychopath?
Are there any strange or paradoxical responses to antidepressants that occur in people with personality disorders?
How can I deal with anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, PTSD, being an introvert and shy?
Is being a psychopath a clear advantage in the corporate world?
How can I deal with, and help my spouse who suffers from a major depression that is sometimes manic?
How did you react to your parents death?
Can a normal person increase his mental capacity to a great level, meaning memory, creativity, etc.?
Shouldn't the addiction that many people have to their cell phones be considered a mental illness?
What should I do if I’m suffering from depression and my younger sister is aware of this fact but still she doesn't understand me or even respect me?
Do psychopaths think there is any inherent value in humanity?
After 42 years, is it normal to become so sick of my BPD and the damage I do that suicide is the only solution for relief?
How do you cope with a mad, psychotic person?
Why it is nearly impossible to run a school or NGO for mentally retarded children in India?
What if the voices in my head tell me they're not real, but just a product of a mental condition?
How can CIWA scale be used to rule out psychotic disorder?
Does psychotherapy really help overcoming depression?
Does adderal tolerance ever go away?
What are the best methods to refresh your brain to its initial max capacity from a depressed state?
How do you cope at age 64 with the fear, worry, depression, financial uncertainty, and devastation of a job loss?
Why does cold water cause panic if it doesn't hurt?
Are there foods that can ease or worsen depression?
How can I get medication for ADD?
What is social anxiety? How do you distract yourself from it?
Should a young doctor with schizoid personality disorder choose their specialty according to the personality disorder?
What links clinical depression with losing the will to live?
What steps should an introvert take to get out of depression?
Can God take away my anxiety?
I'm depressed. I'm not going to end my life, but if I were to pass away, my loved ones will get $3M dollars in life insurance. Why should I continue?
What are the best way to fight depression naturally?
What is the social experience of a psychopath?
What do I do to get out of depression and work towards the life I want for myself?
How do I deal with anxiety before the exam results declaration?
At age 22, how do I deal with depression and suicidal feelings?
How do I convince my parents that my depression and anxiety aren’t a choice and that I need therapy before they get worse?
How do I overcome depression as a teenager?
Can a lobotomy cause sociopathy or psychopathy?
What is the best ayurvedic destination for treatment of depression and anxiety?
Is suicide the answer to severe anxiety?
Can I get over PTSD and anxiety without medication?
Why does Quora allow so many questions that passive-aggressively stigmatize mental illness?
Is despair an affliction or a sin? Or something else?
How often do people with paranoid schizophrenia hear voices? Also, I don't understand how people don't realize they're hallucinating?
How can I use desensitization to help myself through a panic attack?
What mental health illnesses or disorders can alcohol cause?
Is there evidence that depression and social anxiety kill a person's creativity?
How do I stop being depressed and find a reason to live?
Are there any medications that specifically target the physical side of a panic attack?
Are you an entrepreneur experiencing health issues such as chronic fatigue, depression, anxiety?
Why does marijuana cause anxiety?
Can I get good, worthwhile treatment from a psychiatrist remotely, i.e. over the telephone or Skype?
Could anxiety medication help me get through an existential crisis?
Will having a condition like nocturia disqualify you from being an astronaut for NASA?
Do girls get anxiety about pregnancy during unprotected sex?
What was it like when you were first diagnosed with PTSD?
My depression has brought me to a point where I am about to fail a subject and thus ruin my life. How do I deal with that?
Why do most normal people not care about depressed people, even when they are very close relatives or friends?
Is there really something like depression?
How can you get BPD?
What is your X-Men superpower?
What mentality is she suffering from?
I’m 21 and got a new job in road construction for a change in my life/atmosphere and money. Will my mental health be negatively impacted by the long hours with less sleep?
Should we really care if people get "triggered" by media or content?
How do you know that you are not going into depression?
How do some people with bipolar disorder manage life without treatment?
What are some societally necessary jobs that significantly damage those performing them? (physically or mentally)
Can a person be popular and be mentally ill?
Why are psychopaths attracted to the INFJ personality type?
Can a doctor have a personality disorder?
Why do I have severe anxiety when there's nothing to worry about?
What is Harsha Bhogle's opinion on maintaining physical and mental health in a youngster's life?
How do psychopaths keep their masks clean?
Have you ever had a partner who suffered dependant PD and Avoidant PD? How did you manage?
Where do I draw the line between introspection and staying in my head?
What is Trump's mental health?
Why does sleep deprivation help depression?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
After treatment starts for bipolar disorder, is it normal for hazy memories and situations from the past to become clearer?
What are some drugs used to make mental patients sleep?
Do all alcoholics have memory problems?
Should I tell my teacher I am depressed?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
How can you psychopaths describe it when you don't know anything to compare it with?
How do I tell others that I have depression without feeling guilty?
Do people in prodromal phase of Schizophrenia know that they are getting sick?
Is medication necessary for BPD?
How do I take advantage of depression and get better grades?
How will a psychopath react when a deep dark secret is revealed by someone he feels is beneath him?
Why did Robert Clive commit suicide?
How can I tell if I'm actually depressed and have anxiety or if I am just going through a "teen phase"?
What should I do if my enemy has depression and she has nobody to help her?
Does anyone in India consult therapists or seek psychological counseling?
Which is a better world: bipolar or multipolar? How?
Could a high-functioning schizoid live as a pseudo-psychopath (logical control over his actions, low or no emotions and empathy)? What would the differences be?
What are some interesting facts about psychopathy in relation to IQ?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
What brought you to depression, can you talk about it and would you dare to share your story?
Do female psychopaths exist?
Can I recover from a lifetime of abuse? I'm mostly a fun and happy person but have my walls up and can't grieve or react normally to stress /conflict.
How many of you have thought of committing suicide, and why? And what stopped you from going ahead?
Can you make yourself manic?
Depression and anxiety has driven me to become extremely shy and dumb as well as the development of hyperhidrosis. What should I do?
What are the differences between having a very anxious-preoccupied attachment style and suffering from BPD?
How come a narcissist can't apologize or realize they are wrong?
How do I deal with my 26 year old brother that is immature but also suffers from intense depression?
Are there any 'unreasonable' reasons for depression?
Was PTSD something that affected Vietnamese veterans?
Do psychopaths understand irony?
What is mental decompensation, and how do you deal with it?
How do I control stress?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
Why are depressed people more realistic?
Is there at least one atheist or agnostic psychotherapist, counselor, psychiatrist, or other mental health professional working in Nairobi?
Can you be suicidal but not depressed?
Why did Hannah commit suicide?
How can one effectively (to an extent) emulate psychopathy?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
Psychopaths and sociopaths, how did you react when you were first diagnosed with this "disorder" and what were your first thoughts on it?
How can I prevent acute stress disorder?
Can a person have both bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder at same time?
Why hasn't my mother been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
Is there a thing as being too ugly to make friends?
How do you prevent mental decompensation?
All of a sudden I've started feeling depressed. What should I do?
What do psychopaths think about Adolf Hitler?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
How do you deal with suicidal people?
What are the stupidest reasons for commiting suicide?
How can anxiety make you feel weak?
How do you tell an NPD parent that they are NPD and still have a relationship?
How do therapists feel when it turns out the person they had committed to a mental hospital returns worse off than when they entered?
Just how mentally ill do psychologists and therapists believe Trump to be?
Can poverty be related to psychological disorder? (In any possible way)?
If mental illness is a result of cerebral chemical imbalances, why aren't diagnoses done by neuroimaging conjuncted with psychological evaluation?
Would a lo- functioning psychopath murder you if you attempted to take revenge against them?
What not to say to a narcissist?
What is the most severe thing a bipolar/schizophrenic person has ever done to you?
Could I have mold poisoning without "allergy symptoms"? I have severe anxiety and brain fog and mildly elevated liver enzymes. How can I get tested?
How do I help a friend who is suicidal but terrified of therapists?
Is Sigmund Freuds' dream interpretation still relevant in modern psychology and determining causes for mental illness?
Do high-functioning psychopaths understand rules and laws and understand why we follow them?
How do you handle stress when you have clinical anxiety?
What are the best therapy protocol to treat anxiety?
What is a temporomandibular disorder?
Are there better medications for OCD on the horizon?
What is a sociopathic child like?
In the UK, what is the legal/medical term for a high functioning psychopath or someone who has those traits?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
How do you warn someone, who is a decent human being, that they’re involved with a narcissist?
I am 17 and I have ADHD, and I am in an environment that doesn't believe in psychological problems, what do I do? Where do I go from here?
Why do I get depressed when I get anxious about something? My fiancé will be on a different shift soon, right now I'm upset, but nothing has happened.
In Islam, life and death are in God's hands alone, then why are people able to commit suicide?
Did the person who killed John Lennon have any mental illness?
Is this PTSD or self obsession? I am a survivor of CSA and can't stop the events and details of the abuse from playing in my head.
I suspect my girlfriend has BPD. I accidentally mentioned that I wanted a break up, but we didn't. She's ignoring me, now. What should I do?
Can spirituality cause derealization?
Do I have anxiety disorder when I told my mom I was ill so I didn't have to go to school since I would've been late and I would be stared at in class?
Do psychopaths have anything to compensate for their lack of emotions?
I am getting depressed due to my parents. They treat me so badly. What should I do?
I've been having some anxiety issues since last year though I don't think I need to consult a doctor for this. How can I get over this?
Am I responsible for my depression?
How can I tell if I suffer with BPD rather than just a preoccupied attachment style?
Why are so many people on Quora depressed?
How would someone self harm in the summer?
Is the way Christians relate to suffering different from the way in which people with other belief systems relate to suffering?
Are there any good psychotherapists in Delhi?
What is the most terrifying mental illness one could experience that they are still aware of, that isn't acute schizophrenia?
What does it feel like to be ill?
What feeling do psychopaths have if someone is threatening to make them blind and cut both of their hands and both of their legs, and the threat is real?
Is Demi Lovato really bipolar manic and depressed?
Would someone with the ability to vividly dream & remember most of it to the point it uses most of their actual life away be considered mentally ill?
What shall I do if I feel depressed from being alone?
Can we heal a depressed person with reiki?
What “reasonable adjustments” can my occupational health report make?
I feel depressed at times, but perfectly fine. My depression comes along at sporadic times, usually small things sparking it. Am I bipolar?
Can I become a therapist if I have social anxiety?
Why would someone admit to another that they have been diagnosed with NPD?
Do we have an online bipolar help?
How can I tell if I am experiencing genuine kundalini or psychosis/schizophrenia?
Why should I live if mental illness ruined my life?
What are the cures for anxiety and depression?
How does it feel when some people demonize people who are diagnosed with NPD so cruelly?
Who in a narcissists life is his primary, secondary etc. supply sources?
How do I deal with my depressed partner?
What are the implications of psychotherapy?
How can you beat depression without the help of others?
I am depressed at school, what can I do?
How can we get longterm relief from depression without medication?
Why is being highly creative/intelligent often associated with mental illness?
Is grandiosity a symptom of psychosis?
What are my options for chronic pain that just won't go away using regular pain meds? It's making my depression and anxiety worse.
What can I do if I'm trauma bonded with my ex-narcissist?
Are murderers with mental illnesses simply discharged?
Can a T.B.I. cause schizophrenia or a psychosis?
What do you think of Onision's video "10+ Signs You're A Psychopath"?
Is it possible to make a psychopath angry and lash out?
Can narcissists (NPDs) feel affective empathy when they have accomplished their narcissistic supply?
What is the best way to put a narcissist in his place?
Is there a difference between depression and major depressive disorder or MDD?
How can I hide from others that I'm a psychopath?
Do you think psychopaths use Quora to refine their masks and if so why? If they allowed themselves free reign would law-abiding psychopaths kill?
What is going on inside a stalker's head?
Do separations in life affect the risk of developing schizophrenia?
Are the symptoms of bipolar caused from circumstances in life? E.g., is mania just a result of happy circumstances and depression from sad circumstances?
How did you survive the emotional fallout from being manipulated by a malevolent sociopath?
I'm 25 and I keep thinking about the past a lot. It makes me depressed. How do I put it to rest and move forward?
I'm depressed and no one will listen to me. What can I do?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
Does a person suffering from NPD know that they have NPD?
Is the feeling I'm feeling depression or something else?
What happens when you get diagnosed with anti-social personality disorder/psychopathy? What tests are involved, time length, etc.?
Is it possible that Hitler had PTSD?
Was Keith Moon ever diagnosed with mental illness?
What would a psychopath’s "world" be like if he/she didn't have to conform to ours?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
How many different types of narcissism are there and what are they?
How should I enjoy the life if I have some mental disorders like autism?
Is there a rehabilitation center in B. M. Institute of Mental Health, Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Does being diagnosed with a mental disorder as a teenager affect the chance of becoming an astronaut?
Why would one be so active, enthusiastic, overthink constantly, and be unable to sleep for more than 5 hours?
Is there any psychotherapist online for counselling? Who is the best?
How do I support my depressed dad?
What kind of personality do you have to have to stay with a narcissist?
What are some tips to combat mental fatigue after long periods of focusing?
Can you get over anxiety without medication?
How can one expose a likely malignant narcissist to authorities and other trained professionals when children are on the line?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Can an overly childish person who seemingly takes nothing seriously and enjoys the misfortune of others be a sociopath?
Have you heard of a propofol pill used to help with trauma and PTSD from narcissistic abuse?
Is It possible for someone whos been diagnosed with bipolar to also have NPD?
What does mental toughness help you with, or having a strong mentality? Are they the same thing?
Is there another difference between bipolar type 1 and type 2 besides the severity of the two disorders?
I have a powerful urge to jump off my balcony. I'm not suicidal but the urge is so powerful, that it makes me panic. What is wrong with me?
May is Mental Health Month, so why place a label on people? Why is there such a stigma?
What is the difference between emetophobia and OCD?
What stops a narcissist carrying out a smear campaign?
Why are drama teachers so insane?
Can OCD be treated with medication?
What would happen if everyone fell into a deep depression?
Why am I usually depressed during most of the day and feel much better in the evenings?
If you feel the need to see a professional in relation to your mental health, does that mean you don't really need the help to begin with?
What can I do for someone who has depression?
Is Onision a psychopath?
My father thinks my clinically diagnosed ADHD is fake and has been prohibiting me from getting medicine. What should I tell him?
Why do I zone out so often and is it a cause for worry?
What are some key differences between different severities of ADHD? Mild-moderate-severe?
How likely are schizophrenics to commit suicide?
How can we tell if a client is suffering from BPD rather than being extremely anxious-preoccupied?
Does having unwanted suicidal thoughts put me in danger?
Are mental disorders more than just behavior habits?
What kind of therapy would you suggest when recovering from the trauma of a BPD/NPD relationship?
Do psychopaths ever commit/consider suicide?
What are some tips to cope with social anxiety?
If someone told a therapist that they had been spoken to by god, how would they be diagnosed?
Should I see a therapist for occasional depression/grief and insecurity in relationships?
Should I tell my parents that I smoke so they can support me in the quitting process?
Is Pranic Healing effective in curing social anxiety?
How would a psychopath react to a killer clown with a machete walking up to him/her?
How did psychopaths react to having a child?
What is homosexual obsessive compulsive disorder (HOCD)?
What is the relationship between being a talented artist and depression?
What is bipolar? How does it feel? Because I’m not sure if I suffer from it.
Is it possible to develop psychopathic traits as a response to your environment?
Does the narcissist ever forgive?
What circumstances makes someone go to a mental health professional to then be diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
What will psychopaths do to someone who succeeded to make them blind, lose both of their hands and legs and let them live that way?
Is Abbas Naderi a psychopath?
How can a bipolar induce sleep during a manic phase without an anti manic?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
Is 'compulsive lying' a medical disorder?
Do people with bipolar disorder find that their creativity decreases or is lost due to the effects of psychiatric medication?
What do I do when I'm ugly and want to commit suicide?
How can I help my partner understand my depression and anxiety?
How does it feel to fail AIPMT/NEET for the fourth time? I feel very depressed.
Who's worse than a psychopath?
How we can reduce suicide while under depression?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
Do we have any responsibility towards depressive people, and how do we fulfill this?
Why is mental illness criminalized?
If someone killed a person in a psychopath’s inner circle, would the psychopath kill them, if given the chance? Or would he simply let the authorities handle it?
How do I get better grades in high school and stop being depressed about them?
If one hears sounds that aren't real and sees imaginary people, is he mentally ill or is he experiencing some supernatural powers?
Are narcissists patient when targeting their victims?
What causes mental weakness?
Is it possible that my OCD is getting worse even if my mood is getting a lot better?
Are there any mental diagnoses that require the victim to be held in an establishment?
How many people suffer from mild depression globally?
Which books should I read to help get rid of panic attacks?
I’m 15 and have severe trust issues. Should I talk to a teacher (who has recently been asking if something’s wrong) about my mom being mentally abusive towards me?
How do games affect a child’s mental growth?
What neurotypical behaviors are most puzzling to psychopaths?
How do I know whether my forgetfulness, restlessness and inability to pay attention is due to depression or ADHD?
How can I divert my attention from a life problem which causes depression?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
What should I do to get rid of loneliness? How can I learn to control it mentally?
What are the ways to get out of stress and depression?
How bad is Japan’s Princess Masako's "adjustment disorder" illness affecting her life & personality?
How can an average person mentally change mind to improve himself?
How can you convince your parents to get you diagnosed as a psychopath/sociopath?
How can you start to rebuild your life (particularly around relationships) after a long period of depression?
Do people with BPD ‘love bomb’ like narcissists?
What percent of people who struggle with anxiety/depression as adults came from an abusive childhood, and why do you think that is?
I'm 29 years old and feel the angriest I have ever been right now. What is the best thing for me to do?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
Can someone die from depression alone?
What would happen if I stopped taking all my bipolar medicines?
Is anime safe for people with depression?
My parents are never going to accept the fact that I'm in severe depression who needs a treatment. What should I do?
How can I check to see if my mental health is good?
Can people with NPD be cured or is there a treatment?
Does flat head affect mental ability?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
What are some strategies to have better resistance to mental abuse?
Would a covert narcissist ever give up finding supply because he feels he ruins people's lives?
What are the ways to overcome depression after failing consecutive exams even after working hard for it?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
How can you tell if a cat is mentally challenged?
Can I go to new psychiatrist if I've just filled a prescription, but am not happy with my old doctor's diagnosis?
Can a person have both schizoid and avoidant personality disorder?
Learning how to program is making me depressed, why?
What are some ways to relax your mind out of all of your anxiety and stress?
What's the most common symptom of manic episode?
What's the difference between psychotic paranoia and true paranoia?
Dear psychopaths/sociopaths, do you think it's possible to feel and simultaneously be "completely" logical?
What symptoms does a person with Pellagra have?
How do I know if I damaged myself by taking a low dose of risperidone for 5 months?
How do people who suffer from borderline personality disorder and narcissism at the same time differ from people who suffer from borderline only?
How do I write an appeal letter to get into the Army Reserves when failing on the medical for recurrent depression (very mild)?
What narcissistic trait do BDP men have?
What are the types of panic disorders?
Is it possible to suffer from PTSD after being let go from a job, without warning, after 20 years?
Can someone with schizoaffective be originally misdiagnosed with boderline personality disorder?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
What I am supposed to say to a clinician if I think I'm in depression?
Can I cure a derealization disorder by not thinking about the things that caused it?
How successful would a matchmaking algorithm that would pair people up with similar mental characteristics and uniform choices?
How do I get one free psychotherapy session?
Should I use social anxiety pills? If yes, what are they called?
How do you perceive people with BPD?
Can bipolar disorder be self diagnosed?
What effect may a FTM transition have on my friend's anxiety, depression, and gender dysphoria?
Have you ever wished for depression? Why or why not?
Is it ridiculous if an adult gets relieved from anger and despair by self-harm?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
How do I get away from depression? I just came out of a depression but now once again it has hit me.
Whom do we call mentally retarded?
How successful can one be in their recovery from schizophrenia if the person is unaware of their mental illness?
Do covert narcissists really think THEY are the ones being subjected to toxic, gaslighting, crazy making people or do they know they are projecting?
Does anti-psychotic medication actually cure the problem, or does it just "mask " the illness to make a human seem "normal " in society's eyes?
How do I deal with my daughter who has narcissistic personality disorder?
What should a boy do if he is suffering from a mobile addiction?
How common is the feeling of guilt for someone who has bipolar disorder?
Who thinks that Alexis Ren has an eating disorder?
What are the best meds to combat severe anxiety?
Are young people committing suicide in North America in higher numbers or are we just hearing about it more?
Is looking in the mirror a lot at yourself a sign of bipolar mania? Is it just like narcissism, or is it both narcissism and mania?
What are better treatments for anxiety that should be taken?
Can people have to much stress to lead to a breaking point?
Why can't I stop an obsession with someone, why won't my mind move on if I already have physically? Is this an uncontrollable mental illness?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
What is the best thing I can do to ease the feeling of people with depression or anxiety?
Does the television series “13 Reasons Why” glorify suicide?
What is OCD and how to treat it?
Why do people want to be psychopaths? Or have any mental illness for that matter?
How can I cope with day and night bruxism due to anxiety and stress until I can see a doctor about it?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
Why does anxiety cause tiredness?
Is it true that people suffering from personality disorders like psychopathy and narcissism have a high tolerance for physical pain?
How come my mother displayed narcissistic behavior to my husband and not to other people?
What are the chances of me getting bipolar disorder since my birth mom has it, and is there a way I can make my chances lower?
Am I a psychopath if I have the actual urge to kill someone?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, should we help him do it, or should we try to change his mind?
How would a psychopath with less of the wiring act?
What lifestyle changes should I make to cope with anxiety?
Do I have Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
What exactly is eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), and how likely is it to help with PTSD?
What makes depression so scary?
How can we eliminate the mental illness stigma?
Does someone on antidepressants behave like a mental person?
I am feeling really hopeless, what shall I do?
Do psychopaths use pets as implements for their masks?
What can I do from here? I'm not exactly depressed. How can I go about finding a spiritual path?
Is it possible for some psychopaths to have shallow empathy/remorse or is the underdevelopment of the amygdala an all or nothing situation?
What is the best time table or daily routine for maintaining mental and physical health for a family person?
What is the difference between delusional disorders and psychosis due to drug abuse and sleep deprivation?
What do you think about Waldo Bernasconi and Neo-Reichian analytic psychotherapy, the therapy of five motions? Is it scientific?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
Is there any psychiatric condition in which the patient tends to help others?
What is the worst thing that could come from intense anxiety?
From an atheist perspective, can we consider religious practices as a mental disorder?
What do people say who come out from depression?
Which is the best way to quit psychodynamic psychotherapy?
What can I do to stop being a schizoid?
How badly do people with BPD experience paranoia?
Today, I found out that my 12-year-old sister started cutting herself off from my mom. How can I help my sister or be useful to her in some way?
Is there a lifestyle that exists in America, where I can refuse psychiatric treatment?
I am so depressed at this moment. What should​ I do?
What are some hobbies that are both physically and mentally engaging?
Can untreated OCD lead to schizophrenia?
Does sleep affect mental health?
How does an affected person define depression?
Why do highly intelligent people often suffer from mental illnesses?
Is there an herb for hearing voices?
How do I approach or set up an appointment for bipolar disorder? I was diagnosed in 2013, but I never continued treatment.
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
How long does euthymia last in bipolar disorder?
3 years ago, I ended an abusive relationship. At times, I still have PTSD symptoms. Is it normal, and will it ever go away on its own?
How can people with borderline personality disorder handle the death of a loved one?
What is the best cure for 'Performance anxiety'?
Can depression make someone a criminal?
Why are narcissists untrustworthy?
What are ways to suppress depression, without taking drugs?
How can you learn to make good small but hard everyday choices (e.g. avoiding sweets on a diet, etc.), governing your feeling-thought-action dynamics?
Do you know any interesting case of faking a disorder?
Is it questionable to administer risperidone to non-psychotic patients?
Would some jobs be forbidden for me if I would go to a therapist who might diagnose ASPD on me?
I am 100% sure that I have ASPD, I want to go to a therapist but I don't want my mother to know, what should I do?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
Did Kierkegaard have obsessive compulsive disorder?
Is it possible to experience anxiety and depression if you are an atheist?
Is mental illness an actual physical illness, or is it merely abstract?
Why does depression lead to doing more drugs?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
How can one deal with siblings who talk down to you, or bully you, because of past mental health issues?
What can I do to stop anxiety while driving?
Can one catch schizophrenia from raising a kid with schizophrenia?
Can you tell me how mania, the mental illness, can kill you?
How can I overcome shaking anxiety when getting an eye exam, getting a hair cut, or taking pictures (by another person)?
Without having a mental illness, what are other reasons a person might experience "voices"?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
Does the government offer medical licenses to aspirants who are diagnosed with psychiatric conditions?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
How can I control distractions which I encounter during depression or overloaded happiness?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Is high functioning depression real? Where can I get professional information online?
Can an autistic person become a sociopath?
Do psychopaths get bored really easy since they can't feel fear or get much of an adrenaline rush? What do they do to keep themselves entertained?
Besides the obvious medications and therapy, what activities, supplements, decisions, etc. have helped you live a meaningful life despite having BPD?
Do therapists look up your mental health chart?
Have you had thoughts of suicide?
How can I work while being depressed?
Are spiritual people more prone to depression?
Why am I so addicted to procrastination?
Is there any part of psychopathy that psychopaths would change? If they were reborn, would they choose to be a psychopath or neurotypical?
How common is abuse in mental institutions?
Is numbness a sign of mania?
How can I convince my parents I am not depressed or self harming?
Are Alzheimer’s, Parkinson's, and Cataracts preceded by serious mental confusion?
What is the experience of people having undergone hypnotism for depression?
How long do people go see a psychiatrist?
Why is my therapist sending me birthday messages with hugs and love instead of asking me why I terminated therapy abruptly?
How can those who have mental disorders understand spirituality?
How will they diagnose dissociative identity disorder professionally? Do they run any machines or do they just ask questions and provide surveys?
What are the common traits of people who have suffered from emotional trauma?
Why mental health matters to global health?
Can methylphenidate cause permanent bipolar disorder?
Does anxiety always develop into depression?
Am I right to assume that all psychopaths are rich or at least not poor since they are master in manipulation and always get what they want?
What is the difference between an INFP-T and an INFP-A that has bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or both?
What are my options if I can't afford a psychological evaluation?
Do my parents have to be notified if I want to see a therapist privately?
Is anxiety linked to baldness?
Did fMRI & other similar technologies destigmatize psychiatric disorders since we can view them as medical conditions & not the fault of the patient?
I suffer from BPD. I am so vindictive. How can I quit hurting other people?
Does seeing a therapist and taking antidepressants help depression and anxiety?
Where can I find more information on a psychological therapy method called "rescue therapy"?
What is a psychopath with blindsight like?
What are ways to overcome anxiety in women?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
There is a sense of depression and you don't know the reason behind it. What do you do?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, what is the best method to help him change his mind?
What would be safe to take for ADD, anxiety, focus and depression?
What are some signs that psychological therapy/counseling is "working"?
Is it normal to be depressed and self-conscious even though you've never been bullied?
Are there any circumstances where I shouldn't tell my psychologist something?
Does insanity always have a physiological background?
I think I have bipolar disorder and I'm scared to tell my parents. What should I do?
Are mentally organized people more likely to appear disorganized because they can easily deal with disorganized information?
How bad does an event need to be to shatter a 6-9-year-old's innocence?
How do I help my depressed brother?
Can BPD be cured?
Why don't the mentally ill want to admit that they're sick and need help? I am asking because this help could be life-saving.
Who would benefit from talking to a psychologist? Everyone or only the mentally ill?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
What are the best (stand out) apps for meditation, mental health and well-being?
What is the best strategy for those whose therapy sessions are limited? My insurance only covers 10 sessions a year.
How do you know you need counselling, medication, or psychotherapy?
How can someone tell if they have anxiety?
How would a narcissist survive in solitary confinement?
Is autism seen in a similar way as mental illness?
What happens in therapy for dissociative identity disorder?
As a mental health professional, what are some key things you do for self-care?
Why do people with borderline personality disorder have self identity issues?
Are psychopaths purely instinctive the way animals are?
I am seeing animal shadows and hallucinations. I hope that I’m not going to lose my mind. Are there others with this kind of problem?
Why are so many people becoming so sensitive about life and relationships (both physically and mentally) and committing suicide nowadays?
What are some projects or initiatives that you are working on to reduce the stigma associated with mental illness?
Does a doctor (other than a psychiatrist) with depression treat his depression by himself?
Is it wrong to feel constant depression?
What do psychopaths think of the Hare psychopathy checklist?
How should one deal with the stress and depression when he is failing and his colleagues are succeeding?
Why can't I focus on my schoolwork?
Is it selfish to dwell on your own mental health issues when family members rely on you to be strong?
How do people deal with mental health problems?
Can a person be both bipolar and schizophrenic?
How do I cope up with depression? I'm not sure if it's depression or sadness or if I am generally like this.
What advice would mental health professionals give to a young adult considering this field of work?
What is the average length of a relationship with a psychopath?
Did Hitler have a mental disorder or something?
What should I do if I am suffering from depression, but I don't have money for a therapist?
What are examples of environmental factors in mental health?
What comorbid effects are typical of persons with mania, PTSD, and autism combined?
What poems are representative of the subject of mental illness?
How can I deal with a person who mentally harasses me and then becomes silent, and this routine continues?
Does borderline personality disorder affect memory?
Do all people who self-harm have problems, or are they doing this just because they see that others are doing it?
Was committing suicide the right thing for Hannah Baker to do? Why?
I used to hear things that weren't really there every night until I moved to a different house. I don't hear them any more. What is this?
I feel highly depressed ATM. I tried to find something to bring me out of darkness, but nothing worked. What should I do now?
What are techniques to overcome traumatic experiences?
I hate my PhD advisor, because he does not appreciate me. How do I stop getting affected by him so much?
As a psychopath, what are your greatest pleasures in life?
How popular is psychotherapy in Japan?
Can graffiti help you cope with OCD?
I feel normal when my mind is distracted, but when I have nothing to do, I go crazy and feel suicidal. Is this normal?
What are the symptoms of a child with depression?
What are some symptoms of compulsive exercise disorder?
Will I get a panic attack if I drink alcohol?
I know very short moments of perceived out-of-body-experiences. Does that mean I have a clinical form of dissociative disorder?
If you have seen a therapist years ago and returning to therapy, how do you introduce this information about previous psychologists or counselors?
Can love sickness cause bipolar disorder?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
What are the most common types of psychotherapy, and how do they relate to specific mental health issues?
Is it normal to have thoughts about children?
Psychopaths show a lack of fear, but is it a complete lack? Does anything make them afraid?
What do you do when someone you love has a secret eating disorder, how do you confront them?
How can I recover from anhedonia after discontinuing antipsychotics?
When adversities mentally pressure us, what mental processes get affected? For example, 'thinking' and 'understanding' are not that easy for me when under mental pressure.
Why am I always anxious when I take notes?
How do I stop panic/anxiety attacks that happen in school?
How can you tell a jerk from a narcissist?
What is PISTA therapy?
What is anger disorder? How can I help my brother in it?
Are mental disorders only triggered by trauma?
If you go to student health services and don't think their psychologist is helpful, what should you do?
How effective is exposure therapy?
How does it feel to have an anxiety attack?
Is lateral thinking the amount of net knowledge gained or just a mental ability?
How can I remain laser focused, despite having 5-6 hours of sleep (like Elon Musk, Nikola Tesla etc.)?
What is a good way to evaluate if you and your psychologist will be a good fit?
Is there a mindset I can adopt or a way that can help me to maintain my relationship with my sister who has BPD?
Who are some people who have had severe illnesses and survived?
Is anxiety disorder generally followed by depression?
What psychological thinking causes people to commit suicide?
What are some short and long term solutions for someone with BPD who has failed to properly budget for monthly expenses?
Would everyone benefit from a therapist?
How will be the life with a psychopath?
How do I motivate myself since I am depressed because of betrayal?
Why do so many people think sadism and psychopathy are the same?
How do you know when your teenager is depressed?
Has Ronald Bartetzko suffered from PTSD after the wars he has fought? If so, how has he coped with it?
How do I stop being so anxious and self concious?
Other than cognitive behavioural therapy (ERP) and medication, is there any effective treatment for OCD?
Is there a difference or a benefit to working with a psychologist, as opposed to working with an LCSW, LMFT, LPC, etc., for talk therapy?
How do I cure my social anxiety disorder?
I have borderline personality disorder. I'm scared I will never live a normal life. What can I do?
Can being bipolar lead to compulsive lying?
How can a person overcome the initial reluctance s/he may feel when seeing a psychologist for the first time?
How do I apply cognitive behavioral therapy in my busy day, as I am suffering from depression and anxiety?
How can you tell if a depressed person still loves you?
I’m 23 and ever since I was 20, I’ve had issues with depression and paranoia mainly because of social media. People say I’m schizo. What should I do?
How do I get rid of the mental block and distrust towards people?
What's the best way to find a psychologist?
What are some specific topics to discuss with a male psychologist when you're a guy and suffer from PTSD?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
Do I have a mental disorder if all I think about is what mental disorder I have and I'm always looking at myself in mirrors?
How do people consume high THC marijuana without having anxiety/panic attacks?
I have a friend who I really care about but I dread seeing him. He has a mental illness so is sometimes volatile company. How can I be supportive?
How can you stop depersonalization?
Does the journey to enlightenment cause depression?
How can you cope with the thought that you will be the same person forever?
Are people with lower social anxiety levels easier to mentor (because they more willingly approach people you suggest)?
Why is it that some people constantly feel depressed?
If I feel like my psychologist is not treating me objectively, is that a reason to seek a new psychologist? Or is it not really that important?
Is there a safe pill to temporarily induce depression or anxiety?
Do people with BPD generally have difficulty with budgeting?
Is retardation only negative?
What would a hallucinogenic trip be like for a sociopath?
Is there any mention of depression and anxiety in the ancient texts of India?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
Has depression changed your original personality?
Where does depression end and narcissism begin?
How can I cope better with my step-daughter who has bi polar disorder?
In any situation, do you think first or feel first? Which takes precedence?
What are the best method of all around rapid mental calculations?
What sort of hallucinations have you had with bipolar psychosis? Can you see the same things or people over and over?
Why are so many complex ptsd sufferers uncomfortable with close freindships?
What should I do about my depression symptoms? Should I seek medical help?
How do I stop feeling depressed cause of the world around me?
Sometimes I have delusional/psychotic thoughts that only last for a few minutes. What is wrong with me?
What is God for people with mental disorders and how do they see Him?
How can I cope up with adult separation anxiety?
Why does Quora act like a therapist?
Is it normal to have memory problems with bipolar? Sometimes I don't know that I did something a week ago or that I wrote things to people and now I can't remember.
Can someone with pure obsessional OCD have a fear about themselves such as being a psycopath, which doesn't stem from intrusive thoughts?
What are the worst cases of schizophrenia disorders?
Why is major depression inconsolable?
Why am I insane?
How can I overcome my depression? I've been feeling lost for 3 years, and I can't find my way out.
Are there psychopaths who don't wear masks?
How can a person overcome his depression, when in every direction, he or she is getting failure?
What are some examples of conduct disorder?
Why do I feel empty unless I self harm?
How does functional MRI amygdala biofeedback insights offer tools for the next generation of mindfulness practitioners and self treating depression?
How can you describe the different types of psychological disorders?
Can risperidone cause anhedonia, and will it go away once it’s off?
How should a person determine if they need to see a psychologist?
Is being a clinical psychologist stressful? Clinical psychologists talk to depressed people everyday, so do they also get depressed by that?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
How can you tell if someone is a narcissist or clinically depressed if both seem to push you away and use silent treatment?
Does counselling help even if the person is adamant about not cooperating with the counsellor?
Does smoking cannabis cause psychosis in bipolar 2 disorder?
If psychopaths are motivated by power, then is it their goal to make you admit to being weaker or inferior to them in some way?
Why am I depressed and can't sleep?
How do I "break up" with my psychologist or therapist if I think it's not a good fit?
Can a mental health professional answer my questions about the treatment of depression with ayahuasca?
Why are people resistant to seeing a psychologist for the first time?
Can PCOS cause depression?
Are there any subtypes to sociopathy/psychopathy?
What are some mental activities I can do now as an adult to avoid senility in my older years?
How do I learn to cope with my BPD?
What herbs can I take to nullify an anxiety attack?
Who are some good psychiatrists, psychologists or mental doctors in Pune?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
As a psychopath/sociopath, if an emotion in your limited emotional range were to get erased, which one would you miss the most?
Should I see a psychiatrist or someone else?
How is the Japanese mentality different from the Chinese mentality?
How can I treat anxiety and numbness in my face?
If a person suffering from multiple personality syndrome developed Alzheimer's, do all the personalities exhibit the same level of impairment?
What does it feel like to lose a child due to an eating disorder?
Can mild paranoid schizophrenia be prevented, why or why not?
Everyday is a constant battle with depression and suicidal thoughts, I don't feel worthy of life. Should I end it?
Is it common for a therapist to visit mental health professionals themselves?
My unemployed dad (former-alcoholic) tries to commit suicide and my mom has anxiety disorder. What can I do in this torturing family?
Is OCD one of the worst mental diseases?
Do some people commit suicide after their partner dies, especially if there is a gap in the relationship of 10-20 years plus or they cannot be without them?
Why do SSRIs work on obsessions?
Why do psychopaths stare so intently?
I am terrified of living. I live in constant dread, fear, anxiety and depression. What can I do?
What should I do about my extreme social anxiety?
According to some studies, people with bipolar disorder have increased empathic concern. If so, do bipolar narcissists have more empathic abilities?
What are some stories where people have failed multiple times, due to the instability of their minds?
What happens to a person with dextrocardia disorder?
I prefer solitude but at the same time being lonely makes me depressed. Social interaction makes me loose focus on my goals. What should I choose?
How have you managed the mental trauma of being put under Performance Improvement Programme in office?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
Is schizophrenia a mental disability or a mental illness?
Do you tend to feel miserable with having schizoaffective disorder?
What's the difference between paranoia and persecutory delusions?
How do you, as a bipolar diagnosed, feel that the "disorder" is affecting relationships?
Should I go to school when my anxiety has flared up?
Psychopaths: how did your inner circle find out your diagnosis and how did they react?
How can you convince your mom that your brother has depression?
Is anxiety normal when switching from Sertraline to Escitalopram?
How can I cure a dissociative disorder?
How do I know if I have Asperger's syndrome or social anxiety disorder?
How can I explain to my mother that I'm suffering from misophonia?
Why would someone smoke to commit suicide?
Is it possible that my OCD is getting worse even if my mood is getting a lot better?
Is it possible to have BPD and bipolar disorder?
Can getting raped and molested as a child cause bipolar disorder later in life?
What do psychopaths think about book Psychopath Bible?
How do I help my boyfriend with his mental illnesses?
How did transgender people survive the mental anguish in centuries past when no medical intervention was available?
Why is it more acceptable to be a psychopath than a schizophrenic?
Why am I stressed when there's nothing to be stressed about?
Are criminally insane and mentally ill people (who haven't committed an offence) sent to the same hospitals?
How can I overcome my approach to anxiety and make my brain think faster when starting a conversation?
Why did humans develop mentally more than physically?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
Do you think that Dr. Amit Gupta is mentally disturbed these days?
What's the difference between not throwing your drink can because of social anxiety and holding in your pee during a lecture?
How do you get a depressed person to talk to you, especially if it's your mother-in-law?
How do I cram 2 days before finals and not have panic attacks?
Does being underweight and not being hungry have anything to do with an eating disorder? Do I have an eating disorder?
How common is it for someone with bipolar disorder to have psychosis and paranoia?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
Why do I wish I was a psychopath?
Who is coping with a mental disorder? How old are you? What is it and how do you cope?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
How can I live without depression?
Should I do a degree in university if one thought of it makes me depressed?
Can you get depressed after too much pressure?
Can I study well if I am suffering from chickenpox?
How do you deal with a partner who thinks your mental illness is something you do on purpose?
Why don't mentally healthy people have mercy towards people who have mental illnesses?
Do you ever really get out of depression and being suicidal and self harming if you don't go to a doctor?
If one has dissociative identity disorder, how can she stop switching her personality?
Has internet made people smart or hopeless mental cripples?
Why does my wife incist on me having shaved genitals?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both ADHD and a mood disorder?
How do I change my sister's mentality?
Can I be denied mental health services in jail?
What are the ways to curb social illness (in general)?
Today, I found out that my 12-year-old sister started cutting herself off from my mom. How can I help my sister or be useful to her in some way?
If you have Bipolar Disorder and your thyroid is off, could that trigger a manic episode?
If I'm a sociopath/narcissist, should I go to a therapist or psychiatrist?
Is depersonalization and derealization a type of psychosis?
Psychopaths and sociopaths, how did you react when you were first diagnosed with this "disorder" and what were your first thoughts on it?
How do I know that I need medical attention for depression? What are the general symptoms?
Does someone who constantly cleans his desk with Kleenex while talking to you suffer from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder?
What does abandonment feel like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder, psychologically and physically?
Can anxiety cause loss of sensation in hands?
If a child was raised by parent(s) with a personality disorder, would the child mimic the behaviour of that disorder without having it themselves?
How do I deal with anxiety without running from it?
Are you a different person since depression?
Could depression be rooted in lack of gratitude?
Why is it so difficult to tell someone you think you have depression and/or an eating disorder?
Would a female psychopath be more likely to be murdered by an abusive male due to her lack of fear?
What would be the best way to go about getting diagnosed?
Is there any good reason to stop taking ecstasy/MDMA?
How does someone personally deal with a sleep-related eating disorder?
What are some things that psychopaths know they are better at than an NT is?
Is hypnotherapy an effective method of dealing with dissociative disorder?
In substance abuse disorders, what is the illness and what is treated? Why do the majority relapse?
How can I convince my mom to get help for her mental illness?
Does seal clubbing increase your mental health?
Can getting made fun of too much cause mental illness?
What's the point of living if my depression and anxiety are never going to get better? I'm not contributing to society nor am I really enjoying life.
What are good free resources to help someone with borderline personality disorder? And how do you get someone with BPD to get help?
What can you expect when starting medication for schizophrenia?
Does being on the methadone program cause depression?
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
How does a sleep-related eating disorder manifest?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
What are the difference between ASD, ADHD, ADD, OCD and ADHS?
I am suffering from general anxiety disorder. I am always worried that something terrible is going to happen to me. How can I cure that?
What is the treatment for mild paranoid schizophrenia?
What are the secret ingredients to building mental strength?
How effective is SAM-e for treating anxiety?
How was the LGBT movement converted into a byproduct of genetics, and not a symptom of mental illness?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
Where are some groups for people with bipolar disorder?
Why do mentally ill people use the illness as an excuse?
How do I tell my mom I have PTSD?
Have you ever had a problem that just refused to go away?
What is my best option when I am being mentally abused in India?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Is there a word for such severe depression that one is on the verge of suicide?
How should I tackle terrible social anxiety in university?
I'm depressed and no one will listen to me. What can I do?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
Is racism a psychological disorder?
How does it feel when you get out of depression?
How do I cope up with the stress from JEE prepartion?
What are some ways to tell whether someone has mental health issues?
How do I tell if I have depression?
Is it known what gene(s) could be implicated in antisocial personality disorder and similar disorders?
Why are so many human beings mentally ill?
Does social anxiety make you want to die?
Do psychopaths like people who have ASPD?
Do you know a story of a mentally weak/naive person who became strong?
Are all psychopaths bullies?
Is it worth visiting a Jero Mangku healer on Bali and how does it work?
My therapist asked me to get my own bedroom, personalize it, and take a photo of it and bring it to him. Is this professional behavior?
Is the feeling I'm feeling depression or something else?
What are the dangers of treating schizophrenia without medication?
I've been thinking about it and I still can't find a good reason for somebody to commit a suicide. Why do people turn to suicide in desperate moments?
Is it a sign of depression to become critical if I'm on a completely different medication than I thought I was? I had to look it up to verify it.
Trump has worsen my mental illnesses, can I sue him?
Why is depression sometimes sexually appealling?
What are the side effects of being with a person who has bipolar disorder?
What are some good jobs or careers for people with severe sleep disorders?
What does it feel like to be poor and psychopath?
Does it feel to anyone else as if the treatment for bipolar is making you crazy?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
How does a sociopath react when you move on?
How competitive are psychopaths?
Why do panic attacks keep coming back after years of nothing?
Sometimes when I'm really tired I have insane focus. Why is that?
Can a person with split personalities have different mental disorders and abilities in each personality?
How do I know when my introversion has turned into a social anxiety disorder?
What do I do about all of my anxiety?
Is it possible to date someone with BPD and to not be always anxious of accidentally saying the wrong thing?
Do people with bipolar disorder dislike those who can't identify other people?
I was sexually abused as a child. Has this affected me in ways I am not aware of?
Is there a specific disability that causes people to develop headaches in crowds?
Is it bad that I treat my social anxiety as a human being to help cope with it?
What does being in a depression feel like? I feel like I am depressed.
What is your opinion on labeling someone who has mental disabilities as retarded in a non derogatory way?
Are there better medications for OCD on the horizon?
How do I deal with a relationship when the other person has no compassion for me and my depression?
When does someone start getting anxiety problems? I'm writing a story where the main character is keeping something huge from everyone for 2 months.
Is it bad if I hold back urges to yell out of frustration?
How do I help my suicidal and depressed brother?
How can I become intelligent and overcome dumbness or mental retardation (by birth)?
What would you say is the worst thing about being a sociopath/psychopath?
Is there any good reason to stop using Ecstasy/MDMA?
Why do some Asian people not believe in mental illnesses?
What's teen life like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder?
Is there a way to just be generally diagnosed with any mental illnesses I may have?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
I want do be put in psychiatric hold so someone will finally see I have a problem with depression and maybe bipolar 2. Should I do it? If so how?
Can I smoke black and milds with schizoaffective disorder?
I feel like I'm losing my mind. Does one know when they are on the verge of insanity?
How do people with PTSD concentrate?
Why does BC have the highest number of hospital visits due to mental illness?
Can I sue someone for saying I have mental illness and using illegal drugs when I don't and have proof?
How do you think would an ENTP-A and a Narcisst/Sociopath/Psychopath get along?
How much should you rest in a day?
Can shadow work or working with the shadow self help cure intrusive thoughts?
Can an overly childish person who seemingly takes nothing seriously and enjoys the misfortune of others be a sociopath?
What shoud I do to get my degree? It'll take 7 years to have it due to mental illness (schizophrenia). How can I be smarter or disciplined to obtain it?
What are the pros and cons of taking anxiety medications?
What is the best way to spread the word to the world about narcissistic parents and about the mental & physical torture they bring towards children?
A man with depression breaks up with you. What do you do?
Will a sociopath act on threats if you provoke them?
Why do my psychiatric symptoms appear only after noon?
What is a functional movement disorder?
Are tactile hallucinations ghosts?
For someone who is 19 years of age and suffers from Bruxism, is it still possible to repair the damage using natural methods?
How do I forget my depression?
Was Manson psychotic or possessed?
My parents don't believe I'm depressed. What do I do?
How do I overcome my depression as I am solving 562 despite deserving above 600 in NEET 2017?
Why does it seem that mental health/personality disorders are on the rise?
What is the difference between aspergers syndrome and generalized/social anxiety disorder?
I just realised that most of the time of my life I have this weird breathing problem but without being concerned about it. What is this disorder?
Is borderline/narcissist silent treatment harder to endure for people with OCD?
How are you clinically diagnosed with a mental illness?
While having a group conversation, why do some people fiddle and touch objects around them? Such as with napkins, cutlery etc. Is that social anxiety?
Are there any consequences to having mental illness diagnoses in your medical records?
If you had to pick someone with a mental disorder to become your significant other, what disorder would it be?
Is the bipolar test on the internet true?
Is there any rehabilitation center in Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Has burnout been classified as a medical condition or a mental illness? If not why not?
How bad can depression get if it doesn't go away, and I just ignore it?
People with BPD see in black or white. Is there a disorder where someone can only see in the gray area?
What are some good books on schizoid disorder?
Does unpredictability create disorder, or does disorder create unpredictability (disorder as in entropy)?
What is it like to have schizophrenia and PTSD at the same time? Is it even possible?
Why does a person get depressed?
How do I reduce my anxiety?
Why does Graves' disease cause anxiety?
Do you always have a feeling of dread for no particular reason? Is this another symptom of anxiety?
Is there a personality disorder linked to someone who doesn't believe in romantic love?
Is it common to not feel loved by a borderline type?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
Why do I want to have a mental/personality disorder?
Other than taking melatonin, how can I deal with extreme anxiety?
If the stigma around psychopathy was erased, would psychopaths stop wearing the mask?
What clinical evidence is there (if any) linking dehydration and depression?
How does a psychologist make a differential diagnosis between NPD and OCPD? Considering the controlling nature of both disorders.
How does depression in a spouse lead to divorce?
Is it fair to ask suicidal people to carry on living?
How do I help my sibling find success, deal with 6 years of depression and stop his suicidal thoughts due to a low undergrad GPA?
How do you know if you are scaring someone if you have a mental illness?
How do I protect my Mental Health from the trump administration?
What is responsible for obsessions in OCD?
Can crazy people ever become sane again?
How can you treat/cure a specific case of depression?
I was told that having "fur-babies" or pets as replacement for having children should be considered a mental disorder. What is your opinion on this?
What are some good jobs that people with bipolar disorder can do?
Is there a relationship between depression and apologizing?
Are weird thoughts caused by anxiety and depression?
My sister is the reason behind my depression and suicide attempts. What should I do?
Are there some people that therapy cannot help/ some mental illnesses that cannot be eliminated?
Why don't women ask men out?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
Have you ever tried to commit suicide, and why?
What causes bipolar?
Can people have to much stress to lead to a breaking point?
Is memory loss common for people who have bipolar disorder in the manic phase?
Can lack of control of something in life lead to depression?
Why are some people content to remain isolated and unemployed over a long time, even though it makes them mentally ill?
How do I know if it’s depression or bipolar issues?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
Are there people who have successfully come out of depression (or are in process of doing so)?
Am I responsible for my depression?
What can I do for my ex who is depressed?
Can OCD change form during life?
What are people depressed about?
Why do some people say "greazy" rather than "greasy"? Are they mentally ill?
How do I differentiate between panic attack and a heart problem?
Do I have some bits of autism?
Is psychosis, paranoia and persecutory delusions more common among bipolar I or bipolar II?
How can I change my sister’s mentality?
Is therapy helpful for most people?
Does inactivation of the mGluR5 receptor in OCD patients help stop obsessions or only compulsions?
What's the story behind Spoony's mental health issues?
How did you discover that your crazy partner may have borderline personality disorder?
Why do my eyes water when I'm nervous?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
What is the name for the mental illness or depression that immigrants experience?
I'm afraid that someone or something may distract me. It has been developed very much. How uncommon is this phobia? How exactly can this be treated?
Is having to always be with someone, a sign of BPD?
Why is it so frequent that people with mental illnesses also have severe dental problems?
What causes mild paranoid schizophrenia?
What are the risks of having anxiety and numbness in my face?
Do sociopaths or psychopaths choose special persons they want to be with/manipulate?
In what way does a teenager suffering from depression act different from others?
Is there any truth to the statement that Psychopaths are incapable of love?
Self pity seems a self defeating behavior. How can someone be encouraged to break free of it? Thinking mainly of people with personality disorders.
Is being a counselor a viable career option for someone suffering depression or anxiety?
Are sociopaths typically hotheaded?
What if the Bible, creates mental illness?
Does anxiety always develop into depression?
Why do people throw around terms like "sociopath" and "psychopath" without knowing what they truly mean?
Does being in a mental hospital benefit the patient?
Has suffering from depression changed?
What is it like to have dysthymic depression and borderline personality disorder?
Could autism and some other mental health issues be the next stage in evolution?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
What is a natural cure for paranoia?
Can bipolar I disorder comorbid with bipolar II disorder?
Should I go to a therapist and how can I tell my parents?
What are examples of some common mental illnesses?
Are there any known people who could be sociopaths (not psychopaths)?
Should I go to a therapist?
How does a psychopath behave if s/he doesn't care to wear a mask around people?
Are there any realistic TV shows that take place in psychiatric hospitals? If not, why so?
Would it make sense to prescribe someone with mixed depression/anxiety a stimulant like amphetamine plus a non sedating anxyolitic such as buspirone?
What is a psychopath with blindsight like?
How do I become a better person for others and for my own mental health?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
What should you do if someone is having a nervous breakdown?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
Has violence against people with mental illness increased recently in America?
Is it possible for me to overcome severe depression caused by ragging?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
How can I appear normal when I have ASPD?
In theory at least, do we all have mental health problems?
What mental ilnesses cause apathy?
Can anxiety cause suicidal thoughts or is it only a depression thing?
What is your experience with learning how to write with your non-dominant hand and how has it affected your life?
Which is worse, depression or anxiety?
How do I stop having expectations for my family?
How do you tell your boss you have mental illness and still hope to keep your job?
How do you make a relationship work long term with a psychopath/sociopath?
Is perfectionism a mental disorder?
Is it common for psychopaths to break out in full blown night sweats and drench the bedsheets?
Does exercise really make depression go away?
How do you become motivated and lively after years of depression?
How can I be supportive for someone with a bipolar disorder?
What is the subtle difference between psychosomatic sensations and tactile hallucinations?
Is there something mentally wrong with me? Acedia? BPD? Apathy? Why do I feel like this?
How do I deal with low grades due to sleep deprivation (5 hours every night for 2 years)?
How do you help someone with depression when you are living in a different country?
If someone you know might commit suicide but they said not to tell anyone, what do you do?
What was the view of mental health in Victorian times?
Why do psychologists refuse to diagnose patients with some personality disorders?
Are social anxiety and sociopathy related in any way?
Has anyone dealt with a psychopath/sociopath who committed a serious crime such as murder/rape? If so, what was your experience like with them?
How long will it take me to get extremely skinny and sick looking?
How do I stop annoying friends when I’m depressed?
I’m extremely sad. How can I overcome it?
What are the disadvantages of being a psychopath?
Are most successful people psychopaths or have psychopathic tendencies?
Have you ever think of committing a suicide?
Should chronically-depressed patients be allowed to have access to a medically-assisted death?
Have you been in therapy when you were young and did it really help you?
Can I see a therapist even though I’m not sure if I have a mental disorder?
How do I get rid of continuous unuseful, less meaningful, depressed thoughts?
Why aren't we the same person mentally that we were say even 5 minutes ago?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of installing horizontal engines instead of vertical engines in a bike?
What depression medications are you on?
What are some things that can be done to help someone fight depression?
How can I maintain purpose in my life as an introverted (relatively successful) university student (who also has tinnitus/chronic depression)?
My fiance is mentally ill. What should I do?
How do I control my anxiety while studying? Often while studying, all kinds of thoughts on the 5 exams I should sustain appear and I start to panic.
How can I be more helpful to my bipolar friend?
How does Vicodin affect depression?
How do North Americans feel about their mental health?
What are the things that make us, as psychopaths, human?
Can you have depression while people around you can't notice?
How do you deal with a manic depressive?
Should we feel sorry for psychopaths?
What universities offer free courses in mental health?
How can I be more comforting to my bipolar friend? The friend has untreated bipolar disorder.
Is PTSD an abnormal reaction to trauma?
How do you cope with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
Which is crazier, those giving guns to mentally unstable people or mentally unstable people with guns?
What benefits have you noticed—physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually—from doing the Kuji-in? And how long have you been doing them?
Does a BPD diagnosed person, accept this diagnosis? If yes, when does that person come to acceptance?
How do I get rid of my anxiety? I had a fit of anger which led me to tell someone off.
Is there a bot you can talk to when you’re depressed?
How do I stop kids at my school from making fun of my depression (they tend to mock it)?
What is the best medication for bipolar 2?
Is procrastination a mental condition which could also be related to low IQ, depression and ADHD?
How do people on Xanax or other powerful anti-anxiety drugs respond to a legitimate threat to their safety?
How should one keep anxiety at bay?
How can one remove depression when one is away from home?
Why are people so afraid of anti-depressant/anxiety medications? Are the side effects that severe? Can they change you? Are they permanent?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
Can you get out of a MAPPA level 2 after discharge from a mental health hospital in England?
Should we really blame the NPD while we understand that he is a mentally ill person?
What are the things, a manager mentally equips himself with just before he takes charge?
How do girls overcome a hard breakup from mental stress?
Can alternate personalities develop without trauma happening?
My brother is going away for college and I can't help but to feel very depressed. How do I deal with this change?
Would it be appropriate to email your therapist to see how they are doing after an illness?
Does sex cure depression?
How can I identify harmful internalized thoughts?
What should I do if I am a manic depressive?
Why are footballers suffering from mental illness?
Can a therapist see that I have antisocial traits?
Why does megaloblastic anemia cause hallucinations?
Why does everyone think that preventing a well-reasoned suicide is an acceptable action?
Does a person develop BPD over time in adulthood?
What are the signs of a personality disorder in a 50 year old male?
Is there a nice psychopath?
How can you attain peace when you are mentally suffering from something?
Do psychopaths have to wear a mask?
Why do I always seem to get suicidal and at least somewhat depressed when I'm anxious and stressed out (usually from school)?
How is a separation anxiety disorder diagnosed?
What is your opinion on slurs like feminazi & autism being used harmfully & the future consequences of that use?
Can cannabis cure or lessen the severity of anxiety disorders particularly social anxiety?
What is psychotic depression, and what causes it? Is it more than one major depressive episode?
Why do I feel depressed when I lose in a giveaway everytime?
What forms of self-harm are there?
What are healthy alternatives to self harming?
Is a neutrotypical with psychopatic traits called a sociopath?
What do you do if you discover that you are a psychopath?
Is there a quality of life after a lifelong struggle with depression?
My pregnant girlfriend doesn't want to have sex with me anymore. How do I deal with this?
Is there a name for a feeling/condition where you're not depressed but you feel like you should be?
What is the one thing/habit that always comes around continuously and makes you depressed/sad/worn out?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
Is 13 Reasons Why harmful or helpful to people suffering from depression?
How did ancient civilizations handle mental illnesses?
Why do psychopaths try to correct and educate people about psychopathy while they can benefit from people's ignorance of the subject?
Does forcing myself to do things help cure depression?
How does it take people years before they realise they're bipolar?
How do you convince your parents that going to a therapist/psychologist doesn't make you an abnormal person?
What is your experience with treating depression using meds?
Is a near sudden lack (and gradual decline) of sentimentality necessarily a sign of depression, or is it acceptable as fairly often experienced by people as they age?
Why is suicide legal while the attempt of suicide is illegal?
How do guys feel about dating girls with mental illnesses?
Apart from mindfulness exercises and without using drugs to calm me down, what are some tips and tricks for overcoming anxiety?
What does ‘trigger’ mean with someone who has BPD?
How did you overcome your medication resistant depression? Is it even possible to do this?
Is there a life experience that could potentially change a sociopath or psychopath for good?
Can a GP (general practitioner) diagnose you as bipolar?
What does one do if one does not have the resources to cope with stress?
Why are people with a personality disorder manipulative?
Why do some guys hate their looks and always live in depression?
How do I help manage/understand/support a loved one that suffers from depression, anxiety, & anger issues?
Are people with mental illnesses like depression, anorexia and/or obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) the hardest to love?
How can I help my dog with separation anxiety when I'm home most of the time?
Could a personal drill sergeant help you overcome some of the lethargic affects of depression?
Could I have histrionic personality disorder?
What books have helped you better understand or overcome self-harm?
Has anyone ever been broken up with because of your mental illness? How did you cope?
Can anxiety lead to phobia? And what's the difference between them?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
Can you become a nurse if you have a history of an eating disorder?
What do I do when I'm depressed so that I don't hurt myself?
What are the best solutions to overcome social anxiety?
How do you feel about others not understanding your anxiety disorder?
How do anti-anxiety meds work? Will they make me stop thinking about the thing I'm anxious about?
Is taking a gap year for my mental health a bad thing? Why is everyone making it sound so bad?
How can someone deal with nervous breakdowns?
How can bipolar disorder be recognised?
What mental health laws would you change?
Do psychopaths ever feel like life is a game?
Why do I get very depressed?
Is a "multiple body disorder" ever recorded?
Does floatation therapy work?
What kinds of neuropsychological testing should a specialist perform on a potential ADHD patient before they are prescribed Adderall?
Can depression be completely cured? If yes, how did you realize that you are absolutely fine?
How can I move from a mental health job to a corporate job?
Why do people stigmatize mental illnesses?
I've been on the same meds for 20 years. I want off. Will my general practitioners help me get away from a psychiatrist and the meds?
Is there a correlation between MBTI type and mental illness (ENFP and ADHD primarily)?
Why does nicotine cause anxiety?
If a small child was molested, would he develop a mental illness?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
How can I stop being anxious while studying?
What would your life be like if you suddenly no longer had BPD?
Why are most Indians so ignorant about the mental health of their friends and families?
What are different ways to commit suicide?
When I'm depressed I find it difficult to think through complex issues and to inhibit negative thoughts, how do I remedy this?
How do I continue living without telling anyone about my depression and suicidal thoughts?
Is someone with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to be abusive?
Is it possible that my OCD is causing me to obsess about people from my past?
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
How do I get rid of the sensation of my head spinning? It’s been happening for 1 week because of anxiety.
What to do when we are so depressed by a problem that we cannot fix for a long time up to a point that we want to commit suicide?
Could it be that the recurrent psychological abuse from relatives (not parents but other relatives) causes sociopathic tendencies?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, do you genuinely feel love for anything?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about suicide?
If POTUS were to be effectively incapacitated by a mental condition, such as senile dementia, how would the government administration deal with this?
What should be done in case if a person is fighting depression and can not consult a psychiatrist?
If, starting at 12 years, a child is told throughout their adolescence that they have depression, will they eventually have clinical depression?
When does the heartbeat of psychotic people get faster?
How many hours a day should one be involved in a mentally engaging activity to keep their mind from stagnating?
What are some good books about ASPD?
When you are very anxious, what should you do?
What is the best way you or someone you know has found to manage your anxiety without medication?
How should I tell my parents I have anxiety?
Sometimes I feel that committing suicide and killing myself is the best solution to relax from poverty and misery. Why?
How can a therapist deal and solve weird and uncommon phobias that are extremely severe?
Can a person that has bipolar illness and borderline personality disorder ever have a successful relationship?
Have PTSD sufferers ever called the police thinking they were in danger when there was none? Are there legal consequences?
Has anyone ever scored the maximum points on a depression test?
Why does my mom self-diagnose herself with OCD?
How can I get over reading about OCD?
Why are SSRIs so effective in treating OCD?
How does it feel to have bipolar disorder along with borderline personality disorder?
When people say mentally and physically, can't you just say physically?
What are some of the best research papers into the effects of cannabis use on the mental health of adolescents?
Why are there so many references to psychopaths on Quora?
Is it better to be physically safe or mentally safe?
What are the characteristics of mental repression?
Can we drop the idea of psychopath as an identity or label?
I have a lot of anxiety over presentations and social interaction. How can I overcome this?
What are some jobs for mental health counselors that are not in health care?
I often feel depressed thinking about the future. Knowing that people I am close with will be gone (ex. deceased, moved, etc.). Is this normal?
For people who have suffered suicidal thoughts and overcame it, how did you know and when did you know that war ended at last?
Is there anyone with schizoaffective disorder and likes being social?
What is some advice about helping my PTSD diagnosed husband?
I’m a doctor​ with no certification. I’m doing my own therapy for musculoskeletal problems. I need certification for my therapy. How can I get it?
Are psychopaths parasites? Do they need victims to survive?
Is there any illness that causes one to steal money always?
Lithium for bipolar keeps manias under control. Does it also prevent the spiral down into suicidal depression?
How long did it take you to get over your depression and become happy again?
What should I do as a person who has depression and experiences heartbreak?
What is mental healthcare like in Qatar?
How can someone with borderline personality disorder start to make close friendships?
Why are many school shooters labeled as psychopaths/sociopaths?
Can praying to the devil make you schizophrenic if you ask him to make you schizophrenic?
Is there any quick cure for anxiety?
What is the quickest and easiest way to commit suicide?
What questions do you have for people who self-harm?
How can you overcome and/or thrive while having Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
Do people with BPD realize when they are emotionally manipulating their partner?
How can I be sure I am seeing the right therapist?
What are the symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder after being discarded by my narcissistic girlfriend?
What is a psychopath in simple terms?
Is thinking of committing suicide normal? How bad is it, and how does one overcome it and stop it?
What topic should I choose for my final essay about mental disorders?
How do I cope up with my studies after a long psychiatric medicated treatment (2 years)?
Are psychiatrists really aware of how detrimental the side effects of antidepressants are?
Why do I get sudden rushes of adrenaline?
If you have a mental illness, how do you train your mind to be tough?
What is myeloproliferative disorder?
Can my therapist or psychiatrist be anybody?
When should one take meds for mental disorder?
Does weed make a mental illness worse?
Why does codeine cause anxiety?
If the abuse wasn't that bad, could it still cause BPD?
Has anyone moved because you found yourself clashing with the culture of your city, and it made you feel depressed?
I was wondering if I may be considered to have OCD?
Why do people think that rain causes depression?
What I have to do for get rid of stress and depression?
How does BPD work for socializing, and how can you be in love with someone with BPD?
Do we all use similar mental pictures when we reason about mathemetical structure? How do our mental models differ?
If a child was not abused, what else causes a narcissistic personality disorder?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about those who commit suicide?
How do I bring up self-harm in therapy?
Have you ever thought that mental illness doesn't exist?
Why aren't there more depressed people around? What is it in life that keeps so many people going?
How are female psychopaths/sociopaths on their period?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
Have you ever discovered someone was a sociopath? If so, what gave them away?
I’m a dad who only has custody every other weekend. How can I help my 9-month-old child cope with stranger anxiety towards me?
How common is it for abusive parents to have their children misdiagnosed with mental illnesses as a method of avoiding responsibility?
I'm a "high" functioning BPD middle aged man. Is there anyone of any disorder that will functionally have a relationship with me?
Is hypochondria the same as GAD?
Should I say “I'm gay” to the psychologist that I go to if I don’t want my mum to know that I am?
How can I cure low sperm count due to stress, anxiety and depression?
What is a hallucination and does it really happen?
How do I fight PMS-related depression? I also suffer from hypothyroidism which causes frequent bouts of depression.
How long does depression last. Does it end or you learn to live with it?
I'm in a relationship with someone who is suicidal and depressed, but I want a breakup. What do I say?
How is meditation viewed in religion?
Do people act crazy to stay sane?
I think I have avoidant personality disorder, should I bring this up with my therapist?
Is there a link between an avoidant personality disorder and constant daydreaming?
Will antipsychotics "help" my anorexia?
Are impressed and depressed related in anyway?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths usually become killers?
Why do you get depression despite coming from an affluent family and having all the luxuries, the love and affection of everyone, and a good income?
Is the serotonin hypothesis about OCD the strongest one?
What are restraints used in mental health institutions?
Can depression (or other mental illnesses) cause your body to function differently (e.g., how tall you grow, your metabolism, how your cells work)?
Why do people suffer from anxiety mostly at night?
What do you call the rare mental disorder where you are extremely impressionable and can develop something from researching/thinking too much?
Do insects have mental illness like humans?
What is the cause of the mental depression that the world is going through?
What is it like to have depression and anxiety (by the definition in the psychology field)?
Do some people without mental illnesses feel that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live?
How do you get someone oblivious to their mental illness to get help?
I’m 24 and really want to die because of manic depression and social and normal anxiety. What should I do?
How do I help my husband who is suffering from depression?
Now that we know what Trump will do as President of the United States, at what point will enough be enough? He is a cheat, liar and mentally unstable!
What are some celebrities with multiple personality disorder?
Is a person with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to have abusive tendencies towards a partner?
What are people’s experiences with recovering from overtraining syndrome?
Is it my fault that I was born with a mental illness?
Is there a difference between INFJ disembodiment and depersonalization?
I’m going through depression. I have really mean classmates. I feel suicidal. No one gets how I feel. How to I stop this from affecting my studies?
How do I increase my mental strength to keep on going even when the night is the darkest?
Why are psychopaths attracted to careers in mental health?
Do people fall into a bell curve of psychopathy: psychopaths as typically described at one end and people empathetic to a fault at the other end?
Is it possible to be a psychopath and have schizoaffective disorder?
I'm being diagnosed for anxiety and depression. Is it okay to skip the course once in a while?
Is there any depressed person who wants us to support each other through tough times and recovery?
What else can cause BPD besides childhood trauma?
How do I face reality and quit imagining fantasy and impossible scenarios?
Are people with borderline disorder delusional, or do they often misinterpret what is being said and what is actually meant by that?
Are SSRIs more effective for OCD rather than depression?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, what are your symptoms besides hallucinations?
Can a person fake himself as a schizophrenia patient?
As a senior, what is the best strategy to maximize my mental acuity?
How do I overcome depression after a bad performance in NEET?
If a man was born mentally normal but stressful and traumatic events changed him, can he change back? If so, how?
Are there any anxiety/depression support groups in Chennai?
What should a patient with autonomic disorders and anxiety disorders do?
How long will it take until people with mental illnesses are treated like regular humans?
If doctors were diagnosed with their specialty, how would they want to be treated physically, emotionally, and mentally?
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
Why aren’t churches mental-disability friendly?
Do people with schizoaffective disorder think about killing people?
Are there people who can't see any color? Why? Does it affect anything (emotionally, physically, or mentally)?
How can anyone come out from mental harassment?
Is it bad to always fantasize about a new life when I am too depressed?
How can one become a monk? Is it the displeasure for worldliness or is it simply another phase of depression that leads one to think that way?
How can panic be differentiated from depression?
When is supervised visitation required for some psychiatric patients?
Can someone recover from BPD?
Why is mental health such an ignored topic in Indian society?
Can I develop OCD because I researched it too much?
How can I deal with OCD, ADD, and bipolar disorder?
Will a borderline person also diagnosed with fibromyalgia ever be happy in life?
What’s the threshold from having high psychopathic traits, to being "labelled" a psychopath? Is there a gauge?
How common is paranoid bipolar disorder?
How can I keep nicotine from causing me anxiety?
Why do people with BPD often feel the need to overshare?
Can a non violent person be provoked to commit a violent assault if they suffered years of physical and mental abuse?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
Is it better to not share your depression or get diagnosed for depression?
I’m 15. I have anxiety and depression. My parents think I'm a happy kid who does not get sad ever. I have almost no friends. What do I do?
How should one treat a residual schizophrenic?
I’ve been depressed for years and my parents are not taking me seriously. What should I do?
As a therapist, has a patient ever straight up lied to you?
After hearing about gory rape crimes, I constantly feel severely anxious about the safety of my loved ones. It’s affecting my daily life. How do I deal?
What should be done for a person who is suffering from bipolar disorder? They are in a kind of extreme stage of depression.
Do psychopaths tend to blame other people for their own mistakes?
What happens when a person with HPD/BPD is told what they are? It does not seem as if they realize that their behavior is abnormal, annoying and often disgusting.
How is mental repression explained in psychology?
If a natural born psychopath is raised in an environment primed for social anxiety, will any develop?
How do you cope with early depression killing your dreams because even when recovering, it will often leave you detached and less energetic for life?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
Does Sadhguru suffer or has he suffered from PTSD?
How do I reduce anxiety in exams?
What is teen depression and its possible causes?
Is fantasizing regularly about killing people, and how you would kill them, a sign of mental illness?
How do I know if books about personality disorders are not just trash?
What will you tell someone who is going to commit suicide?
Are mindfulness and heart rate coherence related?
Is having a quiet voice caused by internal fear / anxiety?
Do psychopaths feel competent?
What should a complete session with a good therapist cost in Delhi?
Can I sue a psychiatrist who prescribed me antidepressants without telling me about the detrimental side effects?
If people are so worried about me committing suicide, why aren't they doing anything?
Is there a difference between a psychopath's and a sociopath's stare, and if so, how do they differ?
How do other people really look at mentally ill people?
How do you mentally prepare yourself two days before a major examination?
What are some things to reflect on or think of that will help cope with thoughts of suicide?
Do some people fake mental disorder like having NPD or being a psychopath?
Why do people suffering from anxiety fear they have gone crazy and are just hallucinating their whole life?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
What's the cheapest, easiest and best way to commit suicide? Don't give me suicide prevention stuff.
If I want to die, does that mean I am depressed?
What is a way of getting more and more depressed?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
How often is someone misdiagnosed with bipolar II instead of severe depression with anxiety? (This is what I think has happened to me.)
What is the best doTERRA oil for treating anxiety?
Is being mentally strong a choice?
Do people with BPD regret their anger?
Is there a difference between heart break and depression?
What is it like to suffer from depression?
Is it offensive to say someone is "a little bit OCD" or "bipolar" or "ADD" or "schizo" or "psycho" if the person doesn't really have these disorders?
Should I feel depressed about graduating?
Why are mental health services so sexist towards both genders, e.g. women get told it's 'just hormones', and men don’t get taken seriously?
What is a possible way out of a mental prison regardless of the issue?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
Can I live a good, meaningful life without meditating?
After losing a parent, why can’t I feel anything at all, when I know I should be in pain?
What were the 18 psychological disorders as mentioned by agastya?
How do I deal with panic attacks? I am looking for something which helps permanently and not temporarily. Is there a permanent solution to stop having them?
I am getting very depressed about the events happening in my life. What are some ways to get out from depression?
How do I deal with the depression of a bad exam?
What is adjustment disorder with anxiety and depression?
How likely are schizophrenics and others who have an auditory hallucination to commit suicide, statistically?
What is the best advice you can give to future mental health counselors to be effective in their work? What skills do I need to stand out to clients?
What is the psychological reason for anxiety caused by unread text messages?
Do these traits suggest antisocial personality disorder or another Cluster B disorder?
What does it mean to live with a mental illness?
What's the difference between social anxiety and being nervous around people?
If love is our natural state of being, then why are people suffering from their own mental problems?
Is there a link between bipolar and narcissistic disorder?
Can weed trigger anxiety problems that would last for months?
Can anxiety worsen periods?
I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
How do I overcome anxiety as a teen?
How can I endure all my depressing feelings?
Can narcissism cause OCD?
Are there any success cases of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)?
Why are people with BPD stigmatised?
Are procrastination and fickle-mindedness mental conditions?
Is Batman psychologically insane?
I show a lot of symptoms for a few mental disorders. How can I be sure?
Where do you seek help if you're suspected to have depression?
What are the best ways of dealing with depression-related fatigue or medication-related cognitive fog?
Would asking for help for my mental health issues be remotely worth it considering my situation?
Should I be afraid of psychopaths/sociopaths?
I'm 18. I haven't accomplished anything and I am depressed. What should I do?
After taking care of ill parents, I became mentally ill. What should I do?
Do hallucinogens like LSD affect in rewiring psychopaths? Do they recover or get more into their psychopathy?
Do terrorists ever get PTSD?
I do not suffer from depression at all. But I've been very sad recently. What can I do?
Does music play on repeat in the head of an autistic person more severely the more anxious they become?
What do investors do when they find out the person has a history of depression?
Can a sociopath love and be co-dependent?
What do we do with a depressed person who doesn't seem to want to get well?
I am in a very good place. I have a lot of privileges. Why do I still feel so depressed?
Is there a way to do math mentally for those who are handicapped that they cannot write?
Can children of borderline personality disorder, not have it but can develop traits of it?
Has anyone tried committing suicide?
What are some interesting paranoia stories of people with schizophrenia?
Which is the most common cause of suicides and what is the most common way of suicide?
What's the difference between someone with ASPD and someone with social anxiety and depression?
Can a person with a binge eating disorder be a normal weight?
Is there any mental illness associated with excessive anthropomorphizing?
How can we manage our depression without medication?
Do humans have a subconscious mental ability to block physical pain and later remove this block?
Is recurring depression the same as bipolar disorder? I'm exhausted from my emotional splitting. What is recurring depression with BPD?
Do psychopaths think they would be as successful as they are right now if they hadn't been born psychopaths?
How do I deal with my sociopathic tendencies?
How can I commit suicide without people finding out?
What is some legitimate work I can do from home (the UK)? I suffer badly from anxiety, panic attacks & depression, which has led to my lack of work.
Who has experience with adult selective mutism?
What is schizophrenia, and is it a disorder?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide in absence of depression?
What is the treatment for schizoid personality disorder like?
Can a diagnosis with a mental illness predispose one to more confirmation bias in terms of the illness' traits?
Is mental illness, in America, a result of problems within society/culture as a whole?
Was Marx mentally ill?
How do you deal with (resolve) walking depression?
What are the drugs for social anxiety?
What emotion is the most difficult for a psychopath to mimic?
What is the diffference between delusion and depressive rumination?
Is CAMHS deliberately trying to drive me to suicide?
Is it rational to make yourself believe something for your own mental health? Would it be moral?
Why can I only work when there's something else that's urgent?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
How can I reduce pre-result anxiety?
How do I deal with depression by myself? How can I not be a spoilsport for the outside world due to depression?
Why do intrusive thoughts cause anxiety?
Believers in which religion are least likely to commit suicide?
Is it possible that hallucinogenics caused my psychosis?
What can help to motivate someone with anxiety?
Can you give me the characteristics of a person who has bipolar depression?
I think my brother has social anxiety, how can I help him?
I read about Junko Furuta and now I am depressed, do you have any advice?
Can you just ask someone whether he is a psychopath or not?
Do psychopaths ever cry as a baby/child?
Has anyone recovered from "blank mind" depersonalization?
Did Teddy Roosevelt suffer/prosper from any mental illnesses?
How do you treat an individual with Bipolar ADD and NPD?
Has marijuana been used to treat symptoms like impulsivity in bipolar disorder?
If a depressed person has addictions, can he go to rehab?
Are people with low EQ easier to suffer from depression?
Would psychopaths care on some level if their partner died? If so, why?
Where can I find a forum to connect with engineers dealing with depression?
Do psychopaths feel disgusted by things like vomit, feces, or cannibalism?
How do I deal with anxiety and confidence issues?
Is it weird that I want a psychopath as a friend?
What is anaclitic depression in adults?
Can drinking coffee worsen general anxiety disorder or depression?
When should I seek further help with my depression and anxiety?
Which movies can help me feel better during a depressive episode?
How do you cope with depression and NPD?
Where can I go to get tested for a learning disorder?
What foods can help with managing bipolar disorder?
What is considered traumatizing enough to suffer from PTSD?
What do people who use mental health services like to be called, e.g. consumer, patient or client?
If a job application asks if I have a mental illness, should I be honest or lie and tick no?
Does being a psychopath automatically make you a bad, or dangerous person?
How do you know you are not mentally ill, like in Fight Club?
How does alziemer disorder happen?
Do you think the bombardment of bad news by the media can cause depression?
Why doesn't anything, including therapy and meds, help with my borderline personality disorder and bipolar 1?
I have antisocial traits. How would I get along with a psychopath?
Why do psychopaths date people?
Is there any difference between psychopathy and attachment disorders?
Can you develop PTSD by having your child taken away by CPS?
Which is less torturous, mental exhaustion or physical exhaustion?
What kind of stuff do psychopaths hide under their masks?
Can a depressed person do academics?
It has been suggested to me that a female with BPD is likely to be a psychopath. I am BPD and share a lot of symptoms, does this make me a psychopath?
What is the quickest way to commit suicide?
What's a good way to stop the anxiety-causing thoughts when they come?
How and why does hereditary depression occur?
Do psychopaths suffer because of their personality disorder?
Why is specialization in medical fields so overrated? Can’t you just be happy as a GP?
If I see a violently graphic scene on TV I feel as though I am experiencing it, is this typical of spectrum disorders?
How do I get a depressed person go to drug rehabilitation?
Why is everyone so obsessed with psychopaths and other mental illnesses?
Can depression disqualify me from getting a diversity visa DV1?
What activities to pick up during joblessness that boost your morale as well as add skills to your profile?
How long is a hospital/psychiatric stay for a failed suicide attempt?
What did you do while you were in depression, but had important tasks coming up?
If you ask your therapist if you have a personality disorder, are they obligated to tell you?
Are all self-harmers mentally ill?
Is it better for someone with depression to scream out or to suffer in silence?
Can you use methylphenidate (methylin) to cope with OCD?
Can I develop an attachment disorder to an abuser?
I haven't taken my anti-depressant medication for over a year now. In the past month I experienced depressive relapses. Should I take my meds again?
Are people who suffer from depression lazy?
How do I make myself mentally stronger?
What are some tricks and hacks that can be used in an Android application to help users overcome depression?
Can being more social and open about my issues help me overcome schizoid personality disorder?
How can you study without feeling depressed?
Do you think about suicide as a mentally healthy person?
What do people with OCD hate about their OCD thoughts?
Is the Catholic Church against ECT? If so, can you point me in the direction to find the literature on this teaching?
How do you budget when you have bipolar?
What are your best anecdotes of patients with a factitious disorder?
Can all personal issues be broken into smaller manageable components like a mind map? If so, can these components be common across people?
Why do I hear voices in my head just when I'm about to sleep?
Is it possible or even achievable to have a functional long lasting relationship with a border line personality disorder inflicted man?
I fear that a sudden, loud or soft noise will distract me. I can't control it and my brain automatically stresses when it hears a sound. What is that?
What could a relationship between two BPDs look like?
Is discarding and destroying what should be treasured possessions a warning sign of impending suicide attempt?
Should we commit suicide or not?
If some person came down from the sky, is it statistically and logically more likely it was merely a person from a more advanced world visiting Earth?
When you were depressed and pushed almost everyone away, how did you feel about the person who stayed no matter what?
Have you ever been in that much of depression in which you want to cry badly but cannot?
Is it weird that I want my future boyfriend to be a psychopath?
Is it dangerous to live with a socio/psychopath?
Is having full anger and other mood swings during a manic episode normal with bipolar?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
Is there a mental disorder where you start behaving exactly like someone else?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide without being depressed?
What keeps libertarians from going full-blown anarcho-capitalist?
Why do I remain confused and do silly mistakes? Is it any medical or psychological problem?
Have you found that caffeine helps with your bipolar disorder symptoms?
Why do people stigmatize mental illnesses?
What can I do to convince my 42-year-old BPD mom to seek treatment?
Can I recover from a lifetime of abuse? I'm mostly a fun and happy person but have my walls up and can't grieve or react normally to stress /conflict.
What actions would get you instantly in a mental home?
Does anyone find it ironic that Congresswoman Waters continues to say that a lot of conservatives have real mental problems?
What does being 27% neurotypical entail for an individual?
Why are depressed people shunned?
Why do BPD's or NPD's refuse to call you their girlfriend?
What are some characteristics of the different types of paranoid personality disorder?
What's the difference between paranoia and persecutory delusions?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about suicide?
Was PTSD something that affected Vietnamese veterans?
What are the specific behaviors you consider to diagnose BPD?
What are some behaviours that you're most ashamed of when you were in a borderline personality "episode"?
How can I explain to my mother that I'm suffering from misophonia?
How can I overcome my approach to anxiety and make my brain think faster when starting a conversation?
Are all drug induced psychotic episodes due to mental illness?
Can a person that has bipolar illness and borderline personality disorder ever have a successful relationship?
What is mental decompensation, and how do you deal with it?
What are the characteristics of mental repression?
Can we drop the idea of psychopath as an identity or label?
Why do people on Quora expand their answers and stretch it outside the box, Even though this isn't an "essay competition"?
Should I do a degree in university if one thought of it makes me depressed?
Is it common for the partner of someone with BPD to lose their social life, abuse alcohol, & feel dependent on their BPD partner?
Why did Hannah commit suicide?
I think my mom is quite depressed. What should I do?
After the discard stage, do narcissists treat their victims as if they were the narcissist?
How do I get over this feeling? I had a breakup in Nov. 2016. I have a panic attack every time I come across anything that is remotely​ related to her.
What are the best things to do to keep your brain sharp?
How can I train my parasympathetic nervous system?
Can a mentally ill person file for asylum?
Can praying to the devil make you schizophrenic if you ask him to make you schizophrenic?
How can I prevent acute stress disorder?
Are you a different person since depression?
Why is it so difficult to tell someone you think you have depression and/or an eating disorder?
Are psychiatrists really aware of how detrimental the side effects of antidepressants are?
Why hasn't my mother been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
What topic should I choose for my final essay about mental disorders?
Is spring anxiety (seasonal anxiety) a thing?
Is there a thing as being too ugly to make friends?
How do you prevent mental decompensation?
Why do I "get depressed" when I'm alone?
How do you deal with suicidal people?
How do I tell my mom I have PTSD?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Is there a word for such severe depression that one is on the verge of suicide?
Did Aaron Rodriguez really turn religious, depressed and suicidal, without anyone noticing it, right up until his death?
Why aren't there more depressed people around? What is it in life that keeps so many people going?
Do you know a story of a mentally weak/naive person who became strong?
Why do people pity those who self-harm, but not those who harm others?
Does Luvox treat depression?
Is hypochondria the same as GAD?
Do atheists ever feel frustrated and depressed because nobody pays any attention at all to their no-evidence argument?
Is it a sign of depression to become critical if I'm on a completely different medication than I thought I was? I had to look it up to verify it.
Trump has worsen my mental illnesses, can I sue him?
Do you take medication for your anxiety? If so, are you concerned about studies that say anxiety medications can cause permanent changes in your brain?
I think I have avoidant personality disorder, should I bring this up with my therapist?
Why do you get depression despite coming from an affluent family and having all the luxuries, the love and affection of everyone, and a good income?
What is the most severe thing a bipolar/schizophrenic person has ever done to you?
Is it possible to reclaim creativity after a long depression?
What should I do whenever I feel depressed or demotivated?
How do I know if I'm an introvert or just extremely depressed?
How true is this about Doraemon that a real Nobita suffering from schizophrenia and he committed a suicide?
Do high-functioning psychopaths understand rules and laws and understand why we follow them?
Are psychiatrists really aware of what goes on inside a patient’s brain who is on antidepressants?
What are the best therapy protocol to treat anxiety?
Why does clinical depression happen?
How often on average should men have sex to stay mentally healthy?
What is a sociopathic child like?
How can I convince my parents to go to a therapist without telling them that I think I’m bipolar?
Is there any depressed person who wants us to support each other through tough times and recovery?
How do I stop letting anxiety and stress ruin my life?
How long should it take (roughly) for your therapist to give you a diagnosis?
Does staying in a mental hospital affect my reputation/record? How could that affect my future?
I have bipolar II disorder. Does anyone have any coping advice? I do see a therapist regularly but I'm afraid of meds & therapy can be uncomfortable.
What are unreasonable reasons and unreasonable frequencies of a psychotherapist taking time off? What crosses the line of being unprofessional?
How do I face reality and quit imagining fantasy and impossible scenarios?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, what are your symptoms besides hallucinations?
What shoud I do to get my degree? It'll take 7 years to have it due to mental illness (schizophrenia). How can I be smarter or disciplined to obtain it?
What types of neighborhoods should I avoid in Atlanta?
How do you warn someone, who is a decent human being, that they’re involved with a narcissist?
How does it feels like to suffer from "aunty shaming" in India?
Can one use characteristical similarities between humans as a basis for suggesting an individual’s mentality?
For someone who is 19 years of age and suffers from Bruxism, is it still possible to repair the damage using natural methods?
Can psychopaths have cognitive empathy?
How do I get therapy without my parents finding out in India?
Why does it happen that I fight with depression for a long time and feel happy for a short period of time and again get depressed? Why is the cycle repeating?
Why does Graves' disease cause anxiety?
Can a non violent person be provoked to commit a violent assault if they suffered years of physical and mental abuse?
What is the reality of depression?
How can a person suffering from bipolar 2 take decisions and control his life?
Is this PTSD or self obsession? I am a survivor of CSA and can't stop the events and details of the abuse from playing in my head.
What happens when a person with HPD/BPD is told what they are? It does not seem as if they realize that their behavior is abnormal, annoying and often disgusting.
How is mental repression explained in psychology?
How can you give support to someone who's having a mental breakdown?
What would happen to a person's physical and mental state if they were buried alive in a coffin for several days?
A therapist withdrew from my BPD child, and now my child hates me. Why?
How do you treat addictive personality disorder?
What do you mean by psychotherapy?
Do psychopaths have anything to compensate for their lack of emotions?
Is memory loss common for people who have bipolar disorder in the manic phase?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
Do you know people who suffer from the so-called "God complex"?
Why do people have split personality?
What drugs can make someone mentally ill?
What would earn a psychopath's unstoppable vengeance against you?
What is the most terrifying mental illness one could experience that they are still aware of, that isn't acute schizophrenia?
Where can I find an online psychologist in India?
What does it feel like to be ill?
Is Demi Lovato really bipolar manic and depressed?
Can I live a good, meaningful life without meditating?
After losing a parent, why can’t I feel anything at all, when I know I should be in pain?
Would someone with the ability to vividly dream & remember most of it to the point it uses most of their actual life away be considered mentally ill?
What shall I do if I feel depressed from being alone?
I am getting very depressed about the events happening in my life. What are some ways to get out from depression?
What “reasonable adjustments” can my occupational health report make?
Is tardive dyskinesia reversible?
I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
If I call 911 saying I am going insane, how long will I be in a mental hospital if I tell them I will hurt myself if they let me go?
What are some of your experiences as a gay man with borderline personality traits?
How can I tell if I am experiencing genuine kundalini or psychosis/schizophrenia?
Why does everyone sound so depressed on Quora?
Is there any new type of mental illness that has been discovered in the last 25 years?
Who in a narcissists life is his primary, secondary etc. supply sources?
Why do I miss being depressed?
Why do psychopaths stare so intently?
How do I deal with my depressed partner?
Are people with BPD dangerous?
How can you beat depression without the help of others?
Should I go to school when my anxiety has flared up?
Is it possible to have BPD and bipolar disorder?
Why is it more acceptable to be a psychopath than a schizophrenic?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
Is there a disorder/disease or mental illness where you are happy one day and totally unmotivated the next?
How do people who suffer from multiple personality disorder, manage their daily life?
Why are there so many references to psychopaths on Quora?
Can narcissists (NPDs) feel affective empathy when they have accomplished their narcissistic supply?
What is the best way to put a narcissist in his place?
How can you manage intense anxiety when you cannot stop the forces causing it?
What is the difference between a syndrome and a disease?
Is there a difference between depression and major depressive disorder or MDD?
Why do psychopaths go to therapy?
What is mental healthcare like in Qatar?
What current depressing situation are you going through?
Why are many school shooters labeled as psychopaths/sociopaths?
Can my therapist or psychiatrist be anybody?
Who are some famous paranoid schizophrenics?
Are the symptoms of bipolar caused from circumstances in life? E.g., is mania just a result of happy circumstances and depression from sad circumstances?
When dealing with suicidal thoughts or depression, did any online suicide prevention/support services help you? If so, which ones?
What are the secret ingredients to building mental strength?
I was recently diagnosed with NPD and AVPD. How can I maintain relationships and keep this from ruining my life?
Are mental illnesses solely subjective judgements by our professionals? Or are there bio markers?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
I'm 25 and I keep thinking about the past a lot. It makes me depressed. How do I put it to rest and move forward?
Does the antidepressant Effexor promote wakefulness and attention in people with ADD/ADHD, just as Strattera does? Or is Strattera the only one?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
Should I keep gaming if it makes me depressed but independent as a teen?
Does a person suffering from NPD know that they have NPD?
Is there a link between an avoidant personality disorder and constant daydreaming?
What are the side effects of being with a person who has bipolar disorder?
Was Keith Moon ever diagnosed with mental illness?
How do I help myself? I have BPD with reoccurring depression & no support or family, and I'm struggling to stay alive.
How can a person with PTSD be successful in school if they can’t focus?
What happens if you steal from a psychopath?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
How do people with borderline personality disorder prevent themselves from crying?
Does masturbation hampers our mental power?
How do I monitor the biochemical markers that give rise to my anxiety?
How should I enjoy the life if I have some mental disorders like autism?
Can a person with split personalities have different mental disorders and abilities in each personality?
How do you know if you are a high functioning autistic?
Would you date someone who tried to commit suicide in their past?
How do I help my husband who is suffering from depression?
Is it bad if I hold back urges to yell out of frustration?
How old do I have to be to get diagnosed with ASPD?
What are some tips to combat mental fatigue after long periods of focusing?
Do people fall into a bell curve of psychopathy: psychopaths as typically described at one end and people empathetic to a fault at the other end?
Can you get over anxiety without medication?
Are people with mental disorders more attracted to other people who also have a mental disorder?
As a senior, what is the best strategy to maximize my mental acuity?
How can I stop depression as a teenager?
What does mental toughness help you with, or having a strong mentality? Are they the same thing?
Where can I find the solution to psychological problems?
How do I handle depression and suicidal thoughts during pregnancy as a single mother?
What stops a narcissist carrying out a smear campaign?
When is supervised visitation required for some psychiatric patients?
What's wrong with me, I know I'm gay but something in my head keeps making me second guess myself?
How bad can depression get if it doesn't go away, and I just ignore it?
What specific gene is involved in psychopathy?
What should I tell to the counselor about my depression?
Is there anyway to find out if I am mentally weak?
Is it better to not share your depression or get diagnosed for depression?
Do you have any recommendations for counseling or therapy in Michigan, USA?
Why do I want to have a mental/personality disorder?
What clinical evidence is there (if any) linking dehydration and depression?
Do psychopaths enjoy bestiality?
What should be done for a person who is suffering from bipolar disorder? They are in a kind of extreme stage of depression.
Is Onision a psychopath?
What should I do to overcome depression? I become over-anxious or over-depressed.
If a natural born psychopath is raised in an environment primed for social anxiety, will any develop?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
What is the likely cause of lethargy barring any grave illness in an otherwise functioning individual?
Do some people fake mental disorder like having NPD or being a psychopath?
Why is the number of people being treated for mental illnesses still rapidly increasing if the most common treatments (therapy & drugs) are effective?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
Is being mentally strong a choice?
How do you deal with anxiety and depression syndrome?
What could this mental illness be?
Are mental disorders more than just behavior habits?
Is having to always be with someone, a sign of BPD?
Why is it so frequent that people with mental illnesses also have severe dental problems?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
Is there any truth to the statement that Psychopaths are incapable of love?
Should I tell my parents that I smoke so they can support me in the quitting process?
How can I live even though I am old and ugly and depressed?
How do I deal with the depression of a bad exam?
I have been having panic attacks since my breakup, will they ever stop?
What is the relationship between being a talented artist and depression?
Is this depression or anxiety I always feel restless and feel like crying?
How did you get diagnosed as a clinical psychopath, sociopath, or ASPD?
When does someone start getting anxiety problems? I'm writing a story where the main character is keeping something huge from everyone for 2 months.
Is depression a genetic disease, or is it affected or triggered by environment?
Do malignant narcissists hoover after discarding you?
Who are some good psychiatrists, psychologists or mental doctors in Pune?
For psychotherapists with many decades of experience, what has changed and stayed the same in what clients have brought to therapy over the decades?
How can I treat anxiety and numbness in my face?
Can meditation make you insane and mental?
What do I do when I'm ugly and want to commit suicide?
How does it feel to fail AIPMT/NEET for the fourth time? I feel very depressed.
Are there any chemistry based or other objective tests for mental illnesses?
What is it like to be in a relationship with a bipolar person?
Is OCD one of the worst mental diseases?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
Is someone with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to be abusive?
Could it be that the recurrent psychological abuse from relatives (not parents but other relatives) causes sociopathic tendencies?
Is there any good way to get rid of a fetish?
If, starting at 12 years, a child is told throughout their adolescence that they have depression, will they eventually have clinical depression?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
Are there any mental diagnoses that require the victim to be held in an establishment?
Which books should I read to help get rid of panic attacks?
Are criminally insane and mentally ill people (who haven't committed an offence) sent to the same hospitals?
How do games affect a child’s mental growth?
Can depression cause constant chest discomfort?
How do I cram 2 days before finals and not have panic attacks?
Does being underweight and not being hungry have anything to do with an eating disorder? Do I have an eating disorder?
If schizophrenia is a condition and not an illness, why can’t it be cured and not just managed?
What distinctions separate BPD and adult child symptoms?
What are the ways to get out of stress and depression?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
Are psychopaths parasites? Do they need victims to survive?
The recent news says that "Instagram is worst social media for young mental health". What's your honest opinion on this?
What do psychopaths think of sex?
How can an average person mentally change mind to improve himself?
How can you start to rebuild your life (particularly around relationships) after a long period of depression?
Are sadness and depression the same? What do you do to cope with them?
If a child was raised by parent(s) with a personality disorder, would the child mimic the behaviour of that disorder without having it themselves?
I'm 29 years old and feel the angriest I have ever been right now. What is the best thing for me to do?
Am I a sociopath? How do I know for sure?
What can you expect when starting medication for schizophrenia?
Is it possible for your brain to ever be quiet?
Can people with NPD be cured or is there a treatment?
How should one cope with the constant "slippage" back to depression particularly when meds poop out?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
What should I do to stop being suicidal and depressed all the time?
How do I cope with loneliness, homesickness, depression when studying abroad?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
Can I go to new psychiatrist if I've just filled a prescription, but am not happy with my old doctor's diagnosis?
Have you ever thought that mental illness doesn't exist?
Can a person have both schizoid and avoidant personality disorder?
Have you ever discovered someone was a sociopath? If so, what gave them away?
My therapist asked me to get my own bedroom, personalize it, and take a photo of it and bring it to him. Is this professional behavior?
What is a hallucination and does it really happen?
I'm in a relationship with someone who is suicidal and depressed, but I want a breakup. What do I say?
How do I help someone with body dysmorphic disorder?
How do I know if I damaged myself by taking a low dose of risperidone for 5 months?
What medications cause hallucinations?
What are some ways to relieve depression?
Why do panic attacks keep coming back after years of nothing?
I'm suffering from UTI and not able to pass stool? What should I do?
What is the best actionable advice for someone who is struggling with depression?
I want to kill someone. How do I control myself?
Do psychopaths ever experience uncontrollable laughter?
What are the types of panic disorders?
What is your opinion on labeling someone who has mental disabilities as retarded in a non derogatory way?
Is it my fault that I was born with a mental illness?
Is it possible to suffer from PTSD after being let go from a job, without warning, after 20 years?
How do I increase my mental strength to keep on going even when the night is the darkest?
Why are psychopaths attracted to careers in mental health?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
How successful would a matchmaking algorithm that would pair people up with similar mental characteristics and uniform choices?
What’s it like to be a narcissist?
Do people abuse drugs and alcohol, or do drugs and alcohol abuse people?
Isn’t it inevitable that people will scream or shout out at others, to reduce their mental stress?
Is it ridiculous if an adult gets relieved from anger and despair by self-harm?
What can a nurse do for psychiatric patients?
Scary thoughts are not letting me sleep. I have anxiety. How do I overcome irrational and scary thoughts?
Whom do we call mentally retarded?
Are there people who can't see any color? Why? Does it affect anything (emotionally, physically, or mentally)?
How can I help my struggling classmate?
Is it bad to always fantasize about a new life when I am too depressed?
How successful can one be in their recovery from schizophrenia if the person is unaware of their mental illness?
I just realised that most of the time of my life I have this weird breathing problem but without being concerned about it. What is this disorder?
Why is mental health such an ignored topic in Indian society?
What are the risks of having anxiety and numbness in my face?
Do you believe that estrogen therapy reduces physical strength in transwomen?
People with BPD see in black or white. Is there a disorder where someone can only see in the gray area?
Is there a personality disorder linked to someone who doesn't believe in romantic love?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
How do I deal with my daughter who has narcissistic personality disorder?
After hearing about gory rape crimes, I constantly feel severely anxious about the safety of my loved ones. It’s affecting my daily life. How do I deal?
How do I protect my Mental Health from the trump administration?
Does stable/euthymic state lasts longer in schizophrenia or bipolar disorder?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
What are the best meds to combat severe anxiety?
Why don't women ask men out?
What are better treatments for anxiety that should be taken?
Why do I get filled with negativity on certain days/times of the week?
If people are so worried about me committing suicide, why aren't they doing anything?
Why can't I stop an obsession with someone, why won't my mind move on if I already have physically? Is this an uncontrollable mental illness?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
What is the best thing I can do to ease the feeling of people with depression or anxiety?
What is a possible way out of a mental prison regardless of the issue?
How do I deal with panic attacks? I am looking for something which helps permanently and not temporarily. Is there a permanent solution to stop having them?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
What recent innovations have been made in the way psychologists think about and treat depression?
Should I go to a therapist and how can I tell my parents?
Does homeopathy work in OCD cases?
Can caffeine be used to treat ADHD in nursing mothers who were diagnosed after having children?
Can Prednisone cause anxiety?
What causes mental decompensation?
Has violence against people with mental illness increased recently in America?
Should I see a psychiatrist or someone else?
What is the difference between being lonely or depressed? How can one know?
How would a psychopath with less of the wiring act?
How do people know about and get the latest and greatest legal pharmaceuticals and supplements for mental and physical health?
The DSM. What good or bad has it done for mental health progress?
What lifestyle changes should I make to cope with anxiety?
Why does nicotine cause anxiety?
How can I stop being anxious while studying?
How can we eliminate the mental illness stigma?
Do some people commit suicide after their partner dies, especially if there is a gap in the relationship of 10-20 years plus or they cannot be without them?
Does someone on antidepressants behave like a mental person?
Can second hand weed smoke cause panic and anxiety attacks?
What to do when we are so depressed by a problem that we cannot fix for a long time up to a point that we want to commit suicide?
I prefer solitude but at the same time being lonely makes me depressed. Social interaction makes me loose focus on my goals. What should I choose?
How have you managed the mental trauma of being put under Performance Improvement Programme in office?
What is the meaning of an obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD)?
What do psychopaths think about book Psychopath Bible?
Has anyone actually overcome depression and suicidal feelings?
Is there any psychiatric condition in which the patient tends to help others?
What is specific social anxiety, and how can a person overcome it?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
Why do I keep having thoughts of suicide although I am perfectly right in the head (no depression, bipolar disorder, etc)?
Which is the best way to quit psychodynamic psychotherapy?
If you have Bipolar Disorder and your thyroid is off, could that trigger a manic episode?
What is the quickest and easiest way to commit suicide?
How do I cope up with my studies after a long psychiatric medicated treatment (2 years)?
Can untreated OCD lead to schizophrenia?
Why do highly intelligent people often suffer from mental illnesses?
Are Northern Europe countries like Sweden the heaven for anti-social and non-ambitious people?
Is there an herb for hearing voices?
How does Dissociative Identity Disorder work? Are the symptoms there for all alters all the time, or are there episodes of the different alters?
Why do people think that rain causes depression?
If a child was not abused, what else causes a narcissistic personality disorder?
After drinking, Dad doesn't talk properly to Mom and me. Conversing with him takes a mental toll on us. Should I isolate him from my world mentally?
Can depression make someone a criminal?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
What are some immediate ways to help a panic attack?
What are ways to suppress depression, without taking drugs?
Do you know any interesting case of faking a disorder?
Have you been peed upon by somebody else?
How competitive are psychopaths?
How do I know when my introversion has turned into a social anxiety disorder?
I was sexually abused as a child. Has this affected me in ways I am not aware of?
Is the feeling of being 'possessed' (not being able to control ones thoughts/feelings) a symptom of dissociative identity disorder or something else?
What are some tips for making myself mentally strong?
Whenever life gets normal, I begin getting depressed again. How do you think I can prevent that or reduce the feeling?
Is mental illness an actual physical illness, or is it merely abstract?
What would a psychopath do if someone is turning people against them using the Internet?
What is the relationship between synchronicity and personality disorders, like BPD?
Is there a way to just be generally diagnosed with any mental illnesses I may have?
What is the worst social media for young people's mental well being?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
Psychopaths, does it affect you that sometimes your actions and your involvement change an outcome of a situation?
Can one catch schizophrenia from raising a kid with schizophrenia?
Can you tell me how mania, the mental illness, can kill you?
How can I overcome shaking anxiety when getting an eye exam, getting a hair cut, or taking pictures (by another person)?
I got multiple 94–100% scores on tests to help assess if someone is a psychopath or not. What should I do?
How are you clinically diagnosed with a mental illness?
Can you be a sociopath without having severe trauma and having had a relatively normal life?
What is it like to have schizophrenia and PTSD at the same time? Is it even possible?
How do I reduce my anxiety?
How can I find online help for depression?
When I read on Quora, it seems to me that everyone is so knowledgeable and I don't know anything, I feel depressed sometimes. What should I do?
How do you cope with early depression killing your dreams because even when recovering, it will often leave you detached and less energetic for life?
Do psychopaths get bored really easy since they can't feel fear or get much of an adrenaline rush? What do they do to keep themselves entertained?
Are 'psychosomatic' issues a medically accepted condition? If so, how does it work? What is the frequency of occurrences? Are the symptoms real?
Have you had thoughts of suicide?
My sister is the reason behind my depression and suicide attempts. What should I do?
How can I avoid depression?
Are mindfulness and heart rate coherence related?
Is there any part of psychopathy that psychopaths would change? If they were reborn, would they choose to be a psychopath or neurotypical?
What can I do when neither therapy nor medication have helped my depression?
How can I convince my parents I am not depressed or self harming?
Are there people who have successfully come out of depression (or are in process of doing so)?
What can I do for my ex who is depressed?
Do gadgets help in overcoming depression? If so what apps/games you suggest?
What do you do when a therapist asks you to do an assignment, but you can't do it? Am I failing therapy?
Has anyone dealt with a narcissistic personality? How did you recover? Do we ever recover?
Why do my eyes water when I'm nervous?
Do sociopaths or psychopaths choose special persons they want to be with/manipulate?
What are the common traits of people who have suffered from emotional trauma?
A girl with signs of mental illness is accusing me of battery. What can I do?
Is there any scale to measure depression? What would make you decide that you are depressed?
Did fMRI & other similar technologies destigmatize psychiatric disorders since we can view them as medical conditions & not the fault of the patient?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Does seeing a therapist and taking antidepressants help depression and anxiety?
What is a psychopath with blindsight like?
Why does love feel like I didn't take my anxiety meds?
What are ways to overcome anxiety in women?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, what is the best method to help him change his mind?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
What can I do to stop anxiety while driving?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
Can narcissism cause OCD?
As a psychopath/sociopath, if an emotion in your limited emotional range were to get erased, which one would you miss the most?
Everyday is a constant battle with depression and suicidal thoughts, I don't feel worthy of life. Should I end it?
Whenever I return to my hometown for any length of time, I become overcome with depression. Is this a common phenomenon?
Could stimulation from sex help someone with anxiety?
Depression and anxiety has driven me to become extremely shy and dumb as well as the development of hyperhidrosis. What should I do?
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
How would psychopaths react if they're "scared" in a way?
What should be done when a person is mentally drained out and they are not getting enough care from their family?
Are there any 'unreasonable' reasons for depression?
If a person has a mental illness, does that mean the person is insane and can't function in society?
How do I know if I have Asperger's syndrome or social anxiety disorder?
I have a feeling that people are criticizing me in their heads. Is it paranoia or social anxiety?
Can OCD change form during life?
Should I quit gaming if it makes me depressed and I want to get fit and better grades?
Do psychopaths understand irony?
When people say mentally and physically, can't you just say physically?
Is psychopathy our default setting?
How do I control stress?
Is it "attention seeking" and "conceited" (in a way) to accept/sometimes say that I have a mental disorder?
How can I explain to people about my mental illness when I don't seem "crazy" to other people most of the time?
Can one experience auditory hallucinations in the throes of high anxiety?
Why do you think many people do not seek help for anxiety problems?
How can one effectively (to an extent) emulate psychopathy?
I’m a doctor​ with no certification. I’m doing my own therapy for musculoskeletal problems. I need certification for my therapy. How can I get it?
Lithium for bipolar keeps manias under control. Does it also prevent the spiral down into suicidal depression?
How does a person get physically and mentally stronger?
How do I know that I need medical attention for depression? What are the general symptoms?
Can a person have both bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder at same time?
I'm 14 and trying to figure out how can I get mental help without directly asking for it?
What are the symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder after being discarded by my narcissistic girlfriend?
How many people would commit suicide if it could be accomplished legally and painlessly?
Hi I am really worried. I suffer from anxiety and OCD. And I suffer from repetitive blasphemes thoughts. I am a christian. i have Thoughts like the unpardonable  sin. Now the thing that worries me is that say I get baptized in the Holy Spirit and I try to speak in tongues. But I can't speak In tongues. Is it possible that I committed the unpardonable sin because I can't speak In Tongues after I was baptized by the Holy Spirit? I have these thoughts about the unpardonable sin like almost every day. I don't want to have these thoughts.
What are some things that psychopaths know they are better at than an NT is?
Is hypnotherapy an effective method of dealing with dissociative disorder?
All of a sudden I've started feeling depressed. What should I do?
Does seal clubbing increase your mental health?
If the abuse wasn't that bad, could it still cause BPD?
How does a sleep-related eating disorder manifest?
Where are some groups for people with bipolar disorder?
Have you ever had a problem that just refused to go away?
I’m depressed because I feel like my life has no meaning. What should I do?
Do people with psychosis or a psychotic breakdown know that about themselves? Are they cognizant they are in an alternate reality/breakdown?
Can anxiety disorder cause EKG/ECG abnormalities?
If mental illness is a result of cerebral chemical imbalances, why aren't diagnoses done by neuroimaging conjuncted with psychological evaluation?
How do I know if my dysphagia is a sign of a physical or a mental problem?
I've been thinking about it and I still can't find a good reason for somebody to commit a suicide. Why do people turn to suicide in desperate moments?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
What not to say to a narcissist?
My parents abused me to the point of wanting to commit suicide and murder. Now that I have money should I share my wealth?
What percentage of U.S. citizens suffer from some type of mental health disorder?
Which is your best experience with or as a psychologist?
Could I have mold poisoning without "allergy symptoms"? I have severe anxiety and brain fog and mildly elevated liver enzymes. How can I get tested?
What are restraints used in mental health institutions?
Is Sigmund Freuds' dream interpretation still relevant in modern psychology and determining causes for mental illness?
How do you get someone oblivious to their mental illness to get help?
What is a temporomandibular disorder?
Are there better medications for OCD on the horizon?
I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow about whether I have depression what do I say?
How can I become intelligent and overcome dumbness or mental retardation (by birth)?
Is there anyone who took PCM by choice, but got depressed in 12th due to consistent falldowns?
What's teen life like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder?
Are SSRIs more effective for OCD rather than depression?
How can I get my mind out of this deep cycle of anxiety and panic feeling?
A man with depression breaks up with you. What do you do?
If a man was born mentally normal but stressful and traumatic events changed him, can he change back? If so, how?
Can frequent headaches be a symptom of bipolar disorder? If so, then how?
How psychological illness causes obesity?
What is the name of the stiffness disorder suffered by mountaineers at higher altitudes?
How can panic be differentiated from depression?
What kind of qualities do you see in psychopaths or sociopaths that you wish you had?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Can someone be so traumatized that no therapist is able to help them?
In Islam, life and death are in God's hands alone, then why are people able to commit suicide?
Gaming makes me depressed as a teen. Should I stop gaming?
Does masturbation cause hair loss and mental fatigue? If yes, then how do I get rid of this?
I suspect my girlfriend has BPD. I accidentally mentioned that I wanted a break up, but we didn't. She's ignoring me, now. What should I do?
Can spirituality cause derealization?
What percentage of bipolar people are helped through medication?
Why do people glamorize depression?
How common is the somatization disorder?
What's the end of depression?
What do I do if I can no longer parent my 16 year old?
Why are mental and emotional health important?
I am getting depressed due to my parents. They treat me so badly. What should I do?
Is there a difference between a psychopath's and a sociopath's stare, and if so, how do they differ?
Why do some people say "greazy" rather than "greasy"? Are they mentally ill?
Do I have some bits of autism?
Do sociopaths also have a paranoid personality disorder?
Why are so many people on Quora depressed?
Should I feel depressed about graduating?
Is it normal to debate yourself in the head? For example, I list the pros and cons of a situation and decide.
I am suffering from emphysema. Can I go to Dharamshala for studies?
What does the mental developmental index mean?
What are examples of some common mental illnesses?
Is there a link between bipolar and narcissistic disorder?
How does a psychopath behave if s/he doesn't care to wear a mask around people?
Can someone with a personality disorder be insane too or become insane?
Is it okay for a sociopath to manipulate people?
How can I move from a mental health job to a corporate job?
If I call 911 and tell them I am going insane and going to kill myself, will I have to speak to my parents before going to a hospital?
How would a sociopath with comorbid BPD look like?
What do narcissists say about their condition?
What are the cures for anxiety and depression?
If you’re philosophically inclined, how do you "shut it off"?
My unemployed dad (former-alcoholic) tries to commit suicide and my mom has anxiety disorder. What can I do in this torturing family?
When I'm depressed I find it difficult to think through complex issues and to inhibit negative thoughts, how do I remedy this?
What is the one word for physically present in one place and mentally somewhere else?
What is the best way to relax mentally in preparation for an exam?
What happens to a person with dextrocardia disorder?
What are some examples of sociopathic tendencies?
Is schizophrenia a mental disability or a mental illness?
How many hours a day should one be involved in a mentally engaging activity to keep their mind from stagnating?
When you are very anxious, what should you do?
How long does paranoia last in a bipolar disorder?
Is it better to be physically safe or mentally safe?
How did you realise you have bipolar disorder and how did you feel?
How do I overcome my glossophobia (speech anxiety)?
How do I recover from big hetination?
Do your body movements respond to OCD intrusive thoughts?
I've been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder, what are some food diets that can help me overcome my illness?
How can I hide from others that I'm a psychopath?
How do you deal with anxiety and its effects?
What are the ways to curb social illness (in general)?
Is depersonalization and derealization a type of psychosis?
Without any degrees or licenses, could I create this business idea that I have for Mental Health?
How is sex like with a bipolar person?
What does abandonment feel like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder, psychologically and physically?
Do separations in life affect the risk of developing schizophrenia?
How do narcissists know to select people who cannot defend their personal boundaries?
I'm always anxious when taking notes. What should I do?
Will Psychopaths fake other personality disorders to confuse their victims?
I feel like hypomanic when only listening to music. Does this mean I'm bipolar and/or manic?
What's the point of living if my depression and anxiety are never going to get better? I'm not contributing to society nor am I really enjoying life.
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
Are people on the dark web more likely to have some kind of disorder?
I'm depressed and no one will listen to me. What can I do?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
Is CBT useful for high-functioning autistics in late teens? This is about a boy in his late teens. Problematic social behaviours sexual in nature.
How do I tell if I have depression?
My mom thinks that diet and exercise will prevent a psychotic episode. She thinks a lot is in my control. I have schizophreniform. What do you think?
What's the best way to help someone with dissociative identity disorder without making it worse for that individual?
Is a person who hears voices and thinks others are spying on them likely to commit suicide eventually?
Do psychopaths like people who have ASPD?
What medical tests exist for 'cured' for illnesses not caused by a parasite?
Is the contemplation of the meaninglessness of existence an effective cure for depression and embarrassment?
Is the feeling I'm feeling depression or something else?
Should I say “I'm gay” to the psychologist that I go to if I don’t want my mum to know that I am?
Is it possible that Hitler had PTSD?
I have a felony record, I suffer from bipolar, and I'm 20, can I save the world?
What would a psychopath’s "world" be like if he/she didn't have to conform to ours?
Why does psychotic depression make you not think right and blame others?
Can constant depression and stress lead to heart attack?
Koko sounds like Quora for mental health. How is it different?
Why would one be so active, enthusiastic, overthink constantly, and be unable to sleep for more than 5 hours?
Is there a specific disability that causes people to develop headaches in crowds?
What do you call the rare mental disorder where you are extremely impressionable and can develop something from researching/thinking too much?
Do you really need to see a psychologist if you know what you have and don't even want to change?
What is it like to have depression and anxiety (by the definition in the psychology field)?
At what age does signs of mental illness begin to show?
How can one expose a likely malignant narcissist to authorities and other trained professionals when children are on the line?
Can I sue someone for saying I have mental illness and using illegal drugs when I don't and have proof?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Have you heard of a propofol pill used to help with trauma and PTSD from narcissistic abuse?
Would a psychopath make a good model?
Where I can found society of mental brahmacharis?
Are tactile hallucinations ghosts?
Is going through depression a spiritual and karmic test?
What is the difference between emetophobia and OCD?
Why aren’t churches mental-disability friendly?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
Can someone recover from BPD?
Why am I usually depressed during most of the day and feel much better in the evenings?
Should I self-harm aloud to force people to like me?
Is there a definitive point in time where we can say Hitler went from sane to insane?
What can I do to get over my anxiety of flying and have a safe, comfortable flight?
How are female hormones linked to social anxiety?
If you feel the need to see a professional in relation to your mental health, does that mean you don't really need the help to begin with?
I’m 15. I have anxiety and depression. My parents think I'm a happy kid who does not get sad ever. I have almost no friends. What do I do?
Was Tom Riddle a sociopath or a psychopath?
Is there something I can read or watch that will help when I'm having a panic attack?
Are lefties more prone to mental illness?
How come I have had major hallucinations from Zoloft after two days?
Is there a relationship between depression and apologizing?
Did anyone with BPD get told they were just being teens when they knew that they did have BPD?
Has BPD just singled out those to whom they are close?
What will you tell someone who is going to commit suicide?
Why are some people content to remain isolated and unemployed over a long time, even though it makes them mentally ill?
How likely are schizophrenics to commit suicide?
What are some psychiatric lies?
At what age do most humans begin losing their mental faculties?
What are some things to reflect on or think of that will help cope with thoughts of suicide?
Since learning about people with PD/NPD, why am I still having a hard time understanding that everything I thought I knew about my ex was a lie?
Can a narc take medication or go to therapy to help with their personality disorder?
What are people depressed about?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorders murder?
What's the best way to get someone with borderline personality disorder (BPD) into treatment or Dialectical Behavior Therapy when they don't believe they have a problem in the first place?
What are some tips to cope with social anxiety?
Should I see a therapist for occasional depression/grief and insecurity in relationships?
What is the worst chronic disease to have? I think it's depression or anxiety. I have and have had many other serious illnesses.
How likely are voice hearers to commit suicide?
Has suffering from depression changed?
How would a psychopath react to a killer clown with a machete walking up to him/her?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
What is a natural cure for paranoia?
Is it possible to develop psychopathic traits as a response to your environment?
What will psychopaths do to someone who succeeded to make them blind, lose both of their hands and legs and let them live that way?
Is it common to fall back into depression if you once where there? How can I avoid to fall back into it?
Can a bad childhood cause adult survivors to lie excessively and uncontrollably? Is it a mental disorder or just plain human nature?
Solipsism is giving me anxiety and depression for months. What do I do?
How would you explain how it feels to not have a personality disorder to someone with a class B personality disorder?
If a person suffering from multiple personality syndrome developed Alzheimer's, do all the personalities exhibit the same level of impairment?
Are there any bipolar disorder sufferers who underwent psychoanalysis or psychodynamic therapy and, if so, what is your experience?
How can I deal with stress, depression and boredom?
Is it common for a therapist to visit mental health professionals themselves?
How do you know if someone is faking a mental illness?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
What is the next therapy session like after a suicide attempt?
How do I continue living without telling anyone about my depression and suicidal thoughts?
Centering on medical studies, are psychopaths born “as psychopaths” or is there always a contributing factor?
Who's worse than a psychopath?
Can you get a panic attack over a relationship?
If someone killed a person in a psychopath’s inner circle, would the psychopath kill them, if given the chance? Or would he simply let the authorities handle it?
Do psychopaths enjoy lying for the thrill?
If one hears sounds that aren't real and sees imaginary people, is he mentally ill or is he experiencing some supernatural powers?
Are narcissists patient when targeting their victims?
How can I get over stress and depression?
What is the best way you or someone you know has found to manage your anxiety without medication?
Why are SSRIs so effective in treating OCD?
I’m 15 and have severe trust issues. Should I talk to a teacher (who has recently been asking if something’s wrong) about my mom being mentally abusive towards me?
Is narcissistic personality disorder a common personality disorder serial killers have?
How do you get a depressed person to talk to you, especially if it's your mother-in-law?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
How can you convince your parents to get you diagnosed as a psychopath/sociopath?
How can I get medical help for my father with Alzheimer’s/dementia? What can we do to bring about his memory?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have different personality disorders in each of his personalities?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
What percent of people who struggle with anxiety/depression as adults came from an abusive childhood, and why do you think that is?
Can someone die from depression alone?
What is a psychopath in simple terms?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What is the treatment for mild paranoid schizophrenia?
What should I do to keep myself from having more depression break downs?
What I have to do for get rid of stress and depression?
Would a covert narcissist ever give up finding supply because he feels he ruins people's lives?
What is my best option when I am being mentally abused in India?
Does a sociopath or psychopath's face truly morph when they transfer into one of their other personalities?
How do you explain that depression is a feeling, directed by brain chemistry, that doesn't go away no matter what action is taken?
How does one get a Psychiatric Service Dog?
Learning how to program is making me depressed, why?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
What are some symptoms of a person with Paranoid personality disorder?
Is it worth visiting a Jero Mangku healer on Bali and how does it work?
What's the most common symptom of manic episode?
Dear psychopaths/sociopaths, do you think it's possible to feel and simultaneously be "completely" logical?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Sometimes when I'm really tired I have insane focus. Why is that?
I consciously employ influence psychology to get what I want, am I a psychopath?
I’m 24 and really want to die because of manic depression and social and normal anxiety. What should I do?
What disorder has symptoms like repetition of words, language problems (language is not clear), and emotional problems?
What medications are prescribed when a person suffers from PTSD and severe anxiety?
I'm being diagnosed for anxiety and depression. Is it okay to skip the course once in a while?
How many people reading this have been diagnosed with a Primary Immunodeficiency?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
Can mapping the human connectome lead to a concrete understanding of mental illness?
How do you perceive people with BPD?
What effect may a FTM transition have on my friend's anxiety, depression, and gender dysphoria?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
Is borderline/narcissist silent treatment harder to endure for people with OCD?
Is there any rehabilitation center in Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Has burnout been classified as a medical condition or a mental illness? If not why not?
Are there any consequences to having mental illness diagnoses in your medical records?
Who experiences euthymic/stable state longer? Schizophrenics or people with bipolar disorder?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
What have been the most helpful words or deeds in helping you to overcome mental problems?
What should a boy do if he is suffering from a mobile addiction?
Is it fair to ask suicidal people to carry on living?
The breathing techniques discovered by Wim Hof can help eliminate depression and anxiety, but can it send blood flowing to anywhere in the body?
I was told that having "fur-babies" or pets as replacement for having children should be considered a mental disorder. What is your opinion on this?
Can lack of control of something in life lead to depression?
Is looking in the mirror a lot at yourself a sign of bipolar mania? Is it just like narcissism, or is it both narcissism and mania?
Have you ever tried to commit suicide, and why?
Does lithium really work for depression?
What is the best way to overcome a really traumatic experience?
Do psychopaths have an innate desire to breed? Do they lust? Do psychopaths enjoy watching pornography? What are the sexual lives of psychopaths like?
Will somebody please shout out 3 awesome things about anyone you know with BPD? Can't we be good parents & friends, too? Can our loyalty be duly noted?
Is it offensive to say someone is "a little bit OCD" or "bipolar" or "ADD" or "schizo" or "psycho" if the person doesn't really have these disorders?
Is it common for people with borderline personality disorder to be brutally honest even when it does them harm?
What is OCD and how to treat it?
Why do people want to be psychopaths? Or have any mental illness for that matter?
How can I cope with day and night bruxism due to anxiety and stress until I can see a doctor about it?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
Does being in a mental hospital benefit the patient?
What is it like to have dysthymic depression and borderline personality disorder?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
What's the best way of bootstrapping when you're really depressed?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
Do anxiety/depression and sleep deprivation have the same side effects as weed?
Why does anxiety cause tiredness?
Does the thought of the average human life depress most people, i.e. eat, sleep, school, and work, etc.?
How come my mother displayed narcissistic behavior to my husband and not to other people?
What are some ways to not let others disturb our mental peace?
How do you lull a psychopath to sleep?
What are the physical ways to reduce tension and anxiety before and during the exam days?
What exactly is eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), and how likely is it to help with PTSD?
What would your life be like if you suddenly no longer had BPD?
Do psychopaths use pets as implements for their masks?
Is it possible that my OCD is causing me to obsess about people from my past?
I am terrified of living. I live in constant dread, fear, anxiety and depression. What can I do?
Should a child born with a deformity (either mental or physical, or both) have the right to live in an already overpopulated world?
How do I get rid of the sensation of my head spinning? It’s been happening for 1 week because of anxiety.
What should be done in case if a person is fighting depression and can not consult a psychiatrist?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
What is the best time table or daily routine for maintaining mental and physical health for a family person?
Is eating only once a day a sign of an eating disorder?
What are psychopaths’ interests?
What do you think about Waldo Bernasconi and Neo-Reichian analytic psychotherapy, the therapy of five motions? Is it scientific?
Why are my coping mechanisms regressing?
Do you think that Dr. Amit Gupta is mentally disturbed these days?
What keeps suicidal people going?
What are some of the best research papers into the effects of cannabis use on the mental health of adolescents?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
I often feel depressed thinking about the future. Knowing that people I am close with will be gone (ex. deceased, moved, etc.). Is this normal?
How do you deal with a partner who thinks your mental illness is something you do on purpose?
From an atheist perspective, can we consider religious practices as a mental disorder?
How can I talk my depressed girlfriend into getting help?
What can I do to stop being a schizoid?
I feel severely depressed, what can I do?
Where can I find a good psychologist in Jaipur for eating disorders?
Scientifically, can a person suffer from boredom?
Can I be denied mental health services in jail?
If someone is in a depression, trauma or any other mental cause, then is counselling/psychiatric treatment required?
How do I deal with anxiety without running from it?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager forever and improve my life?
Why do I get sudden rushes of adrenaline?
Can getting made fun of too much cause mental illness?
When should one take meds for mental disorder?
How do I approach or set up an appointment for bipolar disorder? I was diagnosed in 2013, but I never continued treatment.
How can I get over my severe social anxiety enough to not mess up every relationship I have before they even have a chance to be something?
How does it feel to not have social anxiety?
What is the significance of the exposure therapy when treating phobias?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
How was the LGBT movement converted into a byproduct of genetics, and not a symptom of mental illness?
How does a psychiatrist choose between diagnosing a patient with NPD versus a diagnosis as a sociopath?
Will a separation from your parents help you to get over depression?
What would happen if I was misdiagnosed as bipolar and took Seroquel for 3 nights (50m, 50mg, and 100mg) for this condition and for insomnia?
My father is schizophrenic, what will happen to me?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder ever feel remorse?
When does the onset of schizophrenia begin? Is it noticeable at first?
Are more people depressed than ever or am I incorrectly perceiving the world that way due to myself being so depressed?
How do I fight PMS-related depression? I also suffer from hypothyroidism which causes frequent bouts of depression.
What are some common traits that people confuse between psychopaths and sociopaths?
How long does depression last. Does it end or you learn to live with it?
Why do I self harm?
Why is depression sometimes sexually appealling?
What are alternatives when therapy exacerbates rather than mitigates?
Does anyone else feel anxious when your cellphone rings?
What is the best natural stress relief for ptsd?
Do other sociopaths also suffer from getting bored to fast from certain songs, they actually admire?
Are impressed and depressed related in anyway?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Is it possible to date someone with BPD and to not be always anxious of accidentally saying the wrong thing?
Can depression (or other mental illnesses) cause your body to function differently (e.g., how tall you grow, your metabolism, how your cells work)?
Is there any help I can get regarding my mental health for free in Delhi?
What is the cause of the mental depression that the world is going through?
How do psychopaths and people with ASPD deal with boredom?
How are the different types of mental disorders treated?
Why do some specialists give titles to the people that are suffering from a mental disorder if behaviours are changeable by own good will?
Now that we know what Trump will do as President of the United States, at what point will enough be enough? He is a cheat, liar and mentally unstable!
Do psychopaths make good shoplifters and are they better at it than neurotypicals?
Why is mental illness used as an excuse by some abusers?
Does prenatal depression affect the baby?
How much should you rest in a day?
Can shadow work or working with the shadow self help cure intrusive thoughts?
Why am I feeling anxiety about a kiss I did not consent to?
What is a functional movement disorder?
How long will it take until people with mental illnesses are treated like regular humans?
Sometimes in our lives we get depressed. What are the different reasons for depression?
Does criticism become less painful for someone with BPD when they make progress in their disorder?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
What is the difference between aspergers syndrome and generalized/social anxiety disorder?
How can I deal with OCD, ADD, and bipolar disorder?
Does the government offer medical licenses to aspirants who are diagnosed with psychiatric conditions?
Is it possible to lead a meaningful life with a severe mental illness?
Is Dota 2 a fun and addicting game that can keep me restrained from thinking about depression?
What is the savest and "easiest" way to commit suicide?
What role can technology play in helping people who suffer from depression?
What are the things which can give you mental peace?
How can I control distractions which I encounter during depression or overloaded happiness?
Can you go insane from an internet video?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Can overthinking past mistakes turn you into a depressed person?
How do I safely ask for help when I have a dependent personality disorder?
Besides the obvious medications and therapy, what activities, supplements, decisions, etc. have helped you live a meaningful life despite having BPD?
Which Naruto characters are sociopaths?
Why do some people tend to attract people with personality disorders into their life?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
What is the point of trying when people are bloodthirsty and crazy?
Is psychosis, paranoia and persecutory delusions more common among bipolar I or bipolar II?
Does inactivation of the mGluR5 receptor in OCD patients help stop obsessions or only compulsions?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
How will they diagnose dissociative identity disorder professionally? Do they run any machines or do they just ask questions and provide surveys?
I was left by a woman who couldn't understand that all I wanted was a trustworthy and loyal partner. Could my BPD been the cause of her infidelity?
Why mental health matters to global health?
I'm only fourteen, and I think I'm depressed. What do I do?
What do people who are unable to work (due to illness) do to fill their days?
Are sociopaths typically hotheaded?
Do my parents have to be notified if I want to see a therapist privately?
My dog died last night and now I’m depressed, what can I do?
Is anxiety linked to baldness?
Why were people with mental illness abused in the past, and currently in some countries?
When it comes to prescribed medications to treat mental illness, what is the difference between being dependant and being addicted?
Where can I find more information on a psychological therapy method called "rescue therapy"?
Do people with bipolar disorder during grandiose state behave like they know it all just like narcissists?
What are alternatives to lorazepam to treat an anxiety disorder?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
Do female psychopaths exist?
I'm sure I used to suffer from OCD when I was a child. How do I tell my parents this?
What are the reasons of someone with BPD getting fired from work?
Why doesn't the mental health system work?
Do therapists recommended different clothing to their patients?
How do I deal with being diagnosed with schizophreniform disorder?
How do I tell my boss I have depression and anxiety and will need time off to go to therapy appointments?
How many of you have thought of committing suicide, and why? And what stopped you from going ahead?
Could bipolar disorder and GAD cause one’s personality type to alternate between ENTP and ENFP?
Can you make yourself manic?
According to some studies, people with bipolar disorder have increased empathic concern. If so, do bipolar narcissists have more empathic abilities?
How can I find out whether I'm disturbed or depressed?
How do you, as a bipolar diagnosed, feel that the "disorder" is affecting relationships?
How do I deal with my 26 year old brother that is immature but also suffers from intense depression?
I live in the UK. If I get diagnosed with depression, will I get signed off work?
Is anxiety normal when switching from Sertraline to Escitalopram?
How can I cure a dissociative disorder?
What is some advice for someone with BPD who is trying to recover?
How does it feel to have bipolar disorder along with borderline personality disorder?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
How can I get excited when I need to stay calm in order to prevent triggering anxiety?
I have a lot of anxiety over presentations and social interaction. How can I overcome this?
Is there at least one atheist or agnostic psychotherapist, counselor, psychiatrist, or other mental health professional working in Nairobi?
Do you ever really get out of depression and being suicidal and self harming if you don't go to a doctor?
What should I do if I self-harm but don’t know why?
How do I change my sister's mentality?
Can anxiety cause loss of sensation in hands?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Do people with BPD realize when they are emotionally manipulating their partner?
Why do people with BPD deny having BPD?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
Might a person with BPD fake hallucinations and psychosis to get what they want (love, attention, or forgiveness)?
Recently, my parents suffered a huge financial loss of 70 lacs Rs? Both of them are inconsolable and are in a deep depression. What should I do?
How do makers of apps & digital services for people with depression design to keep those depressed people from simply retreating into the technology?
What is myeloproliferative disorder?
How does someone personally deal with a sleep-related eating disorder?
Is anyone in Pakistan living with severe social anxiety disorder?
What disorder (mental) would make a person show no facial expressions?
What are good free resources to help someone with borderline personality disorder? And how do you get someone with BPD to get help?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
What are some daily things you can do that make you mentally stronger?
Why do people in India neglect mental health and visiting a psychiatrist is considered more of a taboo?
How do you tell an NPD parent that they are NPD and still have a relationship?
Do psychopaths ever feel smug? If so, when?
Seeing as how psychopathy isn't a diagnosable condition, what were psychopaths diagnosed with?
Why do happy people tend to refuse medication when falling ill?
Just how mentally ill do psychologists and therapists believe Trump to be?
Can poverty be related to psychological disorder? (In any possible way)?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What hapens when a psychopath grows up in a good environment and is taught to feel empathy and not to hurt or manipulate others?
After recovering from depression, how do I regain the full cognitive ability and strength I once had?
Who volunteers in a support group for people with depression?
How is meditation viewed in religion?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
Is the serotonin hypothesis about OCD the strongest one?
What happens to one’s body if it gets too little sleep (too few hours) for a longer time frame?
Why do people suffer from depression?
How do I help a friend who is suicidal but terrified of therapists?
What are people’s experiences with recovering from overtraining syndrome?
How do I get a girlfriend when I'm depressed?
I want do be put in psychiatric hold so someone will finally see I have a problem with depression and maybe bipolar 2. Should I do it? If so how?
In the UK, what is the legal/medical term for a high functioning psychopath or someone who has those traits?
Are people with borderline disorder delusional, or do they often misinterpret what is being said and what is actually meant by that?
How do I overcome depression after a bad performance in NEET?
What is the safest and easiest way to commit suicide?
How have your son's struggles with schizophrenia affected your opinion of the condition (not of the people afflicted with it)?
What are the different types of mental disorders?
How can one become a monk? Is it the displeasure for worldliness or is it simply another phase of depression that leads one to think that way?
Why do I get depressed when I get anxious about something? My fiancé will be on a different shift soon, right now I'm upset, but nothing has happened.
Is Neurofeedback (to treat anxiety) safe?
What is the solution if a depressed person refuses to consult doctor and the person is harming the family?
Is it common to not feel loved by a borderline type?
As a therapist, has a patient ever straight up lied to you?
How does a psychologist make a differential diagnosis between NPD and OCPD? Considering the controlling nature of both disorders.
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
Can crazy people ever become sane again?
Does an anxiety attack make ADHD symptoms worse?
Do I have anxiety disorder when I told my mom I was ill so I didn't have to go to school since I would've been late and I would be stared at in class?
How do I know if it’s depression or bipolar issues?
Is mental ability also a part of BITSAT?
Why do people suffering from anxiety fear they have gone crazy and are just hallucinating their whole life?
Is there anyone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder in Bhopal?
How would someone self harm in the summer?
Is the way Christians relate to suffering different from the way in which people with other belief systems relate to suffering?
How did you discover that your crazy partner may have borderline personality disorder?
Do people with BPD regret their anger?
Is it homophobic to say that homosexuality isn't innate but rather a psychological disorder which in many cases, is curable?
Self pity seems a self defeating behavior. How can someone be encouraged to break free of it? Thinking mainly of people with personality disorders.
When does a proposed disorder becomes an official disorder? And where do you check if it's really officially recognized in medicine?
Is it bad that I resent my mentally ill sister, after she dropped out of two universities, leaving us broke?
Do you believe it is better for a client to plan what to discuss in a psychotherapy session or just allow things to "naturally" unfold?
How do I deal with my husband's extreme sloppiness?
Can bipolar I disorder comorbid with bipolar II disorder?
How do I tell this girl at school that vaccines don't cause the illnesses that they're supposed to prevent?
I want to make a company of psychopaths, how do I do it?
I feel depressed at times, but perfectly fine. My depression comes along at sporadic times, usually small things sparking it. Am I bipolar?
Are there people of the 'too lazy to commit suicide' variety?
Can I become a therapist if I have social anxiety?
Can weed trigger anxiety problems that would last for months?
Why is it that a large percentage of people that commit suicide, do it by hanging themselves? It seems there are a lot better options.
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
How would you deal with living with a depressed, suffering flat mate who does not engage in social norms?
What are the traits/characteristics of a mentally, psychologically healthy/balanced/strong person?
Are there differences in someone being bipolar and someone having BPD, and if so, what are they?
Why should I live if mental illness ruined my life?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
If a small child was molested, would he develop a mental illness?
I have been having suicidal thoughts and intents for a while now. Should I just ignore this? If I had access to ways to successfully do it I would.
How do anti-depression pills work in our bodies?
Can a diagnosed sociopath or psychopath become a social worker/therapist/psychologist?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
Why do SSRIs work on obsessions?
What is psychological abuse?
I've been depressed for 3 years now. I'm considering suicide. What should I do?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
Psychopaths: how did your inner circle find out your diagnosis and how did they react?
How do you leave someone with BPD?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
I am depressed at school, what can I do?
If POTUS were to be effectively incapacitated by a mental condition, such as senile dementia, how would the government administration deal with this?
How can we get longterm relief from depression without medication?
Is grandiosity a symptom of psychosis?
What can I do if I'm trauma bonded with my ex-narcissist?
Are murderers with mental illnesses simply discharged?
What is the difference between having "schizoid personality disorder" and being "emotionally detached"?
What's the best way to ease the feeling of someone in anxiety or depression?
What do you think of Onision's video "10+ Signs You're A Psychopath"?
Is it possible to make a psychopath angry and lash out?
Why do I wish I was a psychopath?
As per Islam, life and death are in God's hands, then why are people able to take their own lives?
Who is coping with a mental disorder? How old are you? What is it and how do you cope?
Why don't mentally healthy people have mercy towards people who have mental illnesses?
What are meditation techniques used to overcome anxiety?
How can I cope with depression/manic bipolar episodes without seeing a shrink (I can't afford Obama Care)?
How long did it take you to get over your depression and become happy again?
How can I treat my obsessive love disorder?
Could depression be rooted in lack of gratitude?
Are you really co-dependent or did you end up in a co-dependent relationship with a borderline without realizing it?
What is your trauma?
Is there any good reason to stop taking ecstasy/MDMA?
How can I convince my mom to get help for her mental illness?
Why are schizoids (schizoid personality disorder) so weird?
Why do many students suffer from mathematics phobia?
Is it possible to have mild bipolar or anxiety?
Is there any type of OCD that happens only when you are on the internet (let’s say an internet sub-type of OCD)?
Do only depressed people think of committing suicide?
What if I diagnosed my partner as a narcissit wrongly?
How should I tackle terrible social anxiety in university?
What are some of the more unusual ways people have committed suicide?
I find it difficult to speak about anything when I see my counsellor. How can I overcomes this besides coming off medication?
What happens when you get diagnosed with anti-social personality disorder/psychopathy? What tests are involved, time length, etc.?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
When are you tempted to stop taking your psychiatric medications in order to feel more brilliant?
How does Phenergan treat anxiety?
How many different types of narcissism are there and what are they?
Does being diagnosed with a mental disorder as a teenager affect the chance of becoming an astronaut?
I think my anxiety is causing depression. I do not know what to do. My parents think depression is a way of getting attention. What should I do?
What does being in a depression feel like? I feel like I am depressed.
What are the risks of exaggerating bisexuality in oneself as a form of exposure therapy?
Is there any psychotherapist online for counselling? Who is the best?
What type of paranoia commonly occurs in bipolar disorder?
Is a person with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to have abusive tendencies towards a partner?
I graduated from high school. What do I do now?
Is it possible to be a psychopath and have schizoaffective disorder?
Does the stable state last longer in schizophrenia or in bipolar disorder?
Is it just depression if you have absolutely no will to live?
Can an autistic person become a therapist?
At what age can someone be clinically diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder?
Why do my psychiatric symptoms appear only after noon?
Is there any real hope that a female sociopath can change if they admit their ways and are sorrowful?
Is there another difference between bipolar type 1 and type 2 besides the severity of the two disorders?
I have a powerful urge to jump off my balcony. I'm not suicidal but the urge is so powerful, that it makes me panic. What is wrong with me?
May is Mental Health Month, so why place a label on people? Why is there such a stigma?
If doctors were diagnosed with their specialty, how would they want to be treated physically, emotionally, and mentally?
Do you have any advice for an adult waiting on a diagnosis of autism?
This world is conditional, and we are only wanted if we are useful, so how can someone be labeled as "depressed," when it makes sense to feel down about life?
How can I transform myself to become my greatest version physically and mentally?
I always find myself either wanting things to be perfect or not wanting anything at all. This gets me depressed. What should I do?
Statistically speaking, what percentage of homeless people have a mental illness?
Can OCD be treated with medication?
What would happen if everyone fell into a deep depression?
Is it possible to "turn" into a sociopath later in life if you've been through traumatic experiences, have traits, but still feel empathy?
What can I do for someone who has depression?
Why does suicide feel like the only way out? I would be sparing myself mentally and emotionally. Am I just defected, or am I just normal?
How do I, as a clinically depressed person, get through to my narcissistic brother, who is coming to visit? He has no clue how stressful it will be for me.
My father thinks my clinically diagnosed ADHD is fake and has been prohibiting me from getting medicine. What should I tell him?
Why do I zone out so often and is it a cause for worry?
How can you treat/cure a specific case of depression?
What are some key differences between different severities of ADHD? Mild-moderate-severe?
Are there some people that therapy cannot help/ some mental illnesses that cannot be eliminated?
Why does isolation drive someone insane?
Is it any better or worse for recovery to try and resist the symptoms of drug-induced movement disorders?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
How can we tell if a client is suffering from BPD rather than being extremely anxious-preoccupied?
What is the best doTERRA oil for treating anxiety?
What's the story behind Spoony's mental health issues?
What kind of therapy would you suggest when recovering from the trauma of a BPD/NPD relationship?
Has anyone went to therapy thinking they have a mental illness and were really suffering, then found out they are fine and just exaggerating?
What will happen to me mentally and physically if I continue to suppress my negative emotions?
If someone told a therapist that they had been spoken to by god, how would they be diagnosed?
Could autism and some other mental health issues be the next stage in evolution?
What is homosexual obsessive compulsive disorder (HOCD)?
What is bipolar? How does it feel? Because I’m not sure if I suffer from it.
What is the psychological reason for anxiety caused by unread text messages?
Are there any known people who could be sociopaths (not psychopaths)?
I feel very depressed and useless. How do I prevent suicide?
Is Abbas Naderi a psychopath?
How do you stay mentally strong around negative people?
Would it make sense to prescribe someone with mixed depression/anxiety a stimulant like amphetamine plus a non sedating anxyolitic such as buspirone?
Will my "depression" ever go away? I'm supposedly bipolar, and I say it that way because I feel that borderline mental illness might not be real.
Is 'compulsive lying' a medical disorder?
Do people with bipolar disorder find that their creativity decreases or is lost due to the effects of psychiatric medication?
What sorts of thoughts run through your mind when you see a mentally disabled person?
Why does my social anxiety go away when I speak another language?
How can I ensure my overall mental development?
How we can reduce suicide while under depression?
Do we have any responsibility towards depressive people, and how do we fulfill this?
Can a psychopath feel irritability or something when they don’t get enough sleep?
What should I do about my extreme social anxiety?
Do you tend to feel miserable with having schizoaffective disorder?
Does everyone feel depressed at some point in their lives and does it ever go away?
How can you convince your mom that your brother has depression?
Is social anxiety a mental disorder or a mindset?
Is it possible that my OCD is getting worse even if my mood is getting a lot better?
Why does my mom self-diagnose herself with OCD?
How did transgender people survive the mental anguish in centuries past when no medical intervention was available?
Can someone with social anxiety become a psychologist?
How many people suffer from mild depression globally?
Why did humans develop mentally more than physically?
What neurotypical behaviors are most puzzling to psychopaths?
Can anxiety be traumatizing?
How can I divert my attention from a life problem which causes depression?
Why do I get depressed when I'm on the Internet for a long time?
Depression has made me a better person. Without trying to "get rid of it", what are some ways to manage it?
How do you deal with anxiety/constantly not feeling good enough?
Why does my wife incist on me having shaved genitals?
Do people with BPD ‘love bomb’ like narcissists?
How do I overcome depression due to delay in getting pregnant?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
How does PTSD affect tenants in the home?
I just lost my job, my mom is dead, I've been going through mental problems. What should I do?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
How can you overcome and/or thrive while having Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
What would happen if I stopped taking all my bipolar medicines?
Is anime safe for people with depression?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
Can you get your looks back after depression?
My parents are never going to accept the fact that I'm in severe depression who needs a treatment. What should I do?
How can I check to see if my mental health is good?
What is known as the study of emotions?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
Can the voices that a schizophrenic hears be friendly or are they always harsh?
What are some strategies to have better resistance to mental abuse?
Aren't the people who aid & abet severely obese, bedridden family members mentally ill?
I was wondering if I may be considered to have OCD?
What are the ways to overcome depression after failing consecutive exams even after working hard for it?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
What makes you get over depression faster?
How do I cope up with the stress from JEE prepartion?
What are some ways to relax your mind out of all of your anxiety and stress?
Can a psychopath tell that they're a psychopath before they've been diagnosed?
How can I cure low sperm count due to stress, anxiety and depression?
What symptoms does a person with Pellagra have?
Why do people suffering depression push other people away?
Do people act crazy to stay sane?
Does Ayahuasca cure anxiety?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
How do I write an appeal letter to get into the Army Reserves when failing on the medical for recurrent depression (very mild)?
What narcissistic trait do BDP men have?
Do some people without mental illnesses feel that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live?
Which zodiac signs are likely to be psychopaths and sociopaths?
What are some celebrities with multiple personality disorder?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
What would you say is the worst thing about being a sociopath/psychopath?
Can I cure a derealization disorder by not thinking about the things that caused it?
Why does BC have the highest number of hospital visits due to mental illness?
Have people completely recovered after depression?
Can bipolar disorder be self diagnosed?
Have you ever wished for depression? Why or why not?
What is insanity and at which point can a person be classified as "medically insane"?
I am 30 years old. I am suffering from pure OCD. I just have obsessions and rare compulsions. I tried medicines, yoga, but nothing’s helping. What do I do?
If someone assaults someone because they are mentally disabled, would the charges be any different?
How do I get away from depression? I just came out of a depression but now once again it has hit me.
How do I make myself better in just one month? How do I overcome my depression and make myself happy?
I want to be a music producer, but every time I come across an answer which has IIT in it, I feel depressed. What should I do?
Why does it seem that mental health/personality disorders are on the rise?
What are the best multivitamins to prevent Alzheimer's/dementia?
Are there any treatment centres that specialise in addiction and borderline personality disorder comorbidity?
If you had to pick someone with a mental disorder to become your significant other, what disorder would it be?
How can I keep nicotine from causing me anxiety?
Do covert narcissists really think THEY are the ones being subjected to toxic, gaslighting, crazy making people or do they know they are projecting?
Do I have to accept the fact that I'm never going to overcome depression?
How do I self harm?
How do I help my sibling find success, deal with 6 years of depression and stop his suicidal thoughts due to a low undergrad GPA?
What are the best methods to improve Depression and anxiety without Meds?
Is listening to music good or bad for our mental health?
Who thinks that Alexis Ren has an eating disorder?
Are weird thoughts caused by anxiety and depression?
How can I get out of depression when it feels like nothing matters anymore and that no one actually cares?
What causes bipolar?
How do other people really look at mentally ill people?
What's the cheapest, easiest and best way to commit suicide? Don't give me suicide prevention stuff.
What do you think about starting to go to a psychiatrist or psychologist if I feel like I'm having some serious problems with my mental health?
When a psychologist develops a mental disorder, do they give therapy to themselves?
Do psychopaths let people walk over them because they don't care enough to do anything about it?
What are the main challenges with patient feedback in mental health services?
How do I know if someone is bipolar?
Why do people throw around terms like "sociopath" and "psychopath" without knowing what they truly mean?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
How can you help someone else with their PTSD flashback?
What are some of the best stories about schizophrenia?
I think I am depressed. What can I do?
How do I stop being a jerk when I am depressed?
Is it possible for me to overcome severe depression caused by ragging?
Is writing to relieve OCD related anxiety counterproductive in this case?
What are the chances of me getting bipolar disorder since my birth mom has it, and is there a way I can make my chances lower?
Is it hard to get into clinical mental counseling programs?
How long did it take you to really "see" all the symptoms and behaviors of your mental health diagnosis?
I’m drowning from social anxiety. What should I do?
What are some useful lists to commit to memory for mental/speed math?
I am feeling really hopeless, what shall I do?
What were you depressed about?
Is it possible for some psychopaths to have shallow empathy/remorse or is the underdevelopment of the amygdala an all or nothing situation?
How can I cope with the fact that there are insane people out there?
Why are members of ISIS not in mental hospitals or prison?
What happens if an airline asks "is there a doctor aboard" and a mentally ill fraud gets up to "help" a heart attack victim, who is responsible?
Can getting raped and molested as a child cause bipolar disorder later in life?
How should I tell my parents I have anxiety?
How do I help my boyfriend with his mental illnesses?
Has anyone ever scored the maximum points on a depression test?
Would psychopaths become a neurotypical person for just one day in order to understand them better?
What is the worst thing that could come from intense anxiety?
How can I live without depression?
Is drinking a sign of depression?
Can you get depressed after too much pressure?
How badly do people with BPD experience paranoia?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both ADHD and a mood disorder?
Is there any illness that causes one to steal money always?
Am I mentally strong if I always hold my tears in front of other people?
What should I do as a person who has depression and experiences heartbreak?
I am so depressed at this moment. What should​ I do?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
As an unemployee, how do you overcome the mental pressure?
How does one cope with stress in law school?
Does weed make a mental illness worse?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
Can you help a psychopath?
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
How can I be ok with letting someone in?
Which is better for anxiety - allopathy, Ayurveda, or homeopathy? I am suffering from anxiety, but I don't want to take tablets that will control my thoughts.
How long does euthymia last in bipolar disorder?
3 years ago, I ended an abusive relationship. At times, I still have PTSD symptoms. Is it normal, and will it ever go away on its own?
Do you believe there is a major difference in recovery from mental illness for those of higher intellect?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
Why do mentally ill people use the illness as an excuse?
How can people with borderline personality disorder handle the death of a loved one?
How does it feel when you get out of depression?
I remember hating people very quickly when I was a child. Why was that? Is it normal?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths ever fake cry, when getting in trouble as children?
What is the best cure for 'Performance anxiety'?
What are some ways to tell whether someone has mental health issues?
What are some good methods that can relieve you from anxiety?
How common is it for abusive parents to have their children misdiagnosed with mental illnesses as a method of avoiding responsibility?
How do I get over anxiety and increase my confidence about driving?
Would some jobs be forbidden for me if I would go to a therapist who might diagnose ASPD on me?
I am 100% sure that I have ASPD, I want to go to a therapist but I don't want my mother to know, what should I do?
Is it bad that I treat my social anxiety as a human being to help cope with it?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
Did you struggle with depression as a teenager? Do you feel you still battle it as an adult?
How do I help my suicidal and depressed brother?
I’m going through depression. I have really mean classmates. I feel suicidal. No one gets how I feel. How to I stop this from affecting my studies?
Do people with borderline personality disorder get very jealous?
Why do some Asian people not believe in mental illnesses?
Why does depression lead to doing more drugs?
How do people with PTSD concentrate?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
What is the best way to spread the word to the world about narcissistic parents and about the mental & physical torture they bring towards children?
How do the different types of mental disorders affect people?
How can one deal with siblings who talk down to you, or bully you, because of past mental health issues?
What are the pros and cons of taking anxiety medications?
Can I get some opinions on whether I should seek help?
Is nail biting a sign of psychological disorder like narcissism or psychopathy?
Should I work on vulnerability, trust, anxiety and depression with an emotionally focused therapist or an IFS/EMDR therapist?
Without having a mental illness, what are other reasons a person might experience "voices"?
How can anyone come out from mental harassment?
Is the bipolar test on the internet true?
Are there any methods (psychiatric or otherwise) that are proven to help with the symptoms of Narcissistic Victim Syndrome?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
I’ve been depressed for years and my parents are not taking me seriously. What should I do?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Do therapists look up your mental health chart?
What are some good jobs that people with bipolar disorder can do?
Are spiritual people more prone to depression?
Why am I so addicted to procrastination?
What should a complete session with a good therapist cost in Delhi?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
Can I sue a psychiatrist who prescribed me antidepressants without telling me about the detrimental side effects?
How common is abuse in mental institutions?
How do you mentally prepare yourself two days before a major examination?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What sort of mental issues does Trevor Phillips from GTA V suffer from?
How long do people go see a psychiatrist?
Why is my therapist sending me birthday messages with hugs and love instead of asking me why I terminated therapy abruptly?
Am I actually depressed? How should I seek help?
What is it like to suffer from depression?
Is there a difference between heart break and depression?
Is pain physically real or mentally?
Can a psychopath be friends with someone who is super sensitive?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
A lady has periodic mental phases. She speaks a lot during that and is very nonsensical and turns religious. What can the problem be?
Do people who suffer from PTSD also suffer from paranoia?
Is it normal to feel mentally sick?
Do these traits suggest antisocial personality disorder or another Cluster B disorder?
How do I overcome anxiety as a teen?
What should you do if someone is having a nervous breakdown?
What do I do to identify what type of narcissistic disorder I have?
There is a sense of depression and you don't know the reason behind it. What do you do?
Why are more and more people affected by stress, anxiety, and depression, compared to the past and previous generations?
What brought you to depression, can you talk about it and would you dare to share your story?
I've been on the same meds for 20 years. I want off. Will my general practitioners help me get away from a psychiatrist and the meds?
What would be your advice for a third year law student who is currently single, broke, introverted and depressed?
How do I tell my parents that they need to see a marriage counselor or some other form of therapist/psychologist?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
What words would you tell someone who is a manic bipolar?
What are the differences between having a very anxious-preoccupied attachment style and suffering from BPD?
How far are we from finding a cure for the mental disorder known as atheism?
How do people with bipolar disorder feel during a grandiose state?
How come a narcissist can't apologize or realize they are wrong?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, do you genuinely feel love for anything?
How does a person stop being a compulsive liar?
What are some experiences of a person living with bipolar disorder?
Why is my social anxiety worse when I'm around my family? I go out of my way to avoid them because they make me feel nervous and I hide from them.
Is it possible to engage in eating disorder behaviors with without actually having one?
How will I tell my parents that I am sad or nearly depressed and I seek counseling?
How can a therapist deal and solve weird and uncommon phobias that are extremely severe?
What are your quick personal strategies when you feel depressed in the middle of the vicious cycle of negative thoughts?
Can a child be a psychopath?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
Has grading in education affected your mental health?
Why are depressed people more realistic?
Do Low Functioning sociopaths blend in like their High Functioning counterpart?
What are some jobs for mental health counselors that are not in health care?
Can you be suicidal but not depressed?
Is Sense8 about something that is kind of like DID (dissociative identity disorder), but in reverse?
If one has dissociative identity disorder, how can she stop switching her personality?
Has internet made people smart or hopeless mental cripples?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
Does someone who constantly cleans his desk with Kleenex while talking to you suffer from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder?
If I'm a sociopath/narcissist, should I go to a therapist or psychiatrist?
How can someone with borderline personality disorder start to make close friendships?
Psychopaths and sociopaths, how did you react when you were first diagnosed with this "disorder" and what were your first thoughts on it?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
Would a sociopath make a great psychologist?
Is thinking of committing suicide normal? How bad is it, and how does one overcome it and stop it?
In what ways do mothers with borderline personality disorder affect their children?
What would be the best way to go about getting diagnosed?
If you have a mental illness, how do you train your mind to be tough?
What do psychopaths think about Adolf Hitler?
Does jealousy cause paranoia or does paranoia cause jealousy?
Do psychotherapists provide the same legal provision for client confidentiality as lawyers do?
What are the stupidest reasons for commiting suicide?
How can anxiety make you feel weak?
Is racism a psychological disorder?
Can a narcissist use doing good to others to get his supply?
How do I bring up self-harm in therapy?
How do therapists feel when it turns out the person they had committed to a mental hospital returns worse off than when they entered?
Is dementia genetic?
Why are so many human beings mentally ill?
Love is a mental illness that destroys the mind. How can it be cured?
Would a lo- functioning psychopath murder you if you attempted to take revenge against them?
What do psychopaths think of the Wikipedia article on psychopathy?
Can one prevent mental aging and the mental decline that comes with it?
Is creativity more common among bipolar 1 disorder or bipolar 2 disorder?
How does a sociopath react when you move on?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths usually become killers?
My crush ran away after sex and I've lost confidence in myself. How do I regain it?
Why do people suffer from anxiety mostly at night?
Do insects have mental illness like humans?
I form patterns and if I can't cope with them, I feel stressful. Is it some disorder?
Can you cure misophonia?
How do you handle stress when you have clinical anxiety?
How do I overcome stress and anxiety one day before the BITSAT?
Is Mark David Chapman still mentally ill?
Can you have bipolar and borderline personality disorder?
Is there any good reason to stop using Ecstasy/MDMA?
What else can cause BPD besides childhood trauma?
What is it like to have a psychological mind?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Calicut?
Are there any anxiety/depression support groups in Chennai?
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
How can I recover from the depression of failure in my educational career upon graduation?
What should I do to get over mild depression? What should I do to cheer myself up?
I am 17 and I have ADHD, and I am in an environment that doesn't believe in psychological problems, what do I do? Where do I go from here?
Over the past couple of years, I have become dependent on looking at screens. What has happened to me?
What’s the threshold from having high psychopathic traits, to being "labelled" a psychopath? Is there a gauge?
Does unpredictability create disorder, or does disorder create unpredictability (disorder as in entropy)?
Why do we get distracted and become depressed while studying?
Do you always have a feeling of dread for no particular reason? Is this another symptom of anxiety?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Have you ever been anxious for no reason at all?
Did the person who killed John Lennon have any mental illness?
Other than taking melatonin, how can I deal with extreme anxiety?
Why are students committing suicides, and who, if anyone, is responsible?
How do you describe the biology behind depression under 2 minutes?
What is responsible for obsessions in OCD?
Does Sadhguru suffer or has he suffered from PTSD?
How do you keep the right emotions before the cravings?
What is teen depression and its possible causes?
Do introverts mostly suffer from IBS and other stomach disorders?
How do I stop my mind from having negative thoughts? My mind adds up all the possibilities and that makes me more upset or worried.
I've been having some anxiety issues since last year though I don't think I need to consult a doctor for this. How can I get over this?
Am I responsible for my depression?
Can sodium nitroprusside be used safely in the routine treatment of schizophrenia?
If psychological illnesses are fake, would this be a plausible alternative?
How can I tell if I suffer with BPD rather than just a preoccupied attachment style?
How often is someone misdiagnosed with bipolar II instead of severe depression with anxiety? (This is what I think has happened to me.)
Are depression and other mental illnesses congenital?
How do I differentiate between panic attack and a heart problem?
What are the physical and mental consequences for abusing painkillers?
How can I change my sister’s mentality?
Is therapy helpful for most people?
Are there any good psychotherapists in Delhi?
What feeling do psychopaths have if someone is threatening to make them blind and cut both of their hands and both of their legs, and the threat is real?
Can we heal a depressed person with reiki?
What does it mean to live with a mental illness?
Is necrophilia a mental disorder?
My husband is having mental problems, where can I get a good doctor to cure him?
Why would someone admit to another that they have been diagnosed with NPD?
Do we have an online bipolar help?
What is the way to come out of depression? Is using drugs or alcohol the right way to come out?
Are there any success cases of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)?
How is the Japanese mentality different from the Chinese mentality?
When do I become matured mentally?
What does it feel like to lose a child due to an eating disorder?
Can mild paranoid schizophrenia be prevented, why or why not?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Can not eating be a symptom of mania/hypomania?
How does it feel when some people demonize people who are diagnosed with NPD so cruelly?
What are the implications of psychotherapy?
Knowing that fear is a mental state, how can we definitively suppress/overcome it?
Every single test I took online says that I have severe depression. I don't want to take any meds due to the side effects. How do I explain this to my doctor?
Is it legal to refuse to sell a gun to someone who looks mentally ill?
Why is being highly creative/intelligent often associated with mental illness?
What are my options for chronic pain that just won't go away using regular pain meds? It's making my depression and anxiety worse.
Why am I stressed when there's nothing to be stressed about?
Is it right to commit suicide for being short?
Have you visited a psychiatric ward/hospital? If yes, how does it change your perception of people who has mental/personality disorder?
A guy has developed OCD and depression due to years of bullying in school and college. Can he ever stop taking OCD medication and lead a normal life?
I'm in a good place - how do I stop letting my depression take over?
Can a T.B.I. cause schizophrenia or a psychosis?
What advice would you give a 200lb woman struggling with chronic depression and eating disorder?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
Can someone be asocial, shy and introverted and not have schizoid personality disorder?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Is it possible to recover from a 12-year experience of being heavy bullied at school from a large number of people (including some teachers)?
For people who have suffered suicidal thoughts and overcame it, how did you know and when did you know that war ended at last?
What is some advice about helping my PTSD diagnosed husband?
Do all people with borderline suffer from a depression?
Do you think psychopaths use Quora to refine their masks and if so why? If they allowed themselves free reign would law-abiding psychopaths kill?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
What is going on inside a stalker's head?
Would a female psychopath be more likely to be murdered by an abusive male due to her lack of fear?
What are the odds a narcissistic sociopath with borderline personality disorder has recycled 3 times?
Should I go school camping when I am going through depression?
Is there a correlation between depression and being second-born?
What would a person's psychological effects be if he was stuck in time permanently?
Do we all use similar mental pictures when we reason about mathemetical structure? How do our mental models differ?
How did you survive the emotional fallout from being manipulated by a malevolent sociopath?
What do you do when you feel really blue and depressed?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
Which practice management software packages do psychotherapists/psychologists use, and what do they think of them?
Who is qualified to treat depression, and how is it treated?
How do you deal with a sociopathic grandmother?
What are the dangers of treating schizophrenia without medication?
I'm a "high" functioning BPD middle aged man. Is there anyone of any disorder that will functionally have a relationship with me?
Will antipsychotics "help" my anorexia?
What are some good jobs or careers for people with severe sleep disorders?
How do I tell my parents about my mental health issues?
Does it feel to anyone else as if the treatment for bipolar is making you crazy?
Has anyone overcome social anxiety? If so, how?
Is there a rehabilitation center in B. M. Institute of Mental Health, Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
What is the average dose of quetiapine for BPD (EUPD)?
What do I do about all of my anxiety?
Will I ever stop being so anxious?
What are the effects of over-protective parents on a child’s mental health?
What can I do about my extreme anxiety and panic attacks? I just lay in bed like a stress ball all day!
Does a schizophrenic drawing what is in their mind help them understand themselves?
Am I the only one who feels so depressed that I cry when I see very young kids swearing?
Why does my natural anxiety get in the way of my acting career?
Is there a difference between INFJ disembodiment and depersonalization?
Is defining mental heath culturally significant?
How do I support my depressed dad?
What kind of personality do you have to have to stay with a narcissist?
Can someone become a sociopath without being molested?
How do I get over my fear of burglars?
How do you think would an ENTP-A and a Narcisst/Sociopath/Psychopath get along?
Can an overly childish person who seemingly takes nothing seriously and enjoys the misfortune of others be a sociopath?
Is It possible for someone whos been diagnosed with bipolar to also have NPD?
What should a patient with autonomic disorders and anxiety disorders do?
My parents don't believe I'm depressed. What do I do?
What should I do if the stupidity of my mother drives me insane?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
Why are drama teachers so insane?
How do I overcome my depression as I am solving 562 despite deserving above 600 in NEET 2017?
Is it possible to get PTSD from a dream?
How common is paranoid bipolar disorder?
How does one know if they're suffering from manic depression?
How long does it take to recover from years on psychiatric drugs?
Is it normal for a therapist to look concerned when a client has a drastic personality change?
Why do people have a cheap mentality?
How hard is it for someone with schizoid personality disorder to get through school?
What are the common symptoms of intermittent explosive disorder?
How does a psychopath feel during a depression?
If the stigma around psychopathy was erased, would psychopaths stop wearing the mask?
How does depression in a spouse lead to divorce?
How would a child's development be impacted if they encountered severe PTSD at the age of 3?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
What is victim mentality and how can one get over it?
Do psychopaths tend to blame other people for their own mistakes?
Are narcissists delusional and mentally unstable?
What is your advice on the balance between knowledge and experience?
How can I best avoid depression?
How do I reduce anxiety in exams?
Is fantasizing regularly about killing people, and how you would kill them, a sign of mental illness?
Can people become psychopaths eventually, as opposed to being born as such?
Do psychopaths feel competent?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
What are the chances of someone having bipolar disorder if one of his parents have it?
How does over-analysis deepen your mental illness?
What can you do if you are scared of what to do when graduating/what to study, of getting depressed in post-secondary, and/or other fears?
Does having unwanted suicidal thoughts put me in danger?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
Is there anyone here on Quora who can help me overcome depression?
I'm afraid that someone or something may distract me. It has been developed very much. How uncommon is this phobia? How exactly can this be treated?
What goes wrong in early childhood development that could cause narcissistic personality disorder?
Is it true that Nobita was real and suffering from schizophrenia and that he imagined Doraemon?
Do psychopaths ever commit/consider suicide?
What do you do if you love programming but it burns you out constantly?
How are you coping with your bipolar and are you getting good help?
What's that mental state called where you get a sudden rush of excitement?
Is being a counselor a viable career option for someone suffering depression or anxiety?
Is Pranic Healing effective in curing social anxiety?
What mental illnesses does David Wood suffer from?
How long does an average bipolar episode last?
How did psychopaths react to having a child?
Why doesn't the psychology community recognize psychopathy as different to ASDP?
What is the best advice you can give to future mental health counselors to be effective in their work? What skills do I need to stand out to clients?
How likely are schizophrenics and others who have an auditory hallucination to commit suicide, statistically?
Does the narcissist ever forgive?
What circumstances makes someone go to a mental health professional to then be diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
If love is our natural state of being, then why are people suffering from their own mental problems?
Should I go to a therapist?
How can a bipolar induce sleep during a manic phase without an anti manic?
Is there a diagnosis for some who diagnoses everyone with out a degree or training?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
I suffer from depression. Should I just give up?
Can reactive depression turn or evolve into clinical depression?
How can I help someone feeling worthless and depressed?
How do I deal with my depression caused by my exam results?
Is there a correlation between MBTI type and mental illness (ENFP and ADHD primarily)?
How can I help my partner understand my depression and anxiety?
What was Nietzsche's mental disorder preceding his death?
Why are most Indians so ignorant about the mental health of their friends and families?
What are different ways to commit suicide?
Is it common in unipolar depression for the person to feel better during the evenings and nights and worse in the mornings and most of the day?
What is the scope for speech therapy?
Why is mental illness criminalized?
How do I get better grades in high school and stop being depressed about them?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
What causes mental weakness?
Is it hard to adjust to "the real world" if someone with a narcissistic personality disorder has recently recovered from the disorder?
What happens if you leave a lingual hemangioma untreated?
Have PTSD sufferers ever called the police thinking they were in danger when there was none? Are there legal consequences?
How can I get over reading about OCD?
Do psychopaths have different inherent reflexes/instincts?
I am depressed because my single mother keeps yelling at me all the time. What should I do?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
Should psychopaths who have committed violent crimes be held accountable for them?
How can I stay mentally prepared for a mental test without getting tired?
How do I know whether my forgetfulness, restlessness and inability to pay attention is due to depression or ADHD?
What should I do to get rid of loneliness? How can I learn to control it mentally?
Is it possible to mentally prepare yourself for death?
How can I break out of a mental loop?
Is there anyone with schizoaffective disorder and likes being social?
How bad is Japan’s Princess Masako's "adjustment disorder" illness affecting her life & personality?
Does artificial intelligence affect our mental growth in a negative way?
How can I be sure I am seeing the right therapist?
Why do I feel anxious about a kiss?
In substance abuse disorders, what is the illness and what is treated? Why do the majority relapse?
Does flat head affect mental ability?
What are the difference between ASD, ADHD, ADD, OCD and ADHS?
How effective is SAM-e for treating anxiety?
Has anyone moved because you found yourself clashing with the culture of your city, and it made you feel depressed?
Will a full psychological test reveal a very suave covert narcissist's condition?
What causes panic attacks and depression in mid-relationship crisis?
How does BPD work for socializing, and how can you be in love with someone with BPD?
How can you tell if a cat is mentally challenged?
How are female psychopaths/sociopaths on their period?
I’m a dad who only has custody every other weekend. How can I help my 9-month-old child cope with stranger anxiety towards me?
Do people with depression feel depressed/empty all the time or sometimes it's strong and sometimes you can actually be happy?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
What's the difference between psychotic paranoia and true paranoia?
How can I overcome my depression?
Can sexual assault cause someone to become a psychopath?
How do I overcome contact contamination OCD?
Do people with bipolar disorder dislike those who can't identify other people?
How do people who suffer from borderline personality disorder and narcissism at the same time differ from people who suffer from borderline only?
Is it possible to have PTSD from something that was not sexual abuse or a physical threat?
How do teens with BPD act usually?
Can someone with schizoaffective be originally misdiagnosed with boderline personality disorder?
Should bipolar disorder sufferers seek stability and routine above all else?
What I am supposed to say to a clinician if I think I'm in depression?
Can I smoke black and milds with schizoaffective disorder?
I feel like I'm losing my mind. Does one know when they are on the verge of insanity?
Can a person fake himself as a schizophrenia patient?
What are the things that you can do to improve yourself physically and mentally?
How do I get one free psychotherapy session?
Should I use social anxiety pills? If yes, what are they called?
Will a sociopath act on threats if you provoke them?
How do you deal with anxiety and being ridiculed because you are trans?
Why do I feel the need to read about who were the victims after terror attacks?
How do I forget my depression?
How many people suffer from tick borne Alpha-Gal in the USA?
Can a person who can make eye contact have social anxiety?
What's the difference between sociopaths, psychopaths, narcissists, and a Machiavellian?
From any TV show, which characters do you believe have psychological disorders and why?
Why do you feel the need to glorify your mental disorders as if it's something to boast and brag about?
Why does rain make me depressed? How do I get over it?
Does anti-psychotic medication actually cure the problem, or does it just "mask " the illness to make a human seem "normal " in society's eyes?
How do I beat exam stress?
How do you know if you are scaring someone if you have a mental illness?
What do you do when you're in the depressive state of BPD?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How common is the feeling of guilt for someone who has bipolar disorder?
How do I test for bipolar depression symptoms?
What do psychopaths think of childhood abuse?
Are young people committing suicide in North America in higher numbers or are we just hearing about it more?
Can people have to much stress to lead to a breaking point?
How can I stop this nightly depression that is crushing me?
Being a victim of a Vyapam scandal is driving me crazy; I'm frustrated and depressed. I'm 23 and I have no degree. What should I do?
If I want to die, does that mean I am depressed?
What are mental health problems? People say they are illnesses, but aren't there happy people with mental health issues?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
How do we regenerate an active mind which is under depression?
Does the television series “13 Reasons Why” glorify suicide?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
I feel really angry at all times. What should I do?
Is it normal to constantly and uncontrollably have a crush? Could it be a disorder?
What causes mild paranoid schizophrenia?
In what way does a teenager suffering from depression act different from others?
What were the 18 psychological disorders as mentioned by agastya?
Why do those with BPD blame others?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Bangalore for a schizophrenic patient?
What if the Bible, creates mental illness?
What do you do if someone threatens to commit suicide?
If others cannot recover fully from depression then why and how can I?
Are there any realistic TV shows that take place in psychiatric hospitals? If not, why so?
How do I become a better person for others and for my own mental health?
Why do I get so anxious when someone laughs at me?
Is it true that people suffering from personality disorders like psychopathy and narcissism have a high tolerance for physical pain?
How can I endure all my depressing feelings?
What if a depressed person refuses to consult a doctor and refuses medication?
Has anyone been at the brink of sanity? How did you find your way out?
How can a severely mentally ill individual convince themselves that their life is worth living?
Am I a psychopath if I have the actual urge to kill someone?
What are third wave behavior therapies?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, should we help him do it, or should we try to change his mind?
Do I have Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
What are the ayahuasca health requirements?
Is it normal for anxiety sufferers to doubt their feelings for their partners in new relationships? I'm a long-time anxiety sufferer.
Can a sociopath be calm and avoid anger problems?
What makes depression so scary?
I've been sent to be assessed by a mental health team for anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy sub, what do I do?
What're the best ways to avoid a psychological disturbance?
What are some stories where people have failed multiple times, due to the instability of their minds?
How do you deal with the fact that you might be a sociopath?
What can I do from here? I'm not exactly depressed. How can I go about finding a spiritual path?
How can I commit suicide easily without hurting anyone?
When does the heartbeat of psychotic people get faster?
What are some good books about ASPD?
What is the difference between delusional disorders and psychosis due to drug abuse and sleep deprivation?
Why would someone smoke to commit suicide?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Sometimes I feel that committing suicide and killing myself is the best solution to relax from poverty and misery. Why?
What's the difference between not throwing your drink can because of social anxiety and holding in your pee during a lecture?
I’m a teenager with separation anxiety. What should I do?
How common is it for someone with bipolar disorder to have psychosis and paranoia?
How can I meet someone with a dissociative identity disorder?
I've been having a serious 7 week depression phase, I've told my psych that I'm suicidal & cutting, but they dont take it seriously. What do I do?
How does self-harming start?
Can I study well if I am suffering from chickenpox?
What do people say who come out from depression?
How can I keep myself from feeling worthless and depressed?
Do people who hear voices ever hear useful information or positive things or are the voices always negative and delusional?
Today, I found out that my 12-year-old sister started cutting herself off from my mom. How can I help my sister or be useful to her in some way?
Is there a lifestyle that exists in America, where I can refuse psychiatric treatment?
Is there any quick cure for anxiety?
What questions do you have for people who self-harm?
What are some hobbies that are both physically and mentally engaging?
How am I supposed to take care of my physical and mental self when I have no money?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Are all psychopaths good at lying?
Does sleep affect mental health?
How can I defend myself from someone with a borderline personality disorder?
How does an affected person define depression?
Should I seek mental help?
Why does codeine cause anxiety?
Does being on the methadone program cause depression?
Do people with personality disorders often use words like "always" or "never"?
What is the similarities between God and psychopath/sociopath/narcissistic?
I am suffering from general anxiety disorder. I am always worried that something terrible is going to happen to me. How can I cure that?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about those who commit suicide?
Is the teenage depression hotline effective?
Why is talking to self considered insane?
I can't eat when I'm anxious. It's really weird because I feel a chocking sensation and feel very tight inside my throat. Is that normal?
Why are narcissists untrustworthy?
Why do people think that you are weak when you are depressed?
Is it known what gene(s) could be implicated in antisocial personality disorder and similar disorders?
Does social anxiety make you want to die?
Are all psychopaths bullies?
How do I get these mental illness questions off my feed?
How can you learn to make good small but hard everyday choices (e.g. avoiding sweets on a diet, etc.), governing your feeling-thought-action dynamics?
Does depression and mental illness affect growth in height?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
What does it feel like to be poor and psychopath?
How do you manage things you can't control (like family issues, illness, etc)?
Is it questionable to administer risperidone to non-psychotic patients?
Did Kierkegaard have obsessive compulsive disorder?
Is it possible to experience anxiety and depression if you are an atheist?
Is mental health an issue among Christians in America?
How do I deal with a relationship when the other person has no compassion for me and my depression?
How does it sound to have a professional guide to work you through any health problem you may have, or any health achievment you may want to reach?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
Are Avoidant Personality Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome possibly be both present?
Do I have a mental problem?
How do you know if you're a sociopath or just an ENTP with low empathy?
Are you supposed to not go to the light if you get a concussion? How come?
Why do I feel depressed after yoga?
Do psychopaths ever have such a convincing mask that they even convince themselves?
Was Manson psychotic or possessed?
Do people with schizoaffective disorder think about killing people?
Is stress good for students? How do you cope with it effectively?
While having a group conversation, why do some people fiddle and touch objects around them? Such as with napkins, cutlery etc. Is that social anxiety?
Can I develop OCD because I researched it too much?
Will a borderline person also diagnosed with fibromyalgia ever be happy in life?
Why do people with BPD often feel the need to overshare?
What are some good books on schizoid disorder?
Why does a person get depressed?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths still like Hannibal, regardless of the wrong prescription of a psychopath?
What are some learning strategies for veteran students with TBI and PTSD?
How should one treat a residual schizophrenic?
What are some supplements in Singapore that can help with anxiety and depression?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
Do sleeping for 16 hours can cause health or mental problem?
Was depression a major issue for you before you came out to your family?
Is high functioning depression real? Where can I get professional information online?
What is the best way to support a loved one who is showing signs of mental illness?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Can an autistic person become a sociopath?
How do I know if books about personality disorders are not just trash?
Can I end my OCD completely?
How can I work while being depressed?
Is having a quiet voice caused by internal fear / anxiety?
Does Will Graham from NBC's Hannibal fit the criteria for BPD?
Is there any renowned economist with ADHD/ADD?
Is numbness a sign of mania?
How would a person with Aspergers react to a sociopath stare?
Are Alzheimer’s, Parkinson's, and Cataracts preceded by serious mental confusion?
Can you sue someone if their stalking caused you to go psychotic?
What is the experience of people having undergone hypnotism for depression?
What is a way of getting more and more depressed?
What is the name for the mental illness or depression that immigrants experience?
Why are mental health services so sexist towards both genders, e.g. women get told it's 'just hormones', and men don’t get taken seriously?
How can those who have mental disorders understand spirituality?
Can methylphenidate cause permanent bipolar disorder?
Can a person be cured of PTSD?
Does anxiety always develop into depression?
Given that children change throughout the maturing process, can we see if a child will develop into a full-blown narcissist adult?
Am I right to assume that all psychopaths are rich or at least not poor since they are master in manipulation and always get what they want?
What is the difference between an INFP-T and an INFP-A that has bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or both?
What are my options if I can't afford a psychological evaluation?
What's the difference between cyclothymia and bipolar disorder?
What is adjustment disorder with anxiety and depression?
What could help someone get into graduate school as a research psychologist and mental health therapist?
What's the difference between social anxiety and being nervous around people?
What factors contribute to the higher than average prevalence of depression in Belgium?
I suffer from BPD. I am so vindictive. How can I quit hurting other people?
Can anxiety worsen periods?
How many hours of sleep is necessary if you are suffering from atypical depression?
How would you commit suicide?
What would be safe to take for ADD, anxiety, focus and depression?
Is it normal to be depressed and self-conscious even though you've never been bullied?
How do I help someone with body dysmorphic disorder?
How can I cure a dissociative disorder?
What is a panic attack on a website? How do you do a panic attack?
What does the mental developmental index mean?
Why don't women ask men out?
Would asking for help for my mental health issues be remotely worth it considering my situation?
What disorder has symptoms like repetition of words, language problems (language is not clear), and emotional problems?
After taking care of ill parents, I became mentally ill. What should I do?
What is mild bipolar disorder like?
Does being in a mental hospital benefit the patient?
I'm 18. I haven't accomplished anything and I am depressed. What should I do?
Does anxiety always develop into depression?
What is the best mood stabilizer for anxiety?
Does being underweight and not being hungry have anything to do with an eating disorder? Do I have an eating disorder?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
What are the best meds to combat severe anxiety?
Does anti-psychotic medication actually cure the problem, or does it just "mask " the illness to make a human seem "normal " in society's eyes?
Does Sadhguru suffer or has he suffered from PTSD?
How do I deal with my husband's extreme sloppiness?
What is the best strategy for those whose therapy sessions are limited? My insurance only covers 10 sessions a year.
Are tactile hallucinations ghosts?
What is the best treatment​ for anxiety​?
How can I stop being anxious while studying?
How can we manage our depression without medication?
Can you be suicidal but not depressed?
How are female hormones linked to social anxiety?
How am I supposed to take care of my physical and mental self when I have no money?
Is it common that people with bipolar disorder suffer from memory problems as well?
Do humans have a subconscious mental ability to block physical pain and later remove this block?
When do I become matured mentally?
Why is it ethically right to blame a psychopath for his/her anti-social condition?
Why do my eyes water when I'm nervous?
How do I tell my parents about my mental health issues?
How does it feel to have bipolar disorder along with borderline personality disorder?
What is the best way to support a loved one who is showing signs of mental illness?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
Can you get depressed after too much pressure?
How do you get out of a depressing state?
Can meditation make you insane and mental?
What is it like to suffer from depression?
What would be the best way to go about getting diagnosed?
Why aren't we the same person mentally that we were say even 5 minutes ago?
Should I go to a mental hospital if I have anti-social traits?
Should I commit suicide, if I am going though depression?
How do people deal with having a chronic illness?
Do some people without mental illnesses feel that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live?
Is Damon Salvatore a sociopath?
How do you get someone oblivious to their mental illness to get help?
What current depressing situation are you going through?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
Is it possible to make a psychopath angry and lash out?
What are the cures for anxiety and depression?
Was committing suicide the right thing for Hannah Baker to do? Why?
How long do people go see a psychiatrist?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
Will my "depression" ever go away? I'm supposedly bipolar, and I say it that way because I feel that borderline mental illness might not be real.
Where can I find an online psychologist in India?
What are the best scientific ways to stop neurological decline?
What are techniques to overcome traumatic experiences?
What are the things that make us, as psychopaths, human?
Why does suicide feel like the only way out? I would be sparing myself mentally and emotionally. Am I just defected, or am I just normal?
What universities offer free courses in mental health?
Can you be spiritual and OCD?
Is it offensive to say someone is "a little bit OCD" or "bipolar" or "ADD" or "schizo" or "psycho" if the person doesn't really have these disorders?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
Can anxiety and depression turn in to bipolar if something triggers it?
How can I reduce pre-result anxiety?
How do you cope with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
Why does everyone sound so depressed on Quora?
What causes panic attacks and depression in mid-relationship crisis?
What part of brain trainings are used by programming?
Why is it so frequent that people with mental illnesses also have severe dental problems?
How do I monitor the biochemical markers that give rise to my anxiety?
Which books should I read to help get rid of panic attacks?
Do people with depression feel depressed/empty all the time or sometimes it's strong and sometimes you can actually be happy?
What is “meditation”? How does meditation work for mental stress and depression?
Do your body movements respond to OCD intrusive thoughts?
How should one keep anxiety at bay?
How do people with bipolar disorder feel during a grandiose state?
How do I make myself better in just one month? How do I overcome my depression and make myself happy?
Are anxiety and social anxiety common comorbid disorders in people who have ASD (Asperger syndrome included)?
How do I stop my anxiety from allowing me to do things?
If a person with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how would the relationship play out?
Why do psychopaths stare so intently?
Does homeopathy work in OCD cases?
How do we regenerate an active mind which is under depression?
Can one experience auditory hallucinations in the throes of high anxiety?
Do psychopaths tend to blame other people for their own mistakes?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
Can we drop the idea of psychopath as an identity or label?
I'm 29 years old and feel the angriest I have ever been right now. What is the best thing for me to do?
If you had to pick someone with a mental disorder to become your significant other, what disorder would it be?
Can I go to a psychiatrist without parental consent?
Are there any realistic TV shows that take place in psychiatric hospitals? If not, why so?
How can I identify harmful internalized thoughts?
How do you cope with a mad, psychotic person?
What is the next therapy session like after a suicide attempt?
At what age does signs of mental illness begin to show?
What is the relationship between executive function and depression?
Why does cold water cause panic if it doesn't hurt?
I have borderline personality disorder. I'm scared I will never live a normal life. What can I do?
How do I tell if I have depression?
Should I go school camping when I am going through depression?
I'm afraid that someone or something may distract me. It has been developed very much. How uncommon is this phobia? How exactly can this be treated?
How do I get rid of the mental block and distrust towards people?
Who are some famous paranoid schizophrenics?
Is Demi Lovato really bipolar manic and depressed?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
Can God take away my anxiety?
What is the best way you or someone you know has found to manage your anxiety without medication?
Why is being highly creative/intelligent often associated with mental illness?
Why are most Indians so ignorant about the mental health of their friends and families?
Is it possible for a person with panic disorder to become a good psychologist?
Why do some Asian people not believe in mental illnesses?
Is there evidence that depression and social anxiety kill a person's creativity?
Is there any mention of depression and anxiety in the ancient texts of India?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
I’m a dad who only has custody every other weekend. How can I help my 9-month-old child cope with stranger anxiety towards me?
Why is specialization in medical fields so overrated? Can’t you just be happy as a GP?
What should I do whenever I feel depressed or demotivated?
My depression has brought me to a point where I am about to fail a subject and thus ruin my life. How do I deal with that?
How do I get over this feeling? I had a breakup in Nov. 2016. I have a panic attack every time I come across anything that is remotely​ related to her.
How are you clinically diagnosed with a mental illness?
What is your X-Men superpower?
Do psychopaths like people who have ASPD?
Can a psychopath have depression induced by substance abuse or addiction?
Apart from mindfulness exercises and without using drugs to calm me down, what are some tips and tricks for overcoming anxiety?
My crush ran away after sex and I've lost confidence in myself. How do I regain it?
Could bipolar disorder and GAD cause one’s personality type to alternate between ENTP and ENFP?
How did you overcome your medication resistant depression? Is it even possible to do this?
If you ask your therapist if you have a personality disorder, are they obligated to tell you?
Why did I want to be friends with a sociopath?
I was sexually abused as a child. Has this affected me in ways I am not aware of?
How can I check to see if my mental health is good?
Have you ever had a partner who suffered dependant PD and Avoidant PD? How did you manage?
Why am I insane?
How do I help manage/understand/support a loved one that suffers from depression, anxiety, & anger issues?
Does lithium really work for depression?
After treatment starts for bipolar disorder, is it normal for hazy memories and situations from the past to become clearer?
I haven't taken my anti-depressant medication for over a year now. In the past month I experienced depressive relapses. Should I take my meds again?
What are some tricks and hacks that can be used in an Android application to help users overcome depression?
How do I protect my Mental Health from the trump administration?
Can being more social and open about my issues help me overcome schizoid personality disorder?
How can you study without feeling depressed?
Do you think about suicide as a mentally healthy person?
Does the thought of the average human life depress most people, i.e. eat, sleep, school, and work, etc.?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
Should I tell my teacher I am depressed?
How do I self harm?
What are the best solutions to overcome social anxiety?
How successful can one be in their recovery from schizophrenia if the person is unaware of their mental illness?
What are people’s experiences with recovering from overtraining syndrome?
How do you feel about others not understanding your anxiety disorder?
What are the tips to overcome stress?
I fear that a sudden, loud or soft noise will distract me. I can't control it and my brain automatically stresses when it hears a sound. What is that?
What does it feel like to be ill?
Can I get a mental health/psychology related job without the proper education?
Is there any depressed person who wants us to support each other through tough times and recovery?
Is taking a gap year for my mental health a bad thing? Why is everyone making it sound so bad?
How do I know if it’s depression or bipolar issues?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
If some person came down from the sky, is it statistically and logically more likely it was merely a person from a more advanced world visiting Earth?
Why are people resistant to seeing a psychologist for the first time?
What are ways to overcome anxiety in women?
What mental health laws would you change?
Do psychopaths not feel emotions or do they supress them?
How do I know if I damaged myself by taking a low dose of risperidone for 5 months?
Which is a better world: bipolar or multipolar? How?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide without being depressed?
In Islam, life and death are in God's hands alone, then why are people able to commit suicide?
What are the difference between ASD, ADHD, ADD, OCD and ADHS?
I am 17 and I have ADHD, and I am in an environment that doesn't believe in psychological problems, what do I do? Where do I go from here?
How can I help a suicidal/depressed person who already has professional help?
Should I be afraid of psychopaths/sociopaths?
Is a psychologist allowed to commit a patient to a psych ward?
What is the safest and easiest way to commit suicide?
How long can a person with bipolar disorder be active before he becomes completely disabled?
Are you supposed to not go to the light if you get a concussion? How come?
Do people with bipolar disorder find that their creativity decreases or is lost due to the effects of psychiatric medication?
Can a psychopath tell that they're a psychopath before they've been diagnosed?
We have an HS intern. We think he had a psychotic episode at work on Friday. It was nonviolent but highly unusual. Should we let him back on Monday?
Have you ever compromised for something/someone physically, mentally, or financially and think that it was all in vain?
How can I divert my attention from a life problem which causes depression?
What factors contribute to the higher than average prevalence of depression in Belgium?
Who in a narcissists life is his primary, secondary etc. supply sources?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
How should I overcome depression due to low marks in the NEET 2017?
What are some interesting paranoia stories of people with schizophrenia?
How do I tell my family that I have depression and want help?
Do psychopaths get bored really easy since they can't feel fear or get much of an adrenaline rush? What do they do to keep themselves entertained?
Does a doctor (other than a psychiatrist) with depression treat his depression by himself?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
How do I cope up with my studies after a long psychiatric medicated treatment (2 years)?
I'm an 18 year old (guy) ENTP that has OCD, Social anxiety disorder, and ADD. Is this common for an ENTP, or did I just lose the genetic lottery?
What do psychopaths think about book Psychopath Bible?
How do I regain the emotional connection with people again after recovering from depression?
How do you keep the right emotions before the cravings?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
What is the best way to overcome a really traumatic experience?
When is supervised visitation required for some psychiatric patients?
How common is paranoid bipolar disorder?
What is the latest medical research on bipolar 1 disorder?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of installing horizontal engines instead of vertical engines in a bike?
Is there a lifestyle that exists in America, where I can refuse psychiatric treatment?
Is it possible to have mild bipolar or anxiety?
How can I tell if I am experiencing genuine kundalini or psychosis/schizophrenia?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
What can I do to improve my short-term memory and enhance my ability to retain information?
Why do I feel depressed after yoga?
How do I control my anxiety while studying? Often while studying, all kinds of thoughts on the 5 exams I should sustain appear and I start to panic.
What are the main challenges with patient feedback in mental health services?
I remember hating people very quickly when I was a child. Why was that? Is it normal?
What feeling do psychopaths have if someone is threatening to make them blind and cut both of their hands and both of their legs, and the threat is real?
Why don't mentally healthy people have mercy towards people who have mental illnesses?
Can a mentally ill person be a psychiatrist?
Is the serotonin hypothesis about OCD the strongest one?
Do people fall into a bell curve of psychopathy: psychopaths as typically described at one end and people empathetic to a fault at the other end?
Can graffiti help you cope with OCD?
My father thinks my clinically diagnosed ADHD is fake and has been prohibiting me from getting medicine. What should I tell him?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
Can bipolar I disorder comorbid with bipolar II disorder?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, should we help him do it, or should we try to change his mind?
How can I defend myself from someone with a borderline personality disorder?
Does it mean that you were a low-functioning psychopath when you behaved impulsively and ruthlessly as a teenager?
How does psychopathy work with twins?
I sterilise my self harm tools with an isopropyl alcohol lens wipe. Is this sufficient?
I have an anxiety disorder and have a task trained service dog. How do I go about finding colleges that will allow this?
How would I start my fresh life after lots of depression?
What are some good methods that can relieve you from anxiety?
Should I go to school when my anxiety has flared up?
How do I bring up self-harm in therapy?
Why are some people content to remain isolated and unemployed over a long time, even though it makes them mentally ill?
How do I get rid of my anxiety? I had a fit of anger which led me to tell someone off.
What would you say is the worst thing about being a sociopath/psychopath?
Is it normal to have thoughts about children?
If someone assaults someone because they are mentally disabled, would the charges be any different?
Am I right to assume that all psychopaths are rich or at least not poor since they are master in manipulation and always get what they want?
How do I do travel therapy?
Can a person be cured of PTSD?
What happens after you commit suicide?
If the stigma around psychopathy was erased, would psychopaths stop wearing the mask?
Why would someone admit to another that they have been diagnosed with NPD?
Is fantasizing regularly about killing people, and how you would kill them, a sign of mental illness?
Is having a quiet voice caused by internal fear / anxiety?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
Has anyone recovered from "blank mind" depersonalization?
Has anyone ever scored the maximum points on a depression test?
How can I remain laser focused, despite having 5-6 hours of sleep (like Elon Musk, Nikola Tesla etc.)?
I'm being diagnosed for anxiety and depression. Is it okay to skip the course once in a while?
Is anxiety disorder generally followed by depression?
What is OCD and how to treat it?
What is the incidence of depression among homeschoolers?
Can narcissists (NPDs) feel affective empathy when they have accomplished their narcissistic supply?
After recovering from depression, how do I regain the full cognitive ability and strength I once had?
What have been the most helpful words or deeds in helping you to overcome mental problems?
Where can I find a forum to connect with engineers dealing with depression?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Is it weird that I want a psychopath as a friend?
What are the signs of a personality disorder in a 50 year old male?
How can we get longterm relief from depression without medication?
Would a psychopath make a good director?
How do I know if I'm an introvert or just extremely depressed?
What are third wave behavior therapies?
When people say mentally and physically, can't you just say physically?
What causes mild paranoid schizophrenia?
How can I prevent acute stress disorder?
What are some specific topics to discuss with a male psychologist when you're a guy and suffer from PTSD?
How long does euthymia last in bipolar disorder?
What is the one word for physically present in one place and mentally somewhere else?
Why is there a distinction between bipolar I and bipolar II?
Can the voices that a schizophrenic hears be friendly or are they always harsh?
What's the difference between a complex and a personality disorder?
What is the difference between delusional disorders and psychosis due to drug abuse and sleep deprivation?
Is there any type of OCD that happens only when you are on the internet (let’s say an internet sub-type of OCD)?
If you check off for the qualifications of being a sociopath, but not because of the lack if ability, but because of desire/choice, are you still one?
Can CPS force me to take a psychological evaluation?
How do you perceive people with BPD?
Why do you think many people do not seek help for anxiety problems?
In what way does a teenager suffering from depression act different from others?
Are there differences in someone being bipolar and someone having BPD, and if so, what are they?
It has been suggested to me that a female with BPD is likely to be a psychopath. I am BPD and share a lot of symptoms, does this make me a psychopath?
Are there any medications that specifically target the physical side of a panic attack?
My father is schizophrenic, what will happen to me?
What can I do to stop anxiety while driving?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
Can untreated OCD lead to schizophrenia?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
Have you ever thought that mental illness doesn't exist?
How can you get BPD?
Does forcing myself to do things help cure depression?
I’ve been diagnosed with ADD (ADHD) twice, and I have an insane amount of trouble with routines and organization. Is it the same for everybody else?
Why do people stigmatize mental illnesses?
What should be done in case if a person is fighting depression and can not consult a psychiatrist?
Is a near sudden lack (and gradual decline) of sentimentality necessarily a sign of depression, or is it acceptable as fairly often experienced by people as they age?
How does Dissociative Identity Disorder work? Are the symptoms there for all alters all the time, or are there episodes of the different alters?
Why is everyone so obsessed with psychopaths and other mental illnesses?
Can a narc take medication or go to therapy to help with their personality disorder?
Is there a difference between a psychopath's and a sociopath's stare, and if so, how do they differ?
Is there a link between an avoidant personality disorder and constant daydreaming?
Why is it so hard to find a therapist who accepts insurance in SF?
How do psychopaths keep their masks clean?
Why are people with a personality disorder manipulative?
Is drinking a sign of depression?
Is there a way to just be generally diagnosed with any mental illnesses I may have?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
How does it feel to fail AIPMT/NEET for the fourth time? I feel very depressed.
If I'm a sociopath/narcissist, should I go to a therapist or psychiatrist?
Everyday is a constant battle with depression and suicidal thoughts, I don't feel worthy of life. Should I end it?
What do people with OCD hate about their OCD thoughts?
Is It possible for someone whos been diagnosed with bipolar to also have NPD?
Why do I "get depressed" when I'm alone?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
What are the common symptoms of intermittent explosive disorder?
Why do happy people tend to refuse medication when falling ill?
What is psychological abuse?
How can you tell if someone is a narcissist or clinically depressed if both seem to push you away and use silent treatment?
What is the age and the reason when you thought that you want to commit suicide?
I feel like I'm losing my mind. Does one know when they are on the verge of insanity?
Have you ever discovered someone was a sociopath? If so, what gave them away?
Is borderline/narcissist silent treatment harder to endure for people with OCD?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
How many different types of narcissism are there and what are they?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the mental health space?
How can I cure low sperm count due to stress, anxiety and depression?
I am depressed at school, what can I do?
Is writing to relieve OCD related anxiety counterproductive in this case?
Can anxiety cause suicidal thoughts or is it only a depression thing?
What can I do about my huge depression from being 8 years behind in my career?
What are the symptoms or signs of ASPD?
Symptoms like breathing problems when the rise or fall and compressed chest problems are related to what health issues?
Why can't I stand bright lights or loud noises?
Who is the most mentally strong person you know and why?
Is it common for psychopaths to break out in full blown night sweats and drench the bedsheets?
What is the mental health outcome of a child born of two parents who both have personality disorders?
Was Churchill a sociopath?
Is it normal to feel mentally sick?
What are different ways to commit suicide?
How psychological illness causes obesity?
Are all psychopaths happy and well-adjusted?
How do I test for bipolar depression symptoms?
I have to do an assessment for my mental health. What will happen if I don’t go?
Was Manson psychotic or possessed?
Do people who suffer from PTSD also suffer from paranoia?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
Is there something mentally wrong with me? Acedia? BPD? Apathy? Why do I feel like this?
Is defining mental heath culturally significant?
How do I deal with low grades due to sleep deprivation (5 hours every night for 2 years)?
How long did it take you to get over your depression and become happy again?
Other than taking melatonin, how can I deal with extreme anxiety?
Has anyone tried committing suicide?
Does setting a goal improve your mental health?
Which is your best experience with or as a psychologist?
What's the difference between someone with ASPD and someone with social anxiety and depression?
If a child was not abused, what else causes a narcissistic personality disorder?
I am seeing animal shadows and hallucinations. I hope that I’m not going to lose my mind. Are there others with this kind of problem?
Do psychopaths understand irony?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
How will they diagnose dissociative identity disorder professionally? Do they run any machines or do they just ask questions and provide surveys?
How could anyone have believed that D'angelo Barksdale committed suicide after seeing the crime scene?
What are the disadvantages of being a psychopath?
Do therapists recommended different clothing to their patients?
Do anxiety/depression and sleep deprivation have the same side effects as weed?
How does an affected person define depression?
Do you think psychopaths use Quora to refine their masks and if so why? If they allowed themselves free reign would law-abiding psychopaths kill?
What should I do to get rid of loneliness? How can I learn to control it mentally?
Why are so many people on Quora depressed?
If your estranged wife threatens to commit suicide when on a family holiday, could anyone complain about you phoning the police?
How likely are schizophrenics to commit suicide?
Why aren’t churches mental-disability friendly?
What medications are prescribed when a person suffers from PTSD and severe anxiety?
Can a person be both bipolar and schizophrenic?
What is some legitimate work I can do from home (the UK)? I suffer badly from anxiety, panic attacks & depression, which has led to my lack of work.
Is schizophrenia a mental disability or a mental illness?
Is depersonalization and derealization a type of psychosis?
Would psychopaths become a neurotypical person for just one day in order to understand them better?
What is the best thing I can do to ease the feeling of people with depression or anxiety?
Do psychopaths have an innate desire to breed? Do they lust? Do psychopaths enjoy watching pornography? What are the sexual lives of psychopaths like?
What is homosexual obsessive compulsive disorder (HOCD)?
If you feel the need to see a professional in relation to your mental health, does that mean you don't really need the help to begin with?
What was Nietzsche's mental disorder preceding his death?
Can anxiety be traumatizing?
Other than suicide and execution, what is the hangman's noose used for?
How can I be more helpful to my bipolar friend?
What is the best time table or daily routine for maintaining mental and physical health for a family person?
If I want to die, does that mean I am depressed?
What is the difference between obsession, depressive rumination and delusions?
How can I talk to attractive women without getting anxiety and stuttering?
I live in the UK. If I get diagnosed with depression, will I get signed off work?
I feel highly depressed ATM. I tried to find something to bring me out of darkness, but nothing worked. What should I do now?
What lifestyle changes should I make to cope with anxiety?
Is it homophobic to say that homosexuality isn't innate but rather a psychological disorder which in many cases, is curable?
Is PTSD an abnormal reaction to trauma?
How do I tell this girl at school that vaccines don't cause the illnesses that they're supposed to prevent?
How does the health insurance repeal affect mentally ill persons, specifically homeless mentally ill persons?
What are some symptoms of compulsive exercise disorder?
What happens when a person with HPD/BPD is told what they are? It does not seem as if they realize that their behavior is abnormal, annoying and often disgusting.
Do covert narcissists really think THEY are the ones being subjected to toxic, gaslighting, crazy making people or do they know they are projecting?
Should I keep gaming if it makes me depressed but independent as a teen?
Are there any anxiety/depression support groups in Chennai?
Do all people with borderline suffer from a depression?
How can I transform myself to become my greatest version physically and mentally?
Is stress good for students? How do you cope with it effectively?
If a person suffering from multiple personality syndrome developed Alzheimer's, do all the personalities exhibit the same level of impairment?
What are psychopaths’ interests?
Are there people of the 'too lazy to commit suicide' variety?
What is the best way to put a narcissist in his place?
Is it possible to have BPD and bipolar disorder?
What is the difference between being lonely or depressed? How can one know?
Do you know of any women with fibrocystic breast disease who have increased pain due to depression and other mental health issues?
Without having a mental illness, what are other reasons a person might experience "voices"?
How do the different types of mental disorders affect people?
Would a lo- functioning psychopath murder you if you attempted to take revenge against them?
How competitive are psychopaths?
How do I increase my mental strength to keep on going even when the night is the darkest?
How do people on Xanax or other powerful anti-anxiety drugs respond to a legitimate threat to their safety?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
Are mental disorders only triggered by trauma?
What are the specific behaviors you consider to diagnose BPD?
How can one remove depression when one is away from home?
What circumstances makes someone go to a mental health professional to then be diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
Was PTSD something that affected Vietnamese veterans?
Does stable/euthymic state lasts longer in schizophrenia or bipolar disorder?
How long will it take until people with mental illnesses are treated like regular humans?
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
Why do my psychiatric symptoms appear only after noon?
Is it bad that I treat my social anxiety as a human being to help cope with it?
What is depression in Islam?
What is a good way to evaluate if you and your psychologist will be a good fit?
I can't eat when I'm anxious. It's really weird because I feel a chocking sensation and feel very tight inside my throat. Is that normal?
What if a depressed person refuses to consult a doctor and refuses medication?
Has suffering from depression changed?
How likely are schizophrenics and others who have an auditory hallucination to commit suicide, statistically?
Is it common to not feel loved by a borderline type?
Can one prevent mental aging and the mental decline that comes with it?
Will ADHD give you depression?
I'm 25 and I keep thinking about the past a lot. It makes me depressed. How do I put it to rest and move forward?
How can I live without depression?
How can I endure all my depressing feelings?
What do psychopaths think of the child of rage, Beth Thomas' 'recovery from psychopathy'?
Are mental illnesses solely subjective judgements by our professionals? Or are there bio markers?
Why doesn't my boyfriend act sympathetic towards my eating disorder?
Would a sociopath make a great psychologist?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
Is it my fault that I was born with a mental illness?
Where can I go to get tested for a learning disorder?
How common is the somatization disorder?
How can a schizophrenic go to a hospital instead of a prison?
How we can reduce suicide while under depression?
Is Onision a psychopath?
What is mental healthcare like in Qatar?
Can you have bipolar and borderline personality disorder?
What is the best ayurvedic destination for treatment of depression and anxiety?
Do you always have a feeling of dread for no particular reason? Is this another symptom of anxiety?
Do people with BPD generally have difficulty with budgeting?
If you have a mental illness, how do you train your mind to be tough?
Did you struggle with depression as a teenager? Do you feel you still battle it as an adult?
How do I stop being depressed and find a reason to live?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both ADHD and a mood disorder?
I am from India, my mother has some psychological problem and I want to take her to a psychiatrist, but I don't know how. Are there any suggestions? How can I get some help?
How much time does it take to diagnose HFA?
Is CBT useful for high-functioning autistics in late teens? This is about a boy in his late teens. Problematic social behaviours sexual in nature.
What should a complete session with a good therapist cost in Delhi?
Why are students committing suicides, and who, if anyone, is responsible?
How can a person with PTSD be successful in school if they can’t focus?
Why does Tubular Bells (1973) cause anxiety to the listener? Is there a psychological effect or just merely an association with horror movies?
When schizophrenics are in a psychotic state, does part of them realize that what they're thinking isn't rational?
Why do people on Quora expand their answers and stretch it outside the box, Even though this isn't an "essay competition"?
How does Phenergan treat anxiety?
How long is a hospital/psychiatric stay for a failed suicide attempt?
Why do BPD's or NPD's refuse to call you their girlfriend?
What's your secret to overcome anxiety before an important event?
How can I help a friend who might be depressed?
Can a person be popular and be mentally ill?
Do psychopaths have a code of conduct?
What are some facts of teenage depression?
How do you know if you are a high functioning autistic?
What are the ways to curb social illness (in general)?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
Can I develop OCD because I researched it too much?
People with BPD see in black or white. Is there a disorder where someone can only see in the gray area?
How do I overcome depression due to delay in getting pregnant?
Would you date someone who tried to commit suicide in their past?
How will I tell my parents that I am sad or nearly depressed and I seek counseling?
Why do I feel empty unless I self harm?
Can anxiety lead to phobia? And what's the difference between them?
How long did it take you to really "see" all the symptoms and behaviors of your mental health diagnosis?
How would a psychopath with less of the wiring act?
Is it normal to debate yourself in the head? For example, I list the pros and cons of a situation and decide.
I have been having panic attacks since my breakup, will they ever stop?
Will I ever stop being so anxious?
How do you stay mentally strong around negative people?
How do I get cured from stress? I got BP and now my head spins in the morning. I am working in a good MNC. My dream is to become an entrepreneur. I am confused about whether to quit my job and work for a startup.
How do I deal with my depression caused by my exam results?
What is an explanation for how someone could be a supporter of mass murder and not be a psychopath at the same time?
What could a relationship between two BPDs look like?
How do you know if you're a sociopath or just an ENTP with low empathy?
How do I take advantage of depression and get better grades?
Is hypochondria the same as GAD?
If psychopaths are motivated by power, then is it their goal to make you admit to being weaker or inferior to them in some way?
Can crazy people ever become sane again?
What are my options for chronic pain that just won't go away using regular pain meds? It's making my depression and anxiety worse.
How can bipolar disorder be recognised?
How can a therapist deal and solve weird and uncommon phobias that are extremely severe?
How will a psychopath react when a deep dark secret is revealed by someone he feels is beneath him?
Whenever I return to my hometown for any length of time, I become overcome with depression. Is this a common phenomenon?
Why do I get very depressed?
How do depressed people know about cutting?
How do makers of apps & digital services for people with depression design to keep those depressed people from simply retreating into the technology?
Would someone with the ability to vividly dream & remember most of it to the point it uses most of their actual life away be considered mentally ill?
What is the relationship between synchronicity and personality disorders, like BPD?
Why am I usually depressed during most of the day and feel much better in the evenings?
Is Pranic Healing effective in curing social anxiety?
What are restraints used in mental health institutions?
What is complex PTSD and how does it affect the growth and functionality in an individual?
Are there any 'unreasonable' reasons for depression?
What are some things to reflect on or think of that will help cope with thoughts of suicide?
Does clutter have a profound impact on our emotional, mental, physical, and spiritual well-being?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
What mental ilnesses cause apathy?
Is it possible to date someone with BPD and to not be always anxious of accidentally saying the wrong thing?
What if the Bible, creates mental illness?
I have depression and anxiety, and I failed out of college. What do I do now?
After the discard stage, do narcissists treat their victims as if they were the narcissist?
Over the past couple of years, I have become dependent on looking at screens. What has happened to me?
I am getting depressed due to my parents. They treat me so badly. What should I do?
What are the traits/characteristics of a mentally, psychologically healthy/balanced/strong person?
What are some characteristics of the different types of paranoid personality disorder?
Does seeing a therapist and taking antidepressants help depression and anxiety?
I do not suffer from depression at all. But I've been very sad recently. What can I do?
I graduated from high school. What do I do now?
Is it better to have anxiety about something and yet do it well, or to have confidence but do it terribly?
Dear psychopaths/sociopaths, do you think it's possible to feel and simultaneously be "completely" logical?
Can BPD be cured?
Why don't the mentally ill want to admit that they're sick and need help? I am asking because this help could be life-saving.
Are there any social clubs or groups of people to help gain confidence and rise from depression in Uttarakhand, India? Or are there any websites or online groups?
Have people completely recovered after depression?
This world is conditional, and we are only wanted if we are useful, so how can someone be labeled as "depressed," when it makes sense to feel down about life?
Is Poppy a psychopath?
Why do some psychopathic traits don't apply to every psychopath?
How do you help someone with depression when you are living in a different country?
My husband is having mental problems, where can I get a good doctor to cure him?
What are some supplements in Singapore that can help with anxiety and depression?
What mental illnesses does David Wood suffer from?
How can I come out from feeling stress?
How can someone tell if they have anxiety?
Why do psychologists refuse to diagnose patients with some personality disorders?
Can schizo-affective people be cured?
Is it possible to experience anxiety and depression if you are an atheist?
Why should I live if mental illness ruined my life?
Do I have some bits of autism?
Has there ever been a psychologist who committed suicide?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
What are some of your experiences as a gay man with borderline personality traits?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
Have you ever think of committing a suicide?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about those who commit suicide?
I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Should I say “I'm gay” to the psychologist that I go to if I don’t want my mum to know that I am?
Which practice management software packages do psychotherapists/psychologists use, and what do they think of them?
Why does depression lead to doing more drugs?
How can we tell if a client is suffering from BPD rather than being extremely anxious-preoccupied?
How should I tell my parents I have anxiety?
Does depression significantly impair cognitive function?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
Do people with schizoaffective disorder think about killing people?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide in absence of depression?
What does it feel like to be poor and psychopath?
How do I continue living without telling anyone about my depression and suicidal thoughts?
What do you do when you're in the depressive state of BPD?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How do I know if a sociopath is done with me?
Hi I am really worried. I suffer from anxiety and OCD. And I suffer from repetitive blasphemes thoughts. I am a christian. i have Thoughts like the unpardonable  sin. Now the thing that worries me is that say I get baptized in the Holy Spirit and I try to speak in tongues. But I can't speak In tongues. Is it possible that I committed the unpardonable sin because I can't speak In Tongues after I was baptized by the Holy Spirit? I have these thoughts about the unpardonable sin like almost every day. I don't want to have these thoughts.
Are there some people that therapy cannot help/ some mental illnesses that cannot be eliminated?
Is mental health an issue among Christians in America?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
Is there a relationship between depression and apologizing?
Do people who can turn their empath qualities on and off exist although they are not psychopaths?
Do you know people who suffer from the so-called "God complex"?
Do sociopaths or psychopaths choose special persons they want to be with/manipulate?
Are 'psychosomatic' issues a medically accepted condition? If so, how does it work? What is the frequency of occurrences? Are the symptoms real?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
My parents are never going to accept the fact that I'm in severe depression who needs a treatment. What should I do?
Should I seek mental help?
How would you explain how it feels to not have a personality disorder to someone with a class B personality disorder?
If schizophrenia is a condition and not an illness, why can’t it be cured and not just managed?
Can someone die from depression alone?
What should someone do when they become depressed because of their life?
Have you ever wished for depression? Why or why not?
What questions do you have for people who self-harm?
How does it feel when some people demonize people who are diagnosed with NPD so cruelly?
Centering on medical studies, are psychopaths born “as psychopaths” or is there always a contributing factor?
What is the most relaxing and soothing light for my room? Are there lightbulbs that I can buy that create a mental state?
What shoud I do to get my degree? It'll take 7 years to have it due to mental illness (schizophrenia). How can I be smarter or disciplined to obtain it?
I always find myself either wanting things to be perfect or not wanting anything at all. This gets me depressed. What should I do?
Why do I start feeling depressed if I don't do something crazy?
I was recently diagnosed with NPD and AVPD. How can I maintain relationships and keep this from ruining my life?
What is the quickest and easiest way to commit suicide?
How come I have social anxiety?
Are young people committing suicide in North America in higher numbers or are we just hearing about it more?
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
Does social anxiety make you want to die?
How would you find a mentally unwell person who has gone missing for a month?
Gaming makes me depressed as a teen. Should I stop gaming?
Why are psychopaths attracted to careers in mental health?
Has BPD just singled out those to whom they are close?
What is the cause of the mental depression that the world is going through?
How does a sociopath react when you move on?
How did you react to your parents death?
What are the things, a manager mentally equips himself with just before he takes charge?
How do I know if my dysphagia is a sign of a physical or a mental problem?
How do I overcome contact contamination OCD?
Are people on the dark web more likely to have some kind of disorder?
Is there an herb for hearing voices?
What would be safe to take for ADD, anxiety, focus and depression?
Why are mental health services so sexist towards both genders, e.g. women get told it's 'just hormones', and men don’t get taken seriously?
How do I get better grades in high school and stop being depressed about them?
Why it is nearly impossible to run a school or NGO for mentally retarded children in India?
What are the common traits of people who have suffered from emotional trauma?
How do you know when your teenager is depressed?
Why do I zone out so often and is it a cause for worry?
Why are footballers suffering from mental illness?
Can a therapist see that I have antisocial traits?
Is it just depression if you have absolutely no will to live?
I don't know who to go to for my depression. Who should I approach?
How do I deal with anxiety and confidence issues?
Just how mentally ill do psychologists and therapists believe Trump to be?
What kind of qualities do you see in psychopaths or sociopaths that you wish you had?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
Why does everyone think that preventing a well-reasoned suicide is an acceptable action?
Is the bipolar test on the internet true?
Solipsism is giving me anxiety and depression for months. What do I do?
How do I apply cognitive behavioral therapy in my busy day, as I am suffering from depression and anxiety?
How can I get medication for ADD?
I don't want to be depressed anymore but still can't find the motivation to do anything about it. How do I finally just move?
What is known as the study of emotions?
Is the teenage depression hotline effective?
Why do some people say "greazy" rather than "greasy"? Are they mentally ill?
Why so many people want to commit suicide in the golden gate bridge?
How can you stop depersonalization?
At age 22, how do I deal with depression and suicidal feelings?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
How do people perceive swallowing and anxiety disorders?
How did you find out your father has antisocial personality disorder?
Can getting made fun of too much cause mental illness?
What are healthy alternatives to self harming?
Can a person have both bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder at same time?
Is retardation only negative?
Should bipolar disorder sufferers seek stability and routine above all else?
How do I stop myself from worrying that I might have cancer, which causes a lot of anxiety?
What are some good jobs or careers for people with severe sleep disorders?
Can I get good, worthwhile treatment from a psychiatrist remotely, i.e. over the telephone or Skype?
How did ancient civilizations handle mental illnesses?
Has anyone went to therapy thinking they have a mental illness and were really suffering, then found out they are fine and just exaggerating?
Is grandiosity a symptom of psychosis?
Which Naruto characters are sociopaths?
How can I get excited when I need to stay calm in order to prevent triggering anxiety?
Why do I get depressed when I'm on the Internet for a long time?
Is it better for someone with depression to scream out or to suffer in silence?
Can a doctor have a personality disorder?
How do you handle stress when you have clinical anxiety?
Why can't I stop an obsession with someone, why won't my mind move on if I already have physically? Is this an uncontrollable mental illness?
How does functional MRI amygdala biofeedback insights offer tools for the next generation of mindfulness practitioners and self treating depression?
How do you budget when you have bipolar?
How do I know when my introversion has turned into a social anxiety disorder?
What happens to a person with dextrocardia disorder?
What are some things that psychopaths know they are better at than an NT is?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
Are the symptoms of bipolar caused from circumstances in life? E.g., is mania just a result of happy circumstances and depression from sad circumstances?
Can risperidone cause anhedonia, and will it go away once it’s off?
How should a person determine if they need to see a psychologist?
Will a separation from your parents help you to get over depression?
How do I deal with the depression of a bad exam?
I'm a "high" functioning BPD middle aged man. Is there anyone of any disorder that will functionally have a relationship with me?
Are there any ayurvedic medicines for depression/anxiety/mental wellness?
How can someone with borderline personality disorder start to make close friendships?
Can an autistic person become a sociopath?
Why am I depressed and can't sleep?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
When in a non-BPD and BPD relationship, how should the non-BPD act when treated poorly?
What sort of mental issues does Trevor Phillips from GTA V suffer from?
Should a person with schizophrenic past live alone?
Is a "multiple body disorder" ever recorded?
What're the best ways to avoid a psychological disturbance?
Is there any illness that causes one to steal money always?
How often on average should men have sex to stay mentally healthy?
If a person’s happy memories have been deleted, would suicide be seen as a healthy choice?
Do insects have mental illness like humans?
If a psychiatrist rashly prescribes black box medication to a patient who later commits suicide as a result, can they face serious legal consequences?
Why do people with BPD deny having BPD?
Do psychopaths make good shoplifters and are they better at it than neurotypicals?
How does Cymbalta treat bipolar disorder?
Which is worse, depression or anxiety?
Why are people with BPD stigmatised?
Does insanity always have a physiological background?
How do career women influence the decline of family today?
I'm in a relationship with someone who is suicidal and depressed, but I want a breakup. What do I say?
Can anxiety cause loss of sensation in hands?
Is racism a psychological disorder?
What's wrong with me, I know I'm gay but something in my head keeps making me second guess myself?
What distinctions separate BPD and adult child symptoms?
Do you think that Dr. Amit Gupta is mentally disturbed these days?
How should I enjoy the life if I have some mental disorders like autism?
Can children of borderline personality disorder, not have it but can develop traits of it?
Can one catch schizophrenia from raising a kid with schizophrenia?
How can I hide from others that I'm a psychopath?
Why do I get hyper whenever my depression breaks?
Is it possible for some psychopaths to have shallow empathy/remorse or is the underdevelopment of the amygdala an all or nothing situation?
I have been diagnosed recently with borderline persoanlity disorder and I have been feeling that I made everything up. Is it common to feel that way?
How do I overcome my anxiety of what my future beholds after a chronic disease?
After losing a parent, why can’t I feel anything at all, when I know I should be in pain?
What defines someone as a psychopath?
How best can one deal with depression?
How do I cope in a boarding school?
What do you think about starting to go to a psychiatrist or psychologist if I feel like I'm having some serious problems with my mental health?
Why are many school shooters labeled as psychopaths/sociopaths?
How can one deal with siblings who talk down to you, or bully you, because of past mental health issues?
Is the way Christians relate to suffering different from the way in which people with other belief systems relate to suffering?
Is failure to launch considered a mental disorder?
Can Prednisone cause anxiety?
How can you tell if a cat is mentally challenged?
What are unreasonable reasons and unreasonable frequencies of a psychotherapist taking time off? What crosses the line of being unprofessional?
How do I cope up with depression? I'm not sure if it's depression or sadness or if I am generally like this.
What advice would mental health professionals give to a young adult considering this field of work?
Can someone with schizoaffective be originally misdiagnosed with boderline personality disorder?
I feel depressed at times, but perfectly fine. My depression comes along at sporadic times, usually small things sparking it. Am I bipolar?
What I am supposed to say to a clinician if I think I'm in depression?
If the abuse wasn't that bad, could it still cause BPD?
If someone is in a depression, trauma or any other mental cause, then is counselling/psychiatric treatment required?
Can frequent headaches be a symptom of bipolar disorder? If so, then how?
What are the chances of someone having bipolar disorder if one of his parents have it?
How do I tell my mom I have PTSD?
Is dementia genetic?
Why aren't there more depressed people around? What is it in life that keeps so many people going?
How do I deal with shivering caused by anxiety?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
Was Marx mentally ill?
Should I go to a therapist and how can I tell my parents?
How can a bipolar induce sleep during a manic phase without an anti manic?
How should one treat a residual schizophrenic?
Does unpredictability create disorder, or does disorder create unpredictability (disorder as in entropy)?
How common is it for someone with bipolar disorder to have psychosis and paranoia?
After hearing about gory rape crimes, I constantly feel severely anxious about the safety of my loved ones. It’s affecting my daily life. How do I deal?
Can you have depression while people around you can't notice?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
How do you deal with a manic depressive?
Could my former friend be a psychopath?
Can I smoke black and milds with schizoaffective disorder?
How does over-analysis deepen your mental illness?
How can I avoid depression?
Is anxiety normal when switching from Sertraline to Escitalopram?
Can psychopaths have cognitive empathy?
How do you get a depressed person to talk to you, especially if it's your mother-in-law?
Why does codeine cause anxiety?
What is your opinion on labeling someone who has mental disabilities as retarded in a non derogatory way?
If you have seen a therapist years ago and returning to therapy, how do you introduce this information about previous psychologists or counselors?
Can love sickness cause bipolar disorder?
Is it possible that hallucinogenics caused my psychosis?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
What are the most common types of psychotherapy, and how do they relate to specific mental health issues?
How would psychopaths react if they're "scared" in a way?
Was Keith Moon ever diagnosed with mental illness?
What is the best medication for bipolar 2?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
Is procrastination a mental condition which could also be related to low IQ, depression and ADHD?
What is it like to have a psychological mind?
What rights (or lack thereof) does an employee on short-term disability, denied LTD based upon it being a pre-existing mental illness, have?
What can I do for my ex who is depressed?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
How can I stop depression as a teenager?
What words would you tell someone who is a manic bipolar?
After drinking, Dad doesn't talk properly to Mom and me. Conversing with him takes a mental toll on us. Should I isolate him from my world mentally?
Besides the obvious medications and therapy, what activities, supplements, decisions, etc. have helped you live a meaningful life despite having BPD?
How does one know if they're suffering from manic depression?
What else can cause BPD besides childhood trauma?
When I'm depressed I find it difficult to think through complex issues and to inhibit negative thoughts, how do I remedy this?
Would it be appropriate to email your therapist to see how they are doing after an illness?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Bangalore for a schizophrenic patient?
I am so depressed at this moment. What should​ I do?
What if the voices in my head tell me they're not real, but just a product of a mental condition?
What hapens when a psychopath grows up in a good environment and is taught to feel empathy and not to hurt or manipulate others?
Can a person have both schizoid and avoidant personality disorder?
Do psychopaths feel disgusted by things like vomit, feces, or cannibalism?
How do games affect a child’s mental growth?
Can you get over anxiety without medication?
If someone is feeling down, can she use willpower and positive thinking to make herself happy?
How bad can depression get if it doesn't go away, and I just ignore it?
Are people who have depression just weak?
Why do I always seem to get suicidal and at least somewhat depressed when I'm anxious and stressed out (usually from school)?
Why does depression come from nowhere sometimes?
Am I the only one who feels so depressed that I cry when I see very young kids swearing?
Should I see a psychiatrist or someone else?
I'm 14 and trying to figure out how can I get mental help without directly asking for it?
What causes psychosomatic disorders?
How does one get a Psychiatric Service Dog?
How do people deal with work related anxiety?
I find it difficult to speak about anything when I see my counsellor. How can I overcomes this besides coming off medication?
Does being a psychopath automatically make you a bad, or dangerous person?
Can a lobotomy cause sociopathy or psychopathy?
If I feel like my psychologist is not treating me objectively, is that a reason to seek a new psychologist? Or is it not really that important?
How often do people with paranoid schizophrenia hear voices? Also, I don't understand how people don't realize they're hallucinating?
Which is less torturous, mental exhaustion or physical exhaustion?
Where are some groups for people with bipolar disorder?
Can a depressed person do academics?
Are all psychopaths bullies?
What is the one thing/habit that always comes around continuously and makes you depressed/sad/worn out?
Are you an entrepreneur experiencing health issues such as chronic fatigue, depression, anxiety?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
If a person with a borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how does the relationship play out?
Could anxiety medication help me get through an existential crisis?
What sort of hallucinations have you had with bipolar psychosis? Can you see the same things or people over and over?
Has violence against people with mental illness increased recently in America?
Why do psychopaths try to correct and educate people about psychopathy while they can benefit from people's ignorance of the subject?
Why do most normal people not care about depressed people, even when they are very close relatives or friends?
What activities to pick up during joblessness that boost your morale as well as add skills to your profile?
How do some people with bipolar disorder manage life without treatment?
Can you be a sociopath without having severe trauma and having had a relatively normal life?
What do psychopaths think of childhood abuse?
While having a group conversation, why do some people fiddle and touch objects around them? Such as with napkins, cutlery etc. Is that social anxiety?
Asking for help before committing suicide. I'm suffering from herpes 1 & I can't find help. Can someone guide me to a good non-judgemental doctor?
What are some societally necessary jobs that significantly damage those performing them? (physically or mentally)
Who is the best psychiatrist in Calicut?
Recently, my parents suffered a huge financial loss of 70 lacs Rs? Both of them are inconsolable and are in a deep depression. What should I do?
What did you do while you were in depression, but had important tasks coming up?
Are Northern Europe countries like Sweden the heaven for anti-social and non-ambitious people?
Was Tom Riddle a sociopath or a psychopath?
What can I do about my extreme anxiety and panic attacks? I just lay in bed like a stress ball all day!
As a psychopath/sociopath, if an emotion in your limited emotional range were to get erased, which one would you miss the most?
I want to be a music producer, but every time I come across an answer which has IIT in it, I feel depressed. What should I do?
How do I know that I need medical attention for depression? What are the general symptoms?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
What does one do if one does not have the resources to cope with stress?
As a senior, what is the best strategy to maximize my mental acuity?
Is it okay for a sociopath to manipulate people?
Are there people in India with borderline personality disorder?
Why do some specialists give titles to the people that are suffering from a mental disorder if behaviours are changeable by own good will?
How do you describe the biology behind depression under 2 minutes?
What's the most common symptom of manic episode?
Can I cure a derealization disorder by not thinking about the things that caused it?
Does a schizophrenic drawing what is in their mind help them understand themselves?
What are the symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder after being discarded by my narcissistic girlfriend?
Is the Catholic Church against ECT? If so, can you point me in the direction to find the literature on this teaching?
Can an overly childish person who seemingly takes nothing seriously and enjoys the misfortune of others be a sociopath?
How come a narcissist can't apologize or realize they are wrong?
Is anime safe for people with depression?
How can I stay mentally prepared for a mental test without getting tired?
How can you psychopaths describe it when you don't know anything to compare it with?
How likely are voice hearers to commit suicide?
What is a temporomandibular disorder?
If a natural born psychopath is raised in an environment primed for social anxiety, will any develop?
Is there anyone with schizoaffective disorder and likes being social?
Can a T.B.I. cause schizophrenia or a psychosis?
Is it common for a therapist to visit mental health professionals themselves?
Do psychopaths have different inherent reflexes/instincts?
What should I do if my enemy has depression and she has nobody to help her?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
Is it possible to lead a meaningful life with a severe mental illness?
Where do you seek help if you're suspected to have depression?
What is the best way to spread the word to the world about narcissistic parents and about the mental & physical torture they bring towards children?
What is the most severe thing a bipolar/schizophrenic person has ever done to you?
What are the best ways of dealing with depression-related fatigue or medication-related cognitive fog?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Do hallucinogens like LSD affect in rewiring psychopaths? Do they recover or get more into their psychopathy?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
How do you manage things you can't control (like family issues, illness, etc)?
Why do people want to be psychopaths? Or have any mental illness for that matter?
What are the types of panic disorders?
How do I help my depressed brother?
Psychopaths: how did your inner circle find out your diagnosis and how did they react?
Does music play on repeat in the head of an autistic person more severely the more anxious they become?
How do psychiatrically diagnosed people feel about their diagnosis?
Do you really need to see a psychologist if you know what you have and don't even want to change?
What can I do for someone who has depression?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
What do we do with a depressed person who doesn't seem to want to get well?
What are the best multivitamins to prevent Alzheimer's/dementia?
What do you do if you feel depressed and suicidal and have no one to talk to?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
If a person has a mental illness, does that mean the person is insane and can't function in society?
Is autism seen in a similar way as mental illness?
Why is my therapist sending me birthday messages with hugs and love instead of asking me why I terminated therapy abruptly?
Which is the most common cause of suicides and what is the most common way of suicide?
If a mental illness is impacting your job performance, does it make sense to talk to HR or your manager about it? What are the risks?
How long will it take me to get extremely skinny and sick looking?
I think my mom is quite depressed. What should I do?
Can someone be so traumatized that no therapist is able to help them?
Is there any mental illness associated with excessive anthropomorphizing?
What kind of psychological damage is done to the partner of someone with BPD?
What is the most effective way to deal with irrational and emotional feminists when they scream at you in public?
Do psychopaths think they would be as successful as they are right now if they hadn't been born psychopaths?
Seeing as how psychopathy isn't a diagnosable condition, what were psychopaths diagnosed with?
How do you deal with suicidal people?
Should I see a doctor or psychiatrist regarding my pseudo-Parkinson's symptoms?
What can you expect when starting medication for schizophrenia?
What are the things that you can do to improve yourself physically and mentally?
Is Hillary mentally ill?
Have you been in therapy when you were young and did it really help you?
How do I get rid of continuous unuseful, less meaningful, depressed thoughts?
Can mild paranoid schizophrenia be prevented, why or why not?
How do I know that if I have depression or not?
What is schizophrenia, and is it a disorder?
What should I do to get over mild depression? What should I do to cheer myself up?
What is a functional movement disorder?
What is adjustment disorder with anxiety and depression?
How do I stop my depression and get better grades as a teenager?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
Has anyone overcome social anxiety? If so, how?
What depression medications are you on?
Why do people suffer from anxiety mostly at night?
What should college students do if they have fallen into a state of depression?
How have your son's struggles with schizophrenia affected your opinion of the condition (not of the people afflicted with it)?
Is it possible to reclaim creativity after a long depression?
Does borderline personality disorder affect memory?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Do Low Functioning sociopaths blend in like their High Functioning counterpart?
If others cannot recover fully from depression then why and how can I?
What can I do if I'm trauma bonded with my ex-narcissist?
Can a non violent person be provoked to commit a violent assault if they suffered years of physical and mental abuse?
Do all people who self-harm have problems, or are they doing this just because they see that others are doing it?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What's the difference between paranoia and persecutory delusions?
Is it known what gene(s) could be implicated in antisocial personality disorder and similar disorders?
Why do panic attacks keep coming back after years of nothing?
How did you get diagnosed as a clinical psychopath, sociopath, or ASPD?
Can true psychopaths feel suicidal?
What are the symptoms of a child with depression?
Is it possible for your brain to ever be quiet?
Will I get a panic attack if I drink alcohol?
Do psychopaths feel competent?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, do you genuinely feel love for anything?
What happens to one’s body if it gets too little sleep (too few hours) for a longer time frame?
Why do people glamorize depression?
Is depression a disease or a psychological concept?
When should one take meds for mental disorder?
How did your father react when he knew you are a psychopath?
What is a natural cure for paranoia?
Which is the best way to quit psychodynamic psychotherapy?
When is the right time to seek a counsellor for depression?
Is going through depression a spiritual and karmic test?
Is rage in bipolar disorder considered a symptom or a coping mechanism?
Psychopaths show a lack of fear, but is it a complete lack? Does anything make them afraid?
Does the antidepressant Effexor promote wakefulness and attention in people with ADD/ADHD, just as Strattera does? Or is Strattera the only one?
They tell you its okay to be depressed sometimes but thats not depression its sadness, so why do they tell you you can cry then tell you not to?
The recent news says that "Instagram is worst social media for young mental health". What's your honest opinion on this?
How much should you rest in a day?
Can depression cause constant chest discomfort?
Is Trump suffering from dementia?
I am depressed because my single mother keeps yelling at me all the time. What should I do?
Should we really blame the NPD while we understand that he is a mentally ill person?
What topic should I choose for my final essay about mental disorders?
Can alternate personalities develop without trauma happening?
Is it normal for a therapist to look concerned when a client has a drastic personality change?
Is there a disorder/disease or mental illness where you are happy one day and totally unmotivated the next?
What will you tell someone who is going to commit suicide?
I think I am depressed. What can I do?
Who are some people who have had severe illnesses and survived?
Is the feeling of being 'possessed' (not being able to control ones thoughts/feelings) a symptom of dissociative identity disorder or something else?
Why does isolation drive someone insane?
Why did Hannah commit suicide?
How do anti-depression pills work in our bodies?
Why does megaloblastic anemia cause hallucinations?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths still like Hannibal, regardless of the wrong prescription of a psychopath?
Does sleep affect mental health?
How can anyone come out from mental harassment?
What is social anxiety? How do you distract yourself from it?
Is there a definitive point in time where we can say Hitler went from sane to insane?
What steps should an introvert take to get out of depression?
Do people with BPD regret their anger?
What are some hobbies that are both physically and mentally engaging?
If a job application asks if I have a mental illness, should I be honest or lie and tick no?
What specific gene is involved in psychopathy?
How do people consume high THC marijuana without having anxiety/panic attacks?
Why do I feel depressed when I lose in a giveaway everytime?
What is the social experience of a psychopath?
What is it like to be in a relationship with a bipolar person?
Why do psychopaths date people?
Can constant depression and stress lead to heart attack?
Did anyone with BPD get told they were just being teens when they knew that they did have BPD?
Is it possible to develop psychopathic traits as a response to your environment?
What are the dangers of treating schizophrenia without medication?
Are people with BPD dangerous?
What's the difference between not throwing your drink can because of social anxiety and holding in your pee during a lecture?
When it comes to prescribed medications to treat mental illness, what is the difference between being dependant and being addicted?
How can I help my struggling classmate?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
How can I cope better with my step-daughter who has bi polar disorder?
When are intrusive thoughts dangerous and why?
What was it like when you were first diagnosed with PTSD?
How are you coping with your bipolar and are you getting good help?
Can all neurological disorders cause asphsia and are all neurological disorders classed as brain damage?
What mental disorder would you consider that the person in this case study has?
Is it any better or worse for recovery to try and resist the symptoms of drug-induced movement disorders?
How can I cope up with adult separation anxiety?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
Why are psychopaths attracted to the INFJ personality type?
Why does Quora act like a therapist?
Is it normal to have memory problems with bipolar? Sometimes I don't know that I did something a week ago or that I wrote things to people and now I can't remember.
Can someone with pure obsessional OCD have a fear about themselves such as being a psycopath, which doesn't stem from intrusive thoughts?
Can a GP (general practitioner) diagnose you as bipolar?
What is it like to have schizophrenia and PTSD at the same time? Is it even possible?
Do separations in life affect the risk of developing schizophrenia?
Does depression and mental illness affect growth in height?
Is it possible to develop DID (dissociative identity disorder) as an adult or only as a child?
How can I help my dog with separation anxiety when I'm home most of the time?
How can I overcome my approach to anxiety and make my brain think faster when starting a conversation?
Does the narcissist ever forgive?
Do all alcoholics have memory problems?
What would be your advice for a third year law student who is currently single, broke, introverted and depressed?
Why does it seem that mental health/personality disorders are on the rise?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
How can I change my sister’s mentality?
Do sleeping for 16 hours can cause health or mental problem?
Does watching disgusting films make you mentally ill?
What should I do about the fear of having a stroke and losing the languages I knew and this fear preventing me from learning a new language?
Who experiences euthymic/stable state longer? Schizophrenics or people with bipolar disorder?
What's the difference between psychotic paranoia and true paranoia?
How can you start to rebuild your life (particularly around relationships) after a long period of depression?
When you were depressed and pushed almost everyone away, how did you feel about the person who stayed no matter what?
Can PCOS cause depression?
Psychopathy and Asperger’s seem to have a lot of common traits. Do you think they are variants of the same condition?
Sometimes in our lives we get depressed. What are the different reasons for depression?
Can a sociopath be calm and avoid anger problems?
What are some tips to cope with social anxiety?
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
How do I know if I’m borderline?
Do atheists ever feel frustrated and depressed because nobody pays any attention at all to their no-evidence argument?
How can I appear normal when I have ASPD?
Why are SSRIs so effective in treating OCD?
Can you help a psychopath?
How do I get a girlfriend when I'm depressed?
I've been sent to be assessed by a mental health team for anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy sub, what do I do?
Do anxiolytic drugs help overcome anxiety?
What is the subtle difference between psychosomatic sensations and tactile hallucinations?
Psychopaths and sociopaths, how did you react when you were first diagnosed with this "disorder" and what were your first thoughts on it?
What are some daily things you can do that make you mentally stronger?
How can I stop feeling like an anxious little child and grow up?
I am in a very good place. I have a lot of privileges. Why do I still feel so depressed?
Is there any quick cure for anxiety?
Are mindfulness and heart rate coherence related?
Has anyone dealt with a psychopath/sociopath who committed a serious crime such as murder/rape? If so, what was your experience like with them?
What comes to mind when you think of someone who is mentally ill? What are your stereotypes?
How do psychopaths handle public speaking?
What does it mean when I'm anxious but don't know exactly what I'm anxious about?
Can a person with a binge eating disorder be a normal weight?
How do I know if someone is bipolar?
What causes mental decompensation?
How many hours of sleep is necessary if you are suffering from atypical depression?
How does a psychologist make a differential diagnosis between NPD and OCPD? Considering the controlling nature of both disorders.
Would a high-functioning person with sexual sadism disorder have foresight, impulse control, and live by the law?
Sometimes when I'm really tired I have insane focus. Why is that?
If I call 911 saying I am going insane, how long will I be in a mental hospital if I tell them I will hurt myself if they let me go?
Given that children change throughout the maturing process, can we see if a child will develop into a full-blown narcissist adult?
What do I do when I'm ugly and want to commit suicide?
Why can't I focus on my schoolwork?
I have a lot of anxiety over presentations and social interaction. How can I overcome this?
How do you explain that depression is a feeling, directed by brain chemistry, that doesn't go away no matter what action is taken?
Why do I get filled with negativity on certain days/times of the week?
Do psychopaths like seeing gory websites?
Are some therapists in it for the money?
What would earn a psychopath's unstoppable vengeance against you?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
What comorbid effects are typical of persons with mania, PTSD, and autism combined?
Is there any help I can get regarding my mental health for free in Delhi?
What are the ways by which any teenage person could overcome depression in his life, caused due to hatred towards him?
Can you make yourself manic?
What is the most probable reason a teenager would commit or attempt suicide (it could be something you've come across or heard from someone else)?
Why do I miss being depressed?
Can a psychopath currently have a psychosis?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Is Sense8 about something that is kind of like DID (dissociative identity disorder), but in reverse?
What do psychopaths think about Adolf Hitler?
How can I maintain purpose in my life as an introverted (relatively successful) university student (who also has tinnitus/chronic depression)?
How does a psychopath feel during a depression?
What I have to do for get rid of stress and depression?
Is a person who hears voices and thinks others are spying on them likely to commit suicide eventually?
How do you motivate a person who is in extreme depression and not willing to take any advice?
What are the drugs for social anxiety?
What are some ways to tell whether someone has mental health issues?
How successful would a matchmaking algorithm that would pair people up with similar mental characteristics and uniform choices?
How do I fight PMS-related depression? I also suffer from hypothyroidism which causes frequent bouts of depression.
Would a female psychopath be more likely to be murdered by an abusive male due to her lack of fear?
Is it better to be physically safe or mentally safe?
Can someone *become* a sociopath (or something similar) due to conditioning?
What is the connection point between alexithymia and depression?
Does a BPD diagnosed person, accept this diagnosis? If yes, when does that person come to acceptance?
Is spring anxiety (seasonal anxiety) a thing?
Can you go insane from an internet video?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
Is being a counselor a viable career option for someone suffering depression or anxiety?
Do psychotherapists provide the same legal provision for client confidentiality as lawyers do?
How do teens with BPD act usually?
What are people depressed about?
How many people would commit suicide if it could be accomplished legally and painlessly?
What do you mean by psychotherapy?
Are there any strange or paradoxical responses to antidepressants that occur in people with personality disorders?
Can a person who can make eye contact have social anxiety?
Can you just ask someone whether he is a psychopath or not?
If someone with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a person who is a psychopath, how do things play out if the Psychopath wants to break up?
How can one become a monk? Is it the displeasure for worldliness or is it simply another phase of depression that leads one to think that way?
How can I deal with, and help my spouse who suffers from a major depression that is sometimes manic?
What symptoms does a person with Pellagra have?
I’ve been jobless for 5 months, and I’m feeling depressed. What should I do?
Is looking in the mirror a lot at yourself a sign of bipolar mania? Is it just like narcissism, or is it both narcissism and mania?
Should I tell my teacher about having travel anxiety?
When does the heartbeat of psychotic people get faster?
Has marijuana been used to treat symptoms like impulsivity in bipolar disorder?
A guy has developed OCD and depression due to years of bullying in school and college. Can he ever stop taking OCD medication and lead a normal life?
Why do people suffering depression push other people away?
How do you recover from severe depression with no support system?
Are people with low EQ easier to suffer from depression?
What kind of obsessions does a person have if he got both OCD and depression?
I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow about whether I have depression what do I say?
What is a unique combination of mental disorders?
Does a person develop BPD over time in adulthood?
What can I do to get over my anxiety of flying and have a safe, comfortable flight?
Why am I feeling anxiety about a kiss I did not consent to?
How do I identify depression in my teen?
Are there foods that can ease or worsen depression?
How can you tell if a depressed person still loves you?
How does a psychopath behave if s/he doesn't care to wear a mask around people?
What do you do when a therapist asks you to do an assignment, but you can't do it? Am I failing therapy?
Why do I self harm?
Can cannabis cure or lessen the severity of anxiety disorders particularly social anxiety?
What are the reasons of someone with BPD getting fired from work?
Whenever life gets normal, I begin getting depressed again. How do you think I can prevent that or reduce the feeling?
Is psychosis, paranoia and persecutory delusions more common among bipolar I or bipolar II?
What is considered traumatizing enough to suffer from PTSD?
Do people abuse drugs and alcohol, or do drugs and alcohol abuse people?
What is the worst thing that could come from intense anxiety?
Why are drama teachers so insane?
What exactly is eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), and how likely is it to help with PTSD?
What would a hallucinogenic trip be like for a sociopath?
Would it make sense to prescribe someone with mixed depression/anxiety a stimulant like amphetamine plus a non sedating anxyolitic such as buspirone?
What are some experiences of a person living with bipolar disorder?
Will having a condition like nocturia disqualify you from being an astronaut for NASA?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
What are alternatives when therapy exacerbates rather than mitigates?
If a man was born mentally normal but stressful and traumatic events changed him, can he change back? If so, how?
How do you convince your parents that going to a therapist/psychologist doesn't make you an abnormal person?
How does it take people years before they realise they're bipolar?
Do you have any recommendations for counseling or therapy in Michigan, USA?
Do psychopaths ever have such a convincing mask that they even convince themselves?
Is there a life experience that could potentially change a sociopath or psychopath for good?
I feel severely depressed, what can I do?
What are some ways to not let others disturb our mental peace?
Is it hard to adjust to "the real world" if someone with a narcissistic personality disorder has recently recovered from the disorder?
How do I approach or set up an appointment for bipolar disorder? I was diagnosed in 2013, but I never continued treatment.
How can I convince a person with schizophrenia to get help?
How do you get post-traumatic stress disorder?
What do you do when you feel really blue and depressed?
How old do I have to be to get diagnosed with ASPD?
Do you believe it is better for a client to plan what to discuss in a psychotherapy session or just allow things to "naturally" unfold?
How common is it for abusive parents to have their children misdiagnosed with mental illnesses as a method of avoiding responsibility?
Is being a clinical psychologist stressful? Clinical psychologists talk to depressed people everyday, so do they also get depressed by that?
How would a child's development be impacted if they encountered severe PTSD at the age of 3?
How do anti-anxiety meds work? Will they make me stop thinking about the thing I'm anxious about?
Do psychopaths or sociopaths ever feel nervous when it comes to their own self? If yes, in what situations?
Will a person with ankylosing spondylitis become disabled & bend forward eventually?
Can a mental health professional answer my questions about the treatment of depression with ayahuasca?
How do I overcome anxiety as a teen?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
What should be done for a person who is suffering from bipolar disorder? They are in a kind of extreme stage of depression.
Should I self-harm aloud to force people to like me?
How do other people really look at mentally ill people?
Why does pole dancing burn so much when you start out? Will it ever go away?
Should I tell on my first psychiatric appointment what kind of disorders I think I have?
Are there any subtypes to sociopathy/psychopathy?
What are some mental activities I can do now as an adult to avoid senility in my older years?
Can depression be completely cured? If yes, how did you realize that you are absolutely fine?
Why do I remain confused and do silly mistakes? Is it any medical or psychological problem?
Have you found that caffeine helps with your bipolar disorder symptoms?
How can I explain to people about my mental illness when I don't seem "crazy" to other people most of the time?
What are my options if I can't afford a psychological evaluation?
How can I become intelligent and overcome dumbness or mental retardation (by birth)?
What are some signs that psychological therapy/counseling is "working"?
Is there a difference between heart break and depression?
Can a bad childhood cause adult survivors to lie excessively and uncontrollably? Is it a mental disorder or just plain human nature?
What should be done when a person is mentally drained out and they are not getting enough care from their family?
In theory at least, do we all have mental health problems?
Is Batman psychologically insane?
Is it "attention seeking" and "conceited" (in a way) to accept/sometimes say that I have a mental disorder?
Why does Salman Khan like to play characters with mental issues? Does that come naturally to him, or does a lot of effort go into it?
Is there a difference between INFJ disembodiment and depersonalization?
Is a psychiatrist better at diagnosing mental illness than a layman?
What is the biggest panic attack you ever had?
Should I tell my parents that I smoke so they can support me in the quitting process?
Are Avoidant Personality Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome possibly be both present?
How does depression in a spouse lead to divorce?
I'm depressed and no one will listen to me. What can I do?
What are some stories where people have failed multiple times, due to the instability of their minds?
Trump has worsen my mental illnesses, can I sue him?
What is the most probable reason a mentally strong teenager would suicide? (It could be anything you've come across or someone else's 'story')
Can a person with split personalities have different mental disorders and abilities in each personality?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
How do you know you need counselling, medication, or psychotherapy?
How do I know if I have Asperger's syndrome or social anxiety disorder?
What are some useful lists to commit to memory for mental/speed math?
Are SSRIs more effective for OCD rather than depression?
My girlfriend is suffering from depression, how can I help her?
Who is qualified to treat depression, and how is it treated?
How many people reading this have been diagnosed with a Primary Immunodeficiency?
What are some symptoms of a person with Paranoid personality disorder?
What shall I do if I feel depressed from being alone?
What happens if you steal from a psychopath?
Who are the most popular psychologists that work with patients?
Why are my coping mechanisms regressing?
Is it ridiculous if an adult gets relieved from anger and despair by self-harm?
How do you deal with feeling depressed about politics and current affairs?
Why are so many people becoming so sensitive about life and relationships (both physically and mentally) and committing suicide nowadays?
What's the best way to help someone with dissociative identity disorder without making it worse for that individual?
What does mental toughness help you with, or having a strong mentality? Are they the same thing?
My mom thinks that diet and exercise will prevent a psychotic episode. She thinks a lot is in my control. I have schizophreniform. What do you think?
What are some learning strategies for veteran students with TBI and PTSD?
Is there something I can read or watch that will help when I'm having a panic attack?
How do I deal with my daughter who has narcissistic personality disorder?
How do I stop annoying friends when I’m depressed?
Have you heard of a propofol pill used to help with trauma and PTSD from narcissistic abuse?
How do Psychopaths see their own "friends"?
Both of my brothers committed suicide. How do I cope?
How can I keep myself from feeling worthless and depressed?
How can I manage with a bipolar spouse?
Isn't taking anxiety meds just helping you avoid facing your problems?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
Am I a sociopath? How do I know for sure?
Is it selfish to dwell on your own mental health issues when family members rely on you to be strong?
Should a person tell others their mental health diagnosis?
What can I do to convince my 42-year-old BPD mom to seek treatment?
Can someone recover from BPD?
When I do not understand something, I feel that it should be something stupid. Do I have a mental illness?
What is the difference between emetophobia and OCD?
Why does a person get depressed?
What should I do to stop procrastinating? I have always suffered from this, like always when I start studying, which makes me suffer.
Is mental illness, in America, a result of problems within society/culture as a whole?
Can the human brain be overloaded? Or is the stress we experience just due to "over stretching" our mental capacity
How do you deal with (resolve) walking depression?
I’m going through depression. I have really mean classmates. I feel suicidal. No one gets how I feel. How to I stop this from affecting my studies?
Is it legal to refuse to sell a gun to someone who looks mentally ill?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
I believe I am suffering from dementia in my 20's. What is the most common cause?
What are some examples of sociopathic tendencies?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
Is CAMHS deliberately trying to drive me to suicide?
I hate my PhD advisor, because he does not appreciate me. How do I stop getting affected by him so much?
Why does rain make me depressed? How do I get over it?
Has anyone dealt with a narcissistic personality? How did you recover? Do we ever recover?
How common is the feeling of guilt for someone who has bipolar disorder?
As a psychopath, what are your greatest pleasures in life?
What would happen if everyone fell into a deep depression?
What is responsible for obsessions in OCD?
What is the best actionable advice for someone who is struggling with depression?
Is numbness a sign of mania?
Can a mentally ill person file for asylum?
Is the feeling I'm feeling depression or something else?
What happens if you faint in a psych ward?
How do people with borderline personality disorder prevent themselves from crying?
Do people with borderline personality disorder get very jealous?
Is it possible that my OCD is getting worse even if my mood is getting a lot better?
Why do people throw around terms like "sociopath" and "psychopath" without knowing what they truly mean?
Do psychopaths enjoy bestiality?
How did psychopaths react to having a child?
How can I turn my anxiety into excitment?
Is Abbas Naderi a psychopath?
Can praying to the devil make you schizophrenic if you ask him to make you schizophrenic?
Is there a bot you can talk to when you’re depressed?
What should a boy do if he is suffering from a mobile addiction?
What causes mental weakness?
What are the ways to overcome depression after failing consecutive exams even after working hard for it?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
Why do those with BPD blame others?
How can you tell a jerk from a narcissist?
At what age can someone be clinically diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder?
Why does my social anxiety go away when I speak another language?
What's the best way of bootstrapping when you're really depressed?
Is being a psychopath a clear advantage in the corporate world?
Do psychopaths enjoy lying for the thrill?
What is the name for the mental illness or depression that immigrants experience?
What is the best cure for 'Performance anxiety'?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
I am suffering from emphysema. Can I go to Dharamshala for studies?
Would everyone benefit from a therapist?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
What are some short and long term solutions for someone with BPD who has failed to properly budget for monthly expenses?
What can you do if you are scared of what to do when graduating/what to study, of getting depressed in post-secondary, and/or other fears?
Which mental illnesses cause libido to increase?
What are the effects of over-protective parents on a child’s mental health?
What are some tips for making myself mentally strong?
Can bullying cause Complex PTSD?
I have a powerful urge to jump off my balcony. I'm not suicidal but the urge is so powerful, that it makes me panic. What is wrong with me?
Why does my mom self-diagnose herself with OCD?
How can I convince my parents to go to a therapist without telling them that I think I’m bipolar?
How can I deal with OCD, ADD, and bipolar disorder?
What goes wrong in early childhood development that could cause narcissistic personality disorder?
How do you warn someone, who is a decent human being, that they’re involved with a narcissist?
Will having therapy sessions affect my financial future?
Can shadow work or working with the shadow self help cure intrusive thoughts?
What are the best methods to refresh your brain to its initial max capacity from a depressed state?
How do I cure my social anxiety disorder?
How can a person overcome the initial reluctance s/he may feel when seeing a psychologist for the first time?
How do you test for a self-defeating personality disorder?
Should a young doctor with schizoid personality disorder choose their specialty according to the personality disorder?
When should I seek further help with my depression and anxiety?
Is OCD one of the worst mental diseases?
What do psychopaths think of the Wikipedia article on psychopathy?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Is there anyone who took PCM by choice, but got depressed in 12th due to consistent falldowns?
How did you realise you have bipolar disorder and how did you feel?
I've been on the same meds for 20 years. I want off. Will my general practitioners help me get away from a psychiatrist and the meds?
I want to kill someone. How do I control myself?
Being a victim of a Vyapam scandal is driving me crazy; I'm frustrated and depressed. I'm 23 and I have no degree. What should I do?
I have a friend who I really care about but I dread seeing him. He has a mental illness so is sometimes volatile company. How can I be supportive?
What is psychotic depression, and what causes it? Is it more than one major depressive episode?
How does a person get physically and mentally stronger?
From an atheist perspective, can we consider religious practices as a mental disorder?
I'm homeschooled, have social anxiety, and live in a small town where not many things are available. What do I do?
What do I do to get out of depression and work towards the life I want for myself?
Should I talk to my research adviser about my depression?
Why do highly intelligent people often suffer from mental illnesses?
Are people with lower social anxiety levels easier to mentor (because they more willingly approach people you suggest)?
If mental illness is a result of cerebral chemical imbalances, why aren't diagnoses done by neuroimaging conjuncted with psychological evaluation?
Can you develop PTSD by having your child taken away by CPS?
What do you do if you discover that you are a psychopath?
What are the ways to get out of stress and depression?
Do you ever really get out of depression and being suicidal and self harming if you don't go to a doctor?
How do you mentally prepare yourself two days before a major examination?
How can I use desensitization to help myself through a panic attack?
Are there any known people who could be sociopaths (not psychopaths)?
Is there a quality of life after a lifelong struggle with depression?
A man with depression breaks up with you. What do you do?
Is Mark David Chapman still mentally ill?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
How can people with borderline personality disorder handle the death of a loved one?
Where does depression end and narcissism begin?
Is anxiety and social anxiety a common comorbid disorder with people who have ASD (Asperger's Syndrome included)?
I have been having suicidal thoughts and intents for a while now. Should I just ignore this? If I had access to ways to successfully do it I would.
If you screw up between 14-22, can you recover from it and be a fully contributing member of society?
A girl with signs of mental illness is accusing me of battery. What can I do?
Which is better for anxiety - allopathy, Ayurveda, or homeopathy? I am suffering from anxiety, but I don't want to take tablets that will control my thoughts.
What mentality is she suffering from?
Do guys who broke off a relationship because they lost feelings for you due to depression come back?
How do I stop being an anxiety ridden mess?
Is there any remedy for chronic depression?
Are narcissists delusional and mentally unstable?
What does ‘trigger’ mean with someone who has BPD?
Why do people suffering from anxiety fear they have gone crazy and are just hallucinating their whole life?
How can I break out of a mental loop?
Scary thoughts are not letting me sleep. I have anxiety. How do I overcome irrational and scary thoughts?
Why is major depression inconsolable?
Is anxiety linked to baldness?
Why is Quora filled with judgement and prejudice regarding mental and personality disorders like bipolar and BPD?
What were the 18 psychological disorders as mentioned by agastya?
What does being 27% neurotypical entail for an individual?
Why do people in India neglect mental health and visiting a psychiatrist is considered more of a taboo?
How does one cope with stress in law school?
Are people who suffer from depression lazy?
What's the difference between social anxiety and being nervous around people?
Is there at least one atheist or agnostic psychotherapist, counselor, psychiatrist, or other mental health professional working in Nairobi?
Why do I feel anxious about a kiss?
Are psychopaths parasites? Do they need victims to survive?
Do some people with ASPD want to be a neutrotyical?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, what is the best method to help him change his mind?
I’m cutting myself in order to feel something. Is this a sign of a mental disorder?
Psychopaths, does it affect you that sometimes your actions and your involvement change an outcome of a situation?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
How can I get over my severe social anxiety enough to not mess up every relationship I have before they even have a chance to be something?
Is psychopathy our default setting?
Does counselling help even if the person is adamant about not cooperating with the counsellor?
Is it bad if I hold back urges to yell out of frustration?
My husband mentally and financially abuses me. What should I do?
Should we commit suicide or not?
Do psychopaths use pets as implements for their masks?
Does indulging in musical instruments help in coping up with anxiety?
Do psychopaths ever feel like life is a game?
Can I get mental health leave from school?
Can a psychologist diagnose HFA?
How do I reduce my anxiety?
Is it bad that I resent my mentally ill sister, after she dropped out of two universities, leaving us broke?
Can I sue a psychiatrist who prescribed me antidepressants without telling me about the detrimental side effects?
What is OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder)?
Is there any scale to measure depression? What would make you decide that you are depressed?
What is the reality of depression?
Why am I mentally confused and having more than one thought at all times?
How do you know when your boyfriend is bipolar?
I show a lot of symptoms for a few mental disorders. How can I be sure?
I think I have bipolar disorder and I'm scared to tell my parents. What should I do?
What are the odds a narcissistic sociopath with borderline personality disorder has recycled 3 times?
What do you do when you have depression and anxiety and you are in a relationship and think things are going wrong all the time?
Are mentally organized people more likely to appear disorganized because they can easily deal with disorganized information?
Statistically speaking, what percentage of homeless people have a mental illness?
Is it possible for a sociopath to be an A-lister (that is, fit all the psychopathic categories, e.g., no emotion, ego-driven)?
Is there a diagnosis for some who diagnoses everyone with out a degree or training?
Has anyone had social anxiety? How do you get over it?
If you wrote a letter to eating disorders, what would it say?
Why were people with mental illness abused in the past, and currently in some countries?
How can anxiety make you sick?
Is there anyone here on Quora who can help me overcome depression?
What are the best (stand out) apps for meditation, mental health and well-being?
What can I do to stop being a schizoid?
Is there a higher incidence of depression among adoptees than in the general population?
How can I find online help for depression?
Can anxiety worsen periods?
Do people act crazy to stay sane?
My husband committed suicide recently. I need therapy and meds. Are there psychologists or psychiatrists that you can talk to via phone?
Are there any conditions that are just like psychopathy but aren't?
How do I seek help for suicide thoughts if I'm afraid to ask for help?
What is the fastest way to get diagnosed? In Fresno California I have anxiety, social anxiety etc.
Are there any methods (psychiatric or otherwise) that are proven to help with the symptoms of Narcissistic Victim Syndrome?
If POTUS were to be effectively incapacitated by a mental condition, such as senile dementia, how would the government administration deal with this?
Why do people with borderline personality disorder have self identity issues?
How do I overcome stress and anxiety one day before the BITSAT?
What benefit does a psychopath find in building a relationship with someone if they don't really feel anything toward them?
Can you trigger a panic attack without thinking about the source of your stress?
How can I ensure my overall mental development?
What do psychopaths think of the Hare psychopathy checklist?
Has anyone ever been insanely manipulated by a psychopath? I ruined my life trying to help someone who is beyond help.
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
How do people with PTSD concentrate?
I’m a doctor​ with no certification. I’m doing my own therapy for musculoskeletal problems. I need certification for my therapy. How can I get it?
How do people deal with mental health problems?
How can I commit suicide without people finding out?
How do I become mentally strong to increase my memory power?
If you tell a psychologist that you’re suicidal, can they place you in a psych ward?
Who has experience with adult selective mutism?
Is there a personality disorder linked to someone who doesn't believe in romantic love?
How do therapists feel when it turns out the person they had committed to a mental hospital returns worse off than when they entered?
What is the law in India for a family member not taking a mentally ill person to a doctor for treatment, if the person himself is not in a position to decide?
Do people with psychosis or a psychotic breakdown know that about themselves? Are they cognizant they are in an alternate reality/breakdown?
What are the best methods to improve Depression and anxiety without Meds?
What are some of the more unusual ways people have committed suicide?
How do I stop my mind from having negative thoughts? My mind adds up all the possibilities and that makes me more upset or worried.
Why is the role played by psychotherapy in the treatment of a personality disorder?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
Why are people who commit suicide labelled as cowards?
How do North Americans feel about their mental health?
Depression has made me a better person. Without trying to "get rid of it", what are some ways to manage it?
Have you ever been anxious for no reason at all?
Why are mental and emotional health important?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, what are your symptoms besides hallucinations?
Why do I feel the need to read about who were the victims after terror attacks?
The breathing techniques discovered by Wim Hof can help eliminate depression and anxiety, but can it send blood flowing to anywhere in the body?
Will antipsychotics "help" my anorexia?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
How do I help a friend who is suicidal but terrified of therapists?
What are good free resources to help someone with borderline personality disorder? And how do you get someone with BPD to get help?
What is insanity and at which point can a person be classified as "medically insane"?
What happens to your brain if you have been depressed for a long time?
I am feeling really hopeless, what shall I do?
Is it common to fall back into depression if you once where there? How can I avoid to fall back into it?
When does the onset of schizophrenia begin? Is it noticeable at first?
What is specific social anxiety, and how can a person overcome it?
Why is it more acceptable to be a psychopath than a schizophrenic?
What do narcissists say about their condition?
How badly do people with BPD experience paranoia?
When you are very anxious, what should you do?
What does it feel like to lose a child due to an eating disorder?
Why do people think that you are weak when you are depressed?
How do psychopaths feel when people tell them that they should be compassionate?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
Which are few examples of scientists with personality disorders?
Can you give me the characteristics of a person who has bipolar depression?
Is suicide illegal where you live? If so, how do people get help there?
Are lefties more prone to mental illness?
How do you deal with anxiety and depression syndrome?
Is it questionable to administer risperidone to non-psychotic patients?
Do people who hear voices ever hear useful information or positive things or are the voices always negative and delusional?
How can I deal with anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, PTSD, being an introvert and shy?
Why is it so difficult to tell someone you think you have depression and/or an eating disorder?
If you go to student health services and don't think their psychologist is helpful, what should you do?
How would you commit suicide?
How do I get one free psychotherapy session?
Do therapists look up your mental health chart?
Can a normal person increase his mental capacity to a great level, meaning memory, creativity, etc.?
Can one use characteristical similarities between humans as a basis for suggesting an individual’s mentality?
How did you survive the emotional fallout from being manipulated by a malevolent sociopath?
What percentage of U.S. citizens suffer from some type of mental health disorder?
Can I be denied mental health services in jail?
How do I control stress?
I was left by a woman who couldn't understand that all I wanted was a trustworthy and loyal partner. Could my BPD been the cause of her infidelity?
How hard is it for someone with schizoid personality disorder to get through school?
Can I become a therapist if I have social anxiety?
Why does my wife incist on me having shaved genitals?
What is the best advice you can give to future mental health counselors to be effective in their work? What skills do I need to stand out to clients?
Are the symptoms in the question details indicative of symptoms of depression?
Is there a correlation between depression and being second-born?
How do I help my sibling find success, deal with 6 years of depression and stop his suicidal thoughts due to a low undergrad GPA?
Are sadness and depression the same? What do you do to cope with them?
What should I do to overcome depression? I become over-anxious or over-depressed.
I'm scared my depression might be developing into something worse like a personality disorder or sociopathy. How do I know?
What should I do if I self-harm but don’t know why?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
Has internet made people smart or hopeless mental cripples?
Why are depressed people more realistic?
As a therapist, has a patient ever straight up lied to you?
How do you cope at age 64 with the fear, worry, depression, financial uncertainty, and devastation of a job loss?
Why is mental health a taboo subject amongst Tamils?
Can caffeine be used to treat ADHD in nursing mothers who were diagnosed after having children?
Why is depression sometimes sexually appealling?
How can I study properly if I'm suffering from anxiety?
I’m 23 and ever since I was 20, I’ve had issues with depression and paranoia mainly because of social media. People say I’m schizo. What should I do?
Can a psychopath be friends with someone who is super sensitive?
Do you have any advice for an adult waiting on a diagnosis of autism?
Can I recover from a lifetime of abuse? I'm mostly a fun and happy person but have my walls up and can't grieve or react normally to stress /conflict.
I consciously employ influence psychology to get what I want, am I a psychopath?
Why do mentally ill people use the illness as an excuse?
Could it be that the recurrent psychological abuse from relatives (not parents but other relatives) causes sociopathic tendencies?
Which movies can help me feel better during a depressive episode?
What are the best way to fight depression naturally?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
Why are some psychopaths self-aware while others aren't?
Sometimes I feel that committing suicide and killing myself is the best solution to relax from poverty and misery. Why?
What can I do when my therapist and mother want to send me to a mental hospital?
What is separation anxiety and how do you treat it?
I have antisocial traits. How would I get along with a psychopath?
Is access bars therapy really effective?
Why do people think that rain causes depression?
Can I get over PTSD and anxiety without medication?
Do you believe there is a major difference in recovery from mental illness for those of higher intellect?
What can I do from here? I'm not exactly depressed. How can I go about finding a spiritual path?
What are mental health problems? People say they are illnesses, but aren't there happy people with mental health issues?
What kind of stuff do psychopaths hide under their masks?
What's that mental state called where you get a sudden rush of excitement?
What would happen to a person's physical and mental state if they were buried alive in a coffin for several days?
What is the point of trying when people are bloodthirsty and crazy?
What's a good way to stop the anxiety-causing thoughts when they come?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
What is a psychological evaluation like?
How can I remain at peace in between my parents' fight? It's taking a toll on my mental health.
Does the stable state last longer in schizophrenia or in bipolar disorder?
How do you leave someone with BPD?
If I see a violently graphic scene on TV I feel as though I am experiencing it, is this typical of spectrum disorders?
What are some tips to combat mental fatigue after long periods of focusing?
What is the best natural stress relief for ptsd?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
Is being mentally strong a choice?
How do I get over anxiety and increase my confidence about driving?
How do you know that you are not going into depression?
How do I help myself? I have BPD with reoccurring depression & no support or family, and I'm struggling to stay alive.
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
What is the average dose of quetiapine for BPD (EUPD)?
Are there psychopaths who don't wear masks?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
How do I deal with panic attacks? I am looking for something which helps permanently and not temporarily. Is there a permanent solution to stop having them?
Could I have histrionic personality disorder?
What could this mental illness be?
How long does depression last. Does it end or you learn to live with it?
Has anyone ever been broken up with because of your mental illness? How did you cope?
What are the stupidest reasons for commiting suicide?
Which environmental theory of mental illness is the most intriguing to you, and why?
I want to make a company of psychopaths, how do I do it?
What are your best anecdotes of patients with a factitious disorder?
What should a patient with autonomic disorders and anxiety disorders do?
Why does anxiety cause tiredness?
What medical tests exist for 'cured' for illnesses not caused by a parasite?
How can one effectively (to an extent) emulate psychopathy?
Seriously, how much of society is filled with people who have personality disorders?
Does an anxiety attack make ADHD symptoms worse?
How does self-harming start?
Have you ever been in a relationship with someone that had a mental disorder?
Do some psychopaths cut themselves so they can feel an emotion?
How do I know if books about personality disorders are not just trash?
Why did Robert Clive commit suicide?
How can I tell if I'm actually depressed and have anxiety or if I am just going through a "teen phase"?
Does anyone in India consult therapists or seek psychological counseling?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
Where I can found society of mental brahmacharis?
What would your life be like if you suddenly no longer had BPD?
What keeps libertarians from going full-blown anarcho-capitalist?
Is narcissistic personality disorder a common personality disorder serial killers have?
What herbs can I take to nullify an anxiety attack?
Are all psychopaths good at lying?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths ever fake cry, when getting in trouble as children?
Is there any good way to get rid of a fetish?
How do you tell your boss you have mental illness and still hope to keep your job?
What is the name of the stiffness disorder suffered by mountaineers at higher altitudes?
Are psychiatrists really aware of what goes on inside a patient’s brain who is on antidepressants?
Do you take medication for your anxiety? If so, are you concerned about studies that say anxiety medications can cause permanent changes in your brain?
How would someone come back from schizophrenia?
How do I tell my boss I have depression and anxiety and will need time off to go to therapy appointments?
How bad does an event need to be to shatter a 6-9-year-old's innocence?
As per Islam, life and death are in God's hands, then why are people able to take their own lives?
How can you learn to make good small but hard everyday choices (e.g. avoiding sweets on a diet, etc.), governing your feeling-thought-action dynamics?
Is it hard to get into clinical mental counseling programs?
How can anxiety make you feel weak?
How can I commit suicide easily without hurting anyone?
Would a psychopath make a good model?
What was the view of mental health in Victorian times?
What is a psychopath with blindsight like?
What do you do if you love programming but it burns you out constantly?
Should I quit gaming if it makes me depressed and I want to get fit and better grades?
What is the likely cause of lethargy barring any grave illness in an otherwise functioning individual?
How do I safely ask for help when I have a dependent personality disorder?
Is listening to music good or bad for our mental health?
Can I get some opinions on whether I should seek help?
Can I end my OCD completely?
Do psychopaths have a codex?
How do you tell an NPD parent that they are NPD and still have a relationship?
Is there an apparent trend of armchair psychologists assigning BPD to others (as in say narcissism)?
What are some immediate ways to help a panic attack?
Are most successful people psychopaths or have psychopathic tendencies?
How is mental illness more dangerous than physical illness?
Could autism and some other mental health issues be the next stage in evolution?
Do psychopaths ever commit/consider suicide?
Can you tell me how mania, the mental illness, can kill you?
Do my parents have to be notified if I want to see a therapist privately?
Are there people who can't see any color? Why? Does it affect anything (emotionally, physically, or mentally)?
How can I be ok with letting someone in?
I have heard some people say that racism and homophobia should be treated as mental health problems. Do you agree or disagree with this?
Is there a rehabilitation center in B. M. Institute of Mental Health, Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Is therapy helpful for most people?
How does it feel to not have social anxiety?
Does being on the methadone program cause depression?
How can I distinguish anhedonia from depression from anhedonia from schizoid personality disorder?
Do you tend to feel miserable with having schizoaffective disorder?
Will my marks increase or decrease after verification in SSC?
What are some things that can be done to help someone fight depression?
Can OCD change form during life?
Do some people fake mental disorder like having NPD or being a psychopath?
Is it bad to always fantasize about a new life when I am too depressed?
Are you a different person since depression?
How do I differentiate between panic attack and a heart problem?
What is the diffference between delusion and depressive rumination?
I was wondering if I may be considered to have OCD?
How do I help my girlfriend when she is having a PTSD attack?
Can people become psychopaths eventually, as opposed to being born as such?
Do high-functioning psychopaths understand rules and laws and understand why we follow them?
Why can I only work when there's something else that's urgent?
Can anxiety cause itching?
Psychopaths, has someone ever seen through your mask? If so, how did you react?
Who's worse than a psychopath?
Should I use social anxiety pills? If yes, what are they called?
Is Cardio B the right supplement for maintaining mental and physical health?
I feel normal when my mind is distracted, but when I have nothing to do, I go crazy and feel suicidal. Is this normal?
Does weed make a mental illness worse?
Is there anyone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder in Bhopal?
My parents don't believe I'm depressed. What do I do?
What would you think of your future if you had a mom who had just committed suicide for depression?
What should I do about my extreme social anxiety?
What to do when we are so depressed by a problem that we cannot fix for a long time up to a point that we want to commit suicide?
Without any degrees or licenses, could I create this business idea that I have for Mental Health?
How can you tell if you’re a psychopath?
Can a diagnosed sociopath or psychopath become a social worker/therapist/psychologist?
Koko sounds like Quora for mental health. How is it different?
Why am I always anxious when I take notes?
What are some treatments for social anxiety disorder?
Does depression impair working memory?
Do sociopaths also have a paranoid personality disorder?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
What are the differences between having a very anxious-preoccupied attachment style and suffering from BPD?
How do I overcome my depression as I am solving 562 despite deserving above 600 in NEET 2017?
What are some psychiatric lies?
Is lateral thinking the amount of net knowledge gained or just a mental ability?
How do I stop being a jerk when I am depressed?
Do psychopaths have anything to compensate for their lack of emotions?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
What should I tell to the counselor about my depression?
What should I do if I am a manic depressive?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
What is decompensation in mental health?
A lady has periodic mental phases. She speaks a lot during that and is very nonsensical and turns religious. What can the problem be?
How does it feel to fully recover from a serious clinical depression that lasts a few years or more? Is it really possible to live in a normal way afterwards?
Is pain physically real or mentally?
What would a psychopath’s "world" be like if he/she didn't have to conform to ours?
How did your parents react when they found out you are a psychopath? Did they always suppose it or was it a surprise?
In the UK, what is the legal/medical term for a high functioning psychopath or someone who has those traits?
Can being bipolar lead to compulsive lying?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
What is anaclitic depression in adults?
Can drinking coffee worsen general anxiety disorder or depression?
How does someone personally deal with a sleep-related eating disorder?
What's the best way to find a psychologist?
I have depression ad anxiety, how can I convince my parents to allow me to see a psychiatrist?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
Are criminally insane and mentally ill people (who haven't committed an offence) sent to the same hospitals?
What brought you to depression, can you talk about it and would you dare to share your story?
What is the difference between an INFP-T and an INFP-A that has bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or both?
Do I have a mental disorder if all I think about is what mental disorder I have and I'm always looking at myself in mirrors?
I'm sure I used to suffer from OCD when I was a child. How do I tell my parents this?
How can I live even though I am old and ugly and depressed?
What do people who use mental health services like to be called, e.g. consumer, patient or client?
What advice would you give a 200lb woman struggling with chronic depression and eating disorder?
How do you know you are not mentally ill, like in Fight Club?
What's the difference between sociopaths, psychopaths, narcissists, and a Machiavellian?
How do I deal with anxiety before the exam results declaration?
Do you think the bombardment of bad news by the media can cause depression?
Love is a mental illness that destroys the mind. How can it be cured?
How can you give support to someone who's having a mental breakdown?
Does flat head affect mental ability?
Is despair an affliction or a sin? Or something else?
Is there a safe pill to temporarily induce depression or anxiety?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
Does suicide occur with animals? If so, is it usually rooted in depression and being unhappy?
What “reasonable adjustments” can my occupational health report make?
How do I help my suicidal and depressed brother?
What type of paranoia commonly occurs in bipolar disorder?
Is Sigmund Freuds' dream interpretation still relevant in modern psychology and determining causes for mental illness?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What makes you get over depression faster?
Today, I found out that my 12-year-old sister started cutting herself off from my mom. How can I help my sister or be useful to her in some way?
Should I do a degree in university if one thought of it makes me depressed?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager forever and improve my life?
I am terrified of living. I live in constant dread, fear, anxiety and depression. What can I do?
How can I get my mind out of this deep cycle of anxiety and panic feeling?
When a psychologist develops a mental disorder, do they give therapy to themselves?
Is it common for the partner of someone with BPD to lose their social life, abuse alcohol, & feel dependent on their BPD partner?
What does being in a depression feel like? I feel like I am depressed.
How many people suffer from tick borne Alpha-Gal in the USA?
Do I have anxiety disorder when I told my mom I was ill so I didn't have to go to school since I would've been late and I would be stared at in class?
Is social anxiety a mental disorder or a mindset?
May is Mental Health Month, so why place a label on people? Why is there such a stigma?
How do you think would an ENTP-A and a Narcisst/Sociopath/Psychopath get along?
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
Does anyone else feel anxious when your cellphone rings?
What’s it like to be a narcissist?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about suicide?
How do I, as a clinically depressed person, get through to my narcissistic brother, who is coming to visit? He has no clue how stressful it will be for me.
What are some behaviours that you're most ashamed of when you were in a borderline personality "episode"?
What are some drugs used to make mental patients sleep?
What are some methods for dealing with/suppressing my scrupulosity?
Are there any consequences to having mental illness diagnoses in your medical records?
Every social interaction I have is fake on my end (not manipulation, I could just care less) is this similar to psychopathy or sociopathy?
Why does Pinterest cause depression and even shame in some women?
How can I find out whether I'm disturbed or depressed?
Is there any other way for people with depression to feel better rather than go to psychiatrists?
How do I cram 2 days before finals and not have panic attacks?
How do I stop my depression caused by bad grades and gaming?
From any TV show, which characters do you believe have psychological disorders and why?
I am suffering from general anxiety disorder. I am always worried that something terrible is going to happen to me. How can I cure that?
Can I study well if I am suffering from chickenpox?
Is there a thing as being too ugly to make friends?
How does it feel when you get out of depression?
Why do people have a cheap mentality?
How did you discover that your crazy partner may have borderline personality disorder?
Is it possible or even achievable to have a functional long lasting relationship with a border line personality disorder inflicted man?
Who is coping with a mental disorder? How old are you? What is it and how do you cope?
Do people in prodromal phase of Schizophrenia know that they are getting sick?
If there were no alcohol or drugs would there be more or less depression?
Is having to always be with someone, a sign of BPD?
At what age do most humans begin losing their mental faculties?
Is discarding and destroying what should be treasured possessions a warning sign of impending suicide attempt?
What are some key differences between different severities of ADHD? Mild-moderate-severe?
Do all psychopathic traits have to apply to you to make you a psychopath?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Is it weird that I want my future boyfriend to be a psychopath?
Is it dangerous to live with a socio/psychopath?
I've been depressed for 3 years now. I'm considering suicide. What should I do?
How would a person with Aspergers react to a sociopath stare?
I feel like I'm becoming less intelligent over time. Is this a form of mental illness?
What does it mean to live with a mental illness?
What are examples of some common mental illnesses?
Are mental disorders more than just behavior habits?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Is necrophilia a mental disorder?
What are some simple tricks deal with anxiety?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
What effect may a FTM transition have on my friend's anxiety, depression, and gender dysphoria?
How do I deal with a relationship when the other person has no compassion for me and my depression?
What would happen if I stopped taking all my bipolar medicines?
Is social anxiety a real mental illness that needs to be professionally treated or is it simply caused by a lack of social skills or self confidence?
Does masturbation hampers our mental power?
Do we have an online bipolar help?
What do I do if my mom and therapist wants to put me in a psych ward for a suicide attempt? How do I convince them not to?
Will somebody please shout out 3 awesome things about anyone you know with BPD? Can't we be good parents & friends, too? Can our loyalty be duly noted?
Who would benefit from talking to a psychologist? Everyone or only the mentally ill?
What are the implications of psychotherapy?
What is the similarities between God and psychopath/sociopath/narcissistic?
How do people know about and get the latest and greatest legal pharmaceuticals and supplements for mental and physical health?
How long does it take to recover from years on psychiatric drugs?
Is there a way to do math mentally for those who are handicapped that they cannot write?
Why do people with BPD often feel the need to overshare?
How are the different types of mental disorders treated?
Learning how to program is making me depressed, why?
I turned 30 2 months ago and I'm still depressed about getting old. What should I do?
How can I get out of depression when it feels like nothing matters anymore and that no one actually cares?
What are meditation techniques used to overcome anxiety?
Can a narcissist use doing good to others to get his supply?
I suffer from depression. Should I just give up?
Did the person who killed John Lennon have any mental illness?
Might a person with BPD fake hallucinations and psychosis to get what they want (love, attention, or forgiveness)?
Why do I get so anxious when someone laughs at me?
Should I feel depressed about graduating?
Does a sociopath or psychopath's face truly morph when they transfer into one of their other personalities?
Is anxiety all in the mind?
Why doesn't the psychology community recognize psychopathy as different to ASDP?
What are the chances of me getting bipolar disorder since my birth mom has it, and is there a way I can make my chances lower?
How does a psychiatrist choose between diagnosing a patient with NPD versus a diagnosis as a sociopath?
What is the treatment for mild paranoid schizophrenia?
Has anyone moved because you found yourself clashing with the culture of your city, and it made you feel depressed?
How do I induce depression in a person?
What does one have to do to be in a mental hospital? Can one voluntarily go? If not, what can one do to be forced into one?
For someone who is 19 years of age and suffers from Bruxism, is it still possible to repair the damage using natural methods?
How is mental repression explained in psychology?
Under what circumstances and to whom do people with intermittent explosive disorder act with fury?
Is there any good reason to stop using Ecstasy/MDMA?
Is it possible to have the opposite of postpartum depression? (i.e. the period after birth is the only time you feel "normal"?)
What are examples of environmental factors in mental health?
Does anyone find it ironic that Congresswoman Waters continues to say that a lot of conservatives have real mental problems?
Is there any rehabilitation center in Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
How can I cope with day and night bruxism due to anxiety and stress until I can see a doctor about it?
Why mental health matters to global health?
Can a child be a psychopath?
How would you deal with living with a depressed, suffering flat mate who does not engage in social norms?
How do I change my sister's mentality?
Are psychopaths more likely or less likely to abuse drugs/alcohol?
Can a person be psychopath if he thinks of harassing someone for no reason and cries a lot?
What are the best therapy protocol to treat anxiety?
Is 'compulsive lying' a medical disorder?
Do the police in America (the NYPD, for example) accept candidates with mental health issues?
Can overthinking past mistakes turn you into a depressed person?
Can a person who is bipolar ever see the real truth?
How does it feels like to suffer from "aunty shaming" in India?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
Will a sociopath act on threats if you provoke them?
Are weird thoughts caused by anxiety and depression?
How can I control distractions which I encounter during depression or overloaded happiness?
Do you know a story of a mentally weak/naive person who became strong?
How popular is psychotherapy in Japan?
Isn’t it inevitable that people will scream or shout out at others, to reduce their mental stress?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
What are the physical and mental consequences for abusing painkillers?
Is there another difference between bipolar type 1 and type 2 besides the severity of the two disorders?
Which is crazier, those giving guns to mentally unstable people or mentally unstable people with guns?
Do only depressed people think of committing suicide?
Are people with NPD and/or BPD capable of sentimentality? Is it common for them to reminisce?
How do people who suffer from borderline personality disorder and narcissism at the same time differ from people who suffer from borderline only?
Am I responsible for my depression?
What is mental decompensation, and how do you deal with it?
Am I a psychopath if I have the actual urge to kill someone?
Did Kierkegaard have obsessive compulsive disorder?
Is it possible to have PTSD from something that was not sexual abuse or a physical threat?
Can a person that has bipolar illness and borderline personality disorder ever have a successful relationship?
What are the usual causes to mental health problems that professional footballers have?
Why does clinical depression happen?
What do you do when someone you love has a secret eating disorder, how do you confront them?
How can I recover from anhedonia after discontinuing antipsychotics?
When adversities mentally pressure us, what mental processes get affected? For example, 'thinking' and 'understanding' are not that easy for me when under mental pressure.
What are some good books about ASPD?
I feel like hypomanic when only listening to music. Does this mean I'm bipolar and/or manic?
Why are so many human beings mentally ill?
I read about Junko Furuta and now I am depressed, do you have any advice?
What are the risks of having anxiety and numbness in my face?
Are people with mental disorders more attracted to other people who also have a mental disorder?
Is Neurofeedback (to treat anxiety) safe?
Since learning about people with PD/NPD, why am I still having a hard time understanding that everything I thought I knew about my ex was a lie?
Why are people so afraid of anti-depressant/anxiety medications? Are the side effects that severe? Can they change you? Are they permanent?
Has anyone been at the brink of sanity? How did you find your way out?
Now that we know what Trump will do as President of the United States, at what point will enough be enough? He is a cheat, liar and mentally unstable!
Do psychopaths let people walk over them because they don't care enough to do anything about it?
When dealing with suicidal thoughts or depression, did any online suicide prevention/support services help you? If so, which ones?
Why does my natural anxiety get in the way of my acting career?
Do I have Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
Would some jobs be forbidden for me if I would go to a therapist who might diagnose ASPD on me?
If your mental illness is affecting your ability to communicate with people, should you get help?
How can I deal with stress, depression and boredom?
I've been having some anxiety issues since last year though I don't think I need to consult a doctor for this. How can I get over this?
3 years ago, I ended an abusive relationship. At times, I still have PTSD symptoms. Is it normal, and will it ever go away on its own?
Why would someone smoke to commit suicide?
What should I do when I am depressed?
How do I forget my depression?
I suspect my girlfriend has BPD. I accidentally mentioned that I wanted a break up, but we didn't. She's ignoring me, now. What should I do?
How does a person stop being a compulsive liar?
Is there a nice psychopath?
How can you attain peace when you are mentally suffering from something?
How can I work while being depressed?
How can I convince my parents I am not depressed or self harming?
Is high functioning depression real? Where can I get professional information online?
Is there any truth to the statement that Psychopaths are incapable of love?
How often is someone misdiagnosed with bipolar II instead of severe depression with anxiety? (This is what I think has happened to me.)
What is your opinion on slurs like feminazi & autism being used harmfully & the future consequences of that use?
How do I deal with anxiety without running from it?
How do you cope with depression and NPD?
Why does my therapist not understand that I don't want to treat my ASPD?
How do I less emotional and mentally strong in odd time?
What is bipolar? How does it feel? Because I’m not sure if I suffer from it.
What is your advice on the balance between knowledge and experience?
Are sociopaths typically hotheaded?
How do I cope up with the stress from JEE prepartion?
What should I do to stop being suicidal and depressed all the time?
How do I cope with loneliness, homesickness, depression when studying abroad?
How come my mother displayed narcissistic behavior to my husband and not to other people?
I just lost my job, my mom is dead, I've been going through mental problems. What should I do?
Is a neutrotypical with psychopatic traits called a sociopath?
Is there any difference between psychopathy and attachment disorders?
Do people with bipolar disorder during grandiose state behave like they know it all just like narcissists?
How can I recover from the depression of failure in my educational career upon graduation?
Does Ayahuasca cure anxiety?
Is it true that people suffering from personality disorders like psychopathy and narcissism have a high tolerance for physical pain?
Have you ever tried to commit suicide, and why?
What is the significance of the exposure therapy when treating phobias?
Is it possible for me to overcome severe depression caused by ragging?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
What are some ways to relieve depression?
Have you recovered from OCD in India? I have been suffering for 4 years. Which is the best place to get it treated?
What can I do to reduce paranoia while taking cocaine?
What is the quickest way to commit suicide?
How and why does hereditary depression occur?
What is teen depression and its possible causes?
I am 100% sure that I have ASPD, I want to go to a therapist but I don't want my mother to know, what should I do?
What are the best method of all around rapid mental calculations?
Has anyone actually overcome depression and suicidal feelings?
Is there really something like depression?
What should I do as a person who has depression and experiences heartbreak?
How do I help my husband who is suffering from depression?
Why does nicotine cause anxiety?
What are effective ways to cope with stress and negative situations?
Should we really care if people get "triggered" by media or content?
Is craniosacral therapy real?
Is tardive dyskinesia reversible?
Sometimes I have delusional/psychotic thoughts that only last for a few minutes. What is wrong with me?
What causes a person to become a workaholic?
What are the different types of mental disorders?
How do I get away from depression? I just came out of a depression but now once again it has hit me.
Why is talking to self considered insane?
What is Trump's mental health?
What is victim mentality and how can one get over it?
What are alternatives to lorazepam to treat an anxiety disorder?
Do introverts mostly suffer from IBS and other stomach disorders?
How would someone self harm in the summer?
Why am I so addicted to procrastination?
How did James Fallon control his psychopathy?
Can depression (or other mental illnesses) cause your body to function differently (e.g., how tall you grow, your metabolism, how your cells work)?
Is it possible to recover from a 12-year experience of being heavy bullied at school from a large number of people (including some teachers)?
Is depression a genetic disease, or is it affected or triggered by environment?
Do people with personality disorders often use words like "always" or "never"?
How do I tell others that I have depression without feeling guilty?
Is it normal for anxiety sufferers to doubt their feelings for their partners in new relationships? I'm a long-time anxiety sufferer.
What's the quickest and least painful way to commit suicide?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
Everyone tells me my anxiety is fake, and makes me feel bad about it. It's breaking me. What should I do?
I am seeing a therapist for depression. Are anti-depressants necessary? Is there such thing as a "mild" anti-depressant?
Do some people on Quora write false things about psychopathy or ASPD in general?
Why is psychological health often ignored?
How do psychopaths feel about justice?
How do I face reality and quit imagining fantasy and impossible scenarios?
What are the risks of exaggerating bisexuality in oneself as a form of exposure therapy?
What on earth can cause a person to commit suicide?
Does floatation therapy work?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
How can I deal with horrifying events only I will suffer from?
How can someone with PTSD relive an event through a flashback when they wouldn't know what the event was?
What are some interesting facts about psychopathy in relation to IQ?
Will a borderline person also diagnosed with fibromyalgia ever be happy in life?
Why is mental illness criminalized?
Is there anywhere I can upload my professional and personal profile and seek feedback for entering entrepreneurship?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
Why am I not able to concentrate on anything? Is it a sign of having psychological issues?
How long does paranoia last in a bipolar disorder?
How does a person's genetic health affect their mental and emotional health?
Are procrastination and fickle-mindedness mental conditions?
What is it like to have depression and anxiety (by the definition in the psychology field)?
Can depression make someone a criminal?
Does exercise really make depression go away?
If a therapist can't work with someone that they're attracted to, does that mean my therapist isn't attracted to me?
Are there any treatment centres that specialise in addiction and borderline personality disorder comorbidity?
Do I need therapy? I used to see a therapist but I hated seeing her. Do I need to see her again for therapy?
How many psychiatric survivors are there in the USA?
How do I recover from big hetination?
When are you tempted to stop taking your psychiatric medications in order to feel more brilliant?
In substance abuse disorders, what is the illness and what is treated? Why do the majority relapse?
Why are teenagers more susceptible to depression than adults?
Can a sociopath love and be co-dependent?
What do people who are unable to work (due to illness) do to fill their days?
Is there any real hope that a female sociopath can change if they admit their ways and are sorrowful?
The DSM. What good or bad has it done for mental health progress?
I have uneasy feeling in area above umbilicus, nausea and frequent defecation along with fear. Does it mean I have anxiety?
What are the ways to improve my father's mental health and will after survive heart attack?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
Can someone with a personality disorder be insane too or become insane?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
Can purely psychological factors cause schizophrenic symptoms?
Is it common in unipolar depression for the person to feel better during the evenings and nights and worse in the mornings and most of the day?
I'm only fourteen, and I think I'm depressed. What do I do?
Can a person fake himself as a schizophrenia patient?
Why do INFJ personalities have depression and other mental health issues?
Would a covert narcissist ever give up finding supply because he feels he ruins people's lives?
Is it worth visiting a Jero Mangku healer on Bali and how does it work?
How can I meet someone with a dissociative identity disorder?
Are there people who have successfully come out of depression (or are in process of doing so)?
Can you get a panic attack over a relationship?
What do I do if I can no longer parent my 16 year old?
What is myeloproliferative disorder?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I am bipolar?
Should I go to a therapist?
I sometimes have intrusive thoughts, how can I know if it is OCD or being scared?
Is there any good reason to stop taking ecstasy/MDMA?
I was told that having "fur-babies" or pets as replacement for having children should be considered a mental disorder. What is your opinion on this?
How do I handle depression and suicidal thoughts during pregnancy as a single mother?
How can I be more comforting to my bipolar friend? The friend has untreated bipolar disorder.
How should I tackle terrible social anxiety in university?
Is mental illness an actual physical illness, or is it merely abstract?
Will a full psychological test reveal a very suave covert narcissist's condition?
How would you describe an obsessive-compulsive personality disorder from a psychoanalytic perspective?
Can people have to much stress to lead to a breaking point?
What percent of people who struggle with anxiety/depression as adults came from an abusive childhood, and why do you think that is?
What is the relationship between being a talented artist and depression?
I have bipolar II disorder. Does anyone have any coping advice? I do see a therapist regularly but I'm afraid of meds & therapy can be uncomfortable.
Can people with NPD be cured or is there a treatment?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
How do I stop kids at my school from making fun of my depression (they tend to mock it)?
What can help to motivate someone with anxiety?
What is a possible way out of a mental prison regardless of the issue?
Is this depression or anxiety I always feel restless and feel like crying?
Can not eating be a symptom of mania/hypomania?
How do you deal with a partner who thinks your mental illness is something you do on purpose?
Is it possible to be a psychopath and have schizoaffective disorder?
What is anger disorder? How can I help my brother in it?
Can you get out of a MAPPA level 2 after discharge from a mental health hospital in England?
Are people with borderline disorder delusional, or do they often misinterpret what is being said and what is actually meant by that?
Did Teddy Roosevelt suffer/prosper from any mental illnesses?
How do girls overcome a hard breakup from mental stress?
Shouldn't the addiction that many people have to their cell phones be considered a mental illness?
Are depression and other mental illnesses congenital?
What should I do if I’m suffering from depression and my younger sister is aware of this fact but still she doesn't understand me or even respect me?
Do psychopaths think there is any inherent value in humanity?
Are psychopaths less likely to be racist?
If psychological illnesses are fake, would this be a plausible alternative?
If a child was raised by parent(s) with a personality disorder, would the child mimic the behaviour of that disorder without having it themselves?
What is the savest and "easiest" way to commit suicide?
Can something else besides abuse cause BPD?
What kind of therapy would you suggest when recovering from the trauma of a BPD/NPD relationship?
What is the scope for speech therapy?
Should a child born with a deformity (either mental or physical, or both) have the right to live in an already overpopulated world?
Can weed trigger anxiety problems that would last for months?
What does abandonment feel like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder, psychologically and physically?
How are psychopaths affected by art?
How do I stay emotionally sane while I dig myself out of debt?
Should I see a therapist for occasional depression/grief and insecurity in relationships?
Can I live a good, meaningful life without meditating?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths usually become killers?
Would you break up with someone living with depression and social anxiety?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
How do I tell my parents that they need to see a marriage counselor or some other form of therapist/psychologist?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
Has burnout been classified as a medical condition or a mental illness? If not why not?
How do I stop letting anxiety and stress ruin my life?
Which specialist deals with the health/diseases of women?
I’m drowning from social anxiety. What should I do?
How can I live when I am depressed and bored of this life?
Why would a college student commit suicide?
How can panic be differentiated from depression?
How do you lull a psychopath to sleep?
How can I deal with a muscular thug who doesn't study in our university and comes here to sleep in empty classrooms and has mental disorders?
How long does an average bipolar episode last?
What's the difference between bipolar and borderline, and how common is that misdiagnoses?
How do I convince my parents that my depression and anxiety aren’t a choice and that I need therapy before they get worse?
What are some common traits that people confuse between psychopaths and sociopaths?
What could help someone get into graduate school as a research psychologist and mental health therapist?
Is suicide the answer to severe anxiety?
What is going on inside a stalker's head?
Why is it that some people constantly feel depressed?
Why do I get depressed before going out?
If someone killed a person in a psychopath’s inner circle, would the psychopath kill them, if given the chance? Or would he simply let the authorities handle it?
Do psychopaths ever feel smug? If so, when?
Whom do we call mentally retarded?
What causes bipolar?
Does seal clubbing increase your mental health?
Have PTSD sufferers ever called the police thinking they were in danger when there was none? Are there legal consequences?
If one hears sounds that aren't real and sees imaginary people, is he mentally ill or is he experiencing some supernatural powers?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
What is your bluntest opinion about a high-functioning, self-aware, non-diagnosed psychopath?
How do I get therapy without my parents finding out in India?
Do girls get anxiety about pregnancy during unprotected sex?
What are the biggest challenges you face as a sales manager?
What keeps suicidal people going?
How do I get a depressed person go to drug rehabilitation?
What should I do about my depression symptoms? Should I seek medical help?
How can you treat/cure a specific case of depression?
If one has dissociative identity disorder, how can she stop switching her personality?
Am I actually depressed? How should I seek help?
What is Harsha Bhogle's opinion on maintaining physical and mental health in a youngster's life?
What is the worst social media for young people's mental well being?
What if I diagnosed my partner as a narcissit wrongly?
Can you use methylphenidate (methylin) to cope with OCD?
How do you prevent mental decompensation?
Do gadgets help in overcoming depression? If so what apps/games you suggest?
Is it normal to have severe anxiety about how your life has changed postpartum?
Will the Indian orthodox mentality fade eventually, after the society gets dominated by educated mass?
How do I get rid of the sensation of my head spinning? It’s been happening for 1 week because of anxiety.
How can I completely stop overthinking?
Why do we get distracted and become depressed while studying?
I’ve been depressed for years and my parents are not taking me seriously. What should I do?
Can all personal issues be broken into smaller manageable components like a mind map? If so, can these components be common across people?
How do I know whether my forgetfulness, restlessness and inability to pay attention is due to depression or ADHD?
How can I be a successful psychologist?
Can you mentally change the structure of your body?
Do we all use similar mental pictures when we reason about mathemetical structure? How do our mental models differ?
How do I write an appeal letter to get into the Army Reserves when failing on the medical for recurrent depression (very mild)?
How far are we from finding a cure for the mental disorder known as atheism?
How do I "break up" with my psychologist or therapist if I think it's not a good fit?
How is stress related to mental illness?
Self pity seems a self defeating behavior. How can someone be encouraged to break free of it? Thinking mainly of people with personality disorders.
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
From which hospital in Mumbai I will get mentally disturb person's certificate?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
What do you think about Waldo Bernasconi and Neo-Reichian analytic psychotherapy, the therapy of five motions? Is it scientific?
Can an autistic person become a therapist?
What makes depression so scary?
Is there any psychiatric condition in which the patient tends to help others?
How common is it for contrarians to have emotional issues/depression growing up?
Where can I find a good psychologist in Jaipur for eating disorders?
What are some celebrities with multiple personality disorder?
I am getting very depressed about the events happening in my life. What are some ways to get out from depression?
Do terrorists ever get PTSD?
How can a severely mentally ill individual convince themselves that their life is worth living?
What do you call the rare mental disorder where you are extremely impressionable and can develop something from researching/thinking too much?
What happens if you leave a lingual hemangioma untreated?
How does the onset of bipolar disorder occur?
How true is this about Doraemon that a real Nobita suffering from schizophrenia and he committed a suicide?
How can I get over reading about OCD?
What's the story behind Spoony's mental health issues?
What are the best things to do to keep your brain sharp?
Is someone with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to be abusive?
What is the difference between having "schizoid personality disorder" and being "emotionally detached"?
How are the people who work with those who are mentally disabled affected?
If someone you know might commit suicide but they said not to tell anyone, what do you do?
Is it right to commit suicide for being short?
How do I become a better person for others and for my own mental health?
How can I move from a mental health job to a corporate job?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
How do you deal with anxiety and its effects?
My parents abused me to the point of wanting to commit suicide and murder. Now that I have money should I share my wealth?
Depression and anxiety has driven me to become extremely shy and dumb as well as the development of hyperhidrosis. What should I do?
How effective is SAM-e for treating anxiety?
I’m a teenager with separation anxiety. What should I do?
Could depression be rooted in lack of gratitude?
Do I have bipolar disorder or some underlying psychiatric issue?
What are some jobs for mental health counselors that are not in health care?
If psychopaths have no emotions, how do they feel when they achieve what they want?
Can spirituality cause derealization?
When does someone start getting anxiety problems? I'm writing a story where the main character is keeping something huge from everyone for 2 months.
Has grading in education affected your mental health?
Do people with bipolar disorder dislike those who can't identify other people?
How is meditation viewed in religion?
What can a counselor say or do when a person tells them they wanna commit suicide?
How can a person suffering from bipolar 2 take decisions and control his life?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Why do psychopaths go to therapy?
What are the things which can give you mental peace?
I feel lost about who I am. Is my anxiety and depression making me doubt myself?
Is there a difference between depression and major depressive disorder or MDD?
Someone close to me was injured in the Iraq War, and years later suffers from depression and PTSD. I struggle to know what to say to him about it. What can I do?
Are all drug induced psychotic episodes due to mental illness?
How does Vicodin affect depression?
I used to hear things that weren't really there every night until I moved to a different house. I don't hear them any more. What is this?
How common is abuse in mental institutions?
Can a psychopath feel irritability or something when they don’t get enough sleep?
What happens if an airline asks "is there a doctor aboard" and a mentally ill fraud gets up to "help" a heart attack victim, who is responsible?
Are Alzheimer’s, Parkinson's, and Cataracts preceded by serious mental confusion?
Are narcissists patient when targeting their victims?
Is it possible to mentally prepare yourself for death?
Is memory loss common for people who have bipolar disorder in the manic phase?
Can OCD be treated with medication?
Is it rational to make yourself believe something for your own mental health? Would it be moral?
What is a psychopath in simple terms?
What is the way to come out of depression? Is using drugs or alcohol the right way to come out?
What is the experience of people having undergone hypnotism for depression?
Should psychopaths who have committed violent crimes be held accountable for them?
Why do I want to have a mental/personality disorder?
Is nail biting a sign of psychological disorder like narcissism or psychopathy?
How does a sleep-related eating disorder manifest?
Why do I get depressed when I get anxious about something? My fiancé will be on a different shift soon, right now I'm upset, but nothing has happened.
I've been having a serious 7 week depression phase, I've told my psych that I'm suicidal & cutting, but they dont take it seriously. What do I do?
How can I treat anxiety and numbness in my face?
Why is my social anxiety worse when I'm around my family? I go out of my way to avoid them because they make me feel nervous and I hide from them.
Why do I get sudden rushes of adrenaline?
Did fMRI & other similar technologies destigmatize psychiatric disorders since we can view them as medical conditions & not the fault of the patient?
Who volunteers in a support group for people with depression?
How does BPD work for socializing, and how can you be in love with someone with BPD?
Is it a sign of depression to become critical if I'm on a completely different medication than I thought I was? I had to look it up to verify it.
What are some of the best research papers into the effects of cannabis use on the mental health of adolescents?
Is it normal to constantly and uncontrollably have a crush? Could it be a disorder?
Do psychopaths ever cry as a baby/child?
As a child, do you remember if you were a psychopath? Or did you act normally and only realize you were different years later?
What are some good jobs that people with bipolar disorder can do?
My mom wants me committed to a psych ward for attempting suicide. How do I convince her not to put me in a psych ward?
How can you overcome and/or thrive while having Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
My brother is going away for college and I can't help but to feel very depressed. How do I deal with this change?
Can you cure misophonia?
My unemployed dad (former-alcoholic) tries to commit suicide and my mom has anxiety disorder. What can I do in this torturing family?
My dog died last night and now I’m depressed, what can I do?
Where can I find a therapist in NYC to help me deal with several psycho-sexual and dating hangups that I have?
Why am I stressed when there's nothing to be stressed about?
How will be the life with a psychopath?
What’s the threshold from having high psychopathic traits, to being "labelled" a psychopath? Is there a gauge?
What are some ways to relax your mind out of all of your anxiety and stress?
How can CIWA scale be used to rule out psychotic disorder?
Would psychopaths care on some level if their partner died? If so, why?
How can I be sure I am seeing the right therapist?
Why do many students suffer from mathematics phobia?
What are better treatments for anxiety that should be taken?
If we start with a perfect soul, then what is a rational explanation for mental illness?
Should I take antidepressants forever?
Is it possible to "turn" into a sociopath later in life if you've been through traumatic experiences, have traits, but still feel empathy?
For people who have suffered suicidal thoughts and overcame it, how did you know and when did you know that war ended at last?
What links clinical depression with losing the will to live?
Can I be a police officer if I have mental disorders?
How is a separation anxiety disorder diagnosed?
How do I deal with my depressed partner?
What is a way of getting more and more depressed?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
What foods can help with managing bipolar disorder?
Can you have BPD without having any abandonment issues and enjoying being alone?
Does a person suffering from NPD know that they have NPD?
Is it possible that my OCD is causing me to obsess about people from my past?
Is hypnotherapy an effective method of dealing with dissociative disorder?
Can you get into the military if you have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder?
Are impressed and depressed related in anyway?
Why doesn't anything, including therapy and meds, help with my borderline personality disorder and bipolar 1?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
How do I get over my fear of burglars?
Is mental ability also a part of BITSAT?
Is 13 Reasons Why harmful or helpful to people suffering from depression?
Aren't the people who aid & abet severely obese, bedridden family members mentally ill?
Why does marijuana cause anxiety?
What stops a narcissist carrying out a smear campaign?
How can we eliminate the mental illness stigma?
If you’re philosophically inclined, how do you "shut it off"?
Which zodiac signs are likely to be psychopaths and sociopaths?
What medications cause hallucinations?
What are your quick personal strategies when you feel depressed in the middle of the vicious cycle of negative thoughts?
How do I support my depressed dad?
How have you managed the mental trauma of being put under Performance Improvement Programme in office?
What is some advice about helping my PTSD diagnosed husband?
I’m 21 and got a new job in road construction for a change in my life/atmosphere and money. Will my mental health be negatively impacted by the long hours with less sleep?
I’m depressed because I feel like my life has no meaning. What should I do?
I’m 15. I have anxiety and depression. My parents think I'm a happy kid who does not get sad ever. I have almost no friends. What do I do?
What is God for people with mental disorders and how do they see Him?
How do guys feel about dating girls with mental illnesses?
Do people with BPD realize when they are emotionally manipulating their partner?
What types of neighborhoods should I avoid in Atlanta?
Have any of you ever dealt with extreme OCD with delusions, and do the delusions ever go away?
How do I deal with my 26 year old brother that is immature but also suffers from intense depression?
What are the physical ways to reduce tension and anxiety before and during the exam days?
What do you think Lennie's (from Mice & Men) mental illness is?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
Why did humans develop mentally more than physically?
How can a person overcome his depression, when in every direction, he or she is getting failure?
How do I make myself mentally stronger?
For psychotherapists with many decades of experience, what has changed and stayed the same in what clients have brought to therapy over the decades?
What books have helped you better understand or overcome self-harm?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
How do I deal with being diagnosed with schizophreniform disorder?
Why do I get so anxious every time my parents try to set me up?
Can you become a nurse if you have a history of an eating disorder?
How do you, as a bipolar diagnosed, feel that the "disorder" is affecting relationships?
I want do be put in psychiatric hold so someone will finally see I have a problem with depression and maybe bipolar 2. Should I do it? If so how?
What happens to the body when one has depression?
What do I do when I'm depressed so that I don't hurt myself?
Why do I hear voices in my head just when I'm about to sleep?
How can you describe the different types of psychological disorders?
What does introspection mean to a psychopath?
How can I best avoid depression?
Is it possible to get PTSD from a dream?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
Do you know any interesting case of faking a disorder?
I’m 24 and really want to die because of manic depression and social and normal anxiety. What should I do?
I think my anxiety is causing depression. I do not know what to do. My parents think depression is a way of getting attention. What should I do?
Does smoking cannabis cause psychosis in bipolar 2 disorder?
What is the most terrifying mental illness one could experience that they are still aware of, that isn't acute schizophrenia?
Why is mental illness used as an excuse by some abusers?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both social anxiety and bipolar disorder?
All of a sudden I've started feeling depressed. What should I do?
Can a child see who is suffering from blindness due to a lack of cerebrospinal fluid?
Could a high-functioning schizoid live as a pseudo-psychopath (logical control over his actions, low or no emotions and empathy)? What would the differences be?
Am I bipolar? Sometimes, out of nowhere certain things trigger severe depression and wouldn't go away the whole day.
Are these symptoms a sign of a mental disorder?
What are treatments for non-pulsating headaches that are primarily characterized by soreness?
If people are so worried about me committing suicide, why aren't they doing anything?
Is it possible that part of my subconscious is depressed, while the rest of me is mentally healthy?
What is your experience with learning how to write with your non-dominant hand and how has it affected your life?
How do you make a relationship work long term with a psychopath/sociopath?
I've been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder, what are some food diets that can help me overcome my illness?
How would a sociopath with comorbid BPD look like?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
How can I be supportive for someone with a bipolar disorder?
Are murderers with mental illnesses simply discharged?
Lithium for bipolar keeps manias under control. Does it also prevent the spiral down into suicidal depression?
If you have Bipolar Disorder and your thyroid is off, could that trigger a manic episode?
My therapist asked me to get my own bedroom, personalize it, and take a photo of it and bring it to him. Is this professional behavior?
Why are depressed people shunned?
I’m 15 and have severe trust issues. Should I talk to a teacher (who has recently been asking if something’s wrong) about my mom being mentally abusive towards me?
What do investors do when they find out the person has a history of depression?
Why is mental health such an ignored topic in Indian society?
How can I avoid lashing out when manic or depressed without cutting myself off from everyone?
Do you believe that estrogen therapy reduces physical strength in transwomen?
If, starting at 12 years, a child is told throughout their adolescence that they have depression, will they eventually have clinical depression?
How would a narcissist survive in solitary confinement?
When might a psychiatrist prescribe you marijuana? I live in Maryland, and I might have IBS and anxiety.
Are psychopaths purely instinctive the way animals are?
What drugs can make someone mentally ill?
Can psychopaths comprehend the experience of emotion?
Does everyone feel depressed at some point in their lives and does it ever go away?
How can I help someone feeling worthless and depressed?
How do you discuss violent crimes that you haven't been charged for with a mental health professional without them breaking confidentiality?
Are spiritual people more prone to depression?
I’m extremely sad. How can I overcome it?
In what ways do mothers with borderline personality disorder affect their children?
Is recurring depression the same as bipolar disorder? I'm exhausted from my emotional splitting. What is recurring depression with BPD?
How can you help someone else with their PTSD flashback?
How can I keep nicotine from causing me anxiety?
My teen daughter is having suicidal thoughts, how can I best love her through this?
Can second hand weed smoke cause panic and anxiety attacks?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
What do I do about all of my anxiety?
Should chronically-depressed patients be allowed to have access to a medically-assisted death?
If you have depression, would you want to date someone with depression?
Is there a specific test I can take to see if I have BPD?
Do other sociopaths also suffer from getting bored to fast from certain songs, they actually admire?
Can you turn yourself into a sociopath, or at least, a cold blooded, heartless person?
What do psychopaths think of sex?
What would a psychopath do if someone is turning people against them using the Internet?
What is the transition into schizophrenia like?
Have you had thoughts of suicide?
Why does Graves' disease cause anxiety?
Can a diagnosis with a mental illness predispose one to more confirmation bias in terms of the illness' traits?
When does a proposed disorder becomes an official disorder? And where do you check if it's really officially recognized in medicine?
What is a hallucination and does it really happen?
Does depression cause you to experience feelings of shame and other upsetting emotions without outside provocation?
Why can't I just look past my anxiety?
What would a person's psychological effects be if he was stuck in time permanently?
How can I stop this nightly depression that is crushing me?
What emotion is the most difficult for a psychopath to mimic?
Is it better to not share your depression or get diagnosed for depression?
Is it possible to suffer from PTSD after being let go from a job, without warning, after 20 years?
Can lack of control of something in life lead to depression?
Could stimulation from sex help someone with anxiety?
How should one cope with the constant "slippage" back to depression particularly when meds poop out?
What does Athena Walker think is the reason when neurotypicals or psychopaths become bad, abusive, and otherwise nasty people?
How can I overcome shaking anxiety when getting an eye exam, getting a hair cut, or taking pictures (by another person)?
How do I stay sane before I switch households?
When I read on Quora, it seems to me that everyone is so knowledgeable and I don't know anything, I feel depressed sometimes. What should I do?
How can I get medical help for my father with Alzheimer’s/dementia? What can we do to bring about his memory?
Is the contemplation of the meaninglessness of existence an effective cure for depression and embarrassment?
How does one sustain friends when suffering from a severe mental illness?
What not to say to a narcissist?
If someone is depressed, what are the chances someone else in their family is too?
Does the government offer medical licenses to aspirants who are diagnosed with psychiatric conditions?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
How can an average person mentally change mind to improve himself?
Can bipolar disorder be self diagnosed?
How do you clear up a psychiatric misdiagnosis?
Is there a part of my brain that, when I remove it, I won't feel depressed again?
Can methylphenidate cause permanent bipolar disorder?
What is the best way to commit suicide and not die?
Is it true that Nobita was real and suffering from schizophrenia and that he imagined Doraemon?
How did transgender people survive the mental anguish in centuries past when no medical intervention was available?
Why do people suffer from depression?
How do I stop panic/anxiety attacks that happen in school?
What is PISTA therapy?
I think my brother has social anxiety, how can I help him?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have different personality disorders in each of his personalities?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
Why do SSRIs work on obsessions?
What are some uncommon psychological disorders?
Is anyone in Pakistan living with severe social anxiety disorder?
What's the best way to ease the feeling of someone in anxiety or depression?
There is a sense of depression and you don't know the reason behind it. What do you do?
How do you treat an individual with Bipolar ADD and NPD?
What clinical evidence is there (if any) linking dehydration and depression?
What psychological thinking causes people to commit suicide?
So, how severe can ornithophobia become and what are the useful methods to overcome it?
What do you think of Onision's video "10+ Signs You're A Psychopath"?
After 42 years, is it normal to become so sick of my BPD and the damage I do that suicide is the only solution for relief?
Where can I find more information on a psychological therapy method called "rescue therapy"?
How do I motivate myself since I am depressed because of betrayal?
How can you beat depression without the help of others?
Scientifically, can a person suffer from boredom?
Do malignant narcissists hoover after discarding you?
Has Ronald Bartetzko suffered from PTSD after the wars he has fought? If so, how has he coped with it?
Can reactive depression turn or evolve into clinical depression?
Does adderal tolerance ever go away?
According to some studies, people with bipolar disorder have increased empathic concern. If so, do bipolar narcissists have more empathic abilities?
Other than cognitive behavioural therapy (ERP) and medication, is there any effective treatment for OCD?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
Do psychopaths have to wear a mask?
Do some people commit suicide after their partner dies, especially if there is a gap in the relationship of 10-20 years plus or they cannot be without them?
What exactly is "ego loss" and is it a side effect or precursor to a personality disorder, or something else entirely?
How come I have had major hallucinations from Zoloft after two days?
How can I cope with depression and stress, as I am fed up with my life's ups and downs?
Can marriage make you depressed even when you're not being abused?
How was the LGBT movement converted into a byproduct of genetics, and not a symptom of mental illness?
What role can technology play in helping people who suffer from depression?
Does the journey to enlightenment cause depression?
What happens when you get diagnosed with anti-social personality disorder/psychopathy? What tests are involved, time length, etc.?
If doctors were diagnosed with their specialty, how would they want to be treated physically, emotionally, and mentally?
What mental health illnesses or disorders can alcohol cause?
What are the side effects of being with a person who has bipolar disorder?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
What should I do to keep myself from having more depression break downs?
Every single test I took online says that I have severe depression. I don't want to take any meds due to the side effects. How do I explain this to my doctor?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
What is the best doTERRA oil for treating anxiety?
In any situation, do you think first or feel first? Which takes precedence?
Who gives the names to illnesses?
What do people say who come out from depression?
What recent innovations have been made in the way psychologists think about and treat depression?
Do these traits suggest antisocial personality disorder or another Cluster B disorder?
Can mental health professionals diagnose someone based on a body of emails?
What is your experience with treating depression using meds?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
Are all self-harmers mentally ill?
What should you do if someone is having a nervous breakdown?
Where can I find the solution to psychological problems?
How many of you have thought of committing suicide, and why? And what stopped you from going ahead?
How can I train my parasympathetic nervous system?
Are there any bipolar disorder sufferers who underwent psychoanalysis or psychodynamic therapy and, if so, what is your experience?
Why do some guys hate their looks and always live in depression?
Where do I draw the line between introspection and staying in my head?
What is a female with ASPD like?
How can I overcome my depression? I've been feeling lost for 3 years, and I can't find my way out.
Could a personal drill sergeant help you overcome some of the lethargic affects of depression?
If you commit suicide, where would you go?
Does staying in a mental hospital affect my reputation/record? How could that affect my future?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Have you been peed upon by somebody else?
I'm always anxious when taking notes. What should I do?
Does jealousy cause paranoia or does paranoia cause jealousy?
What do I do to identify what type of narcissistic disorder I have?
How do I help my boyfriend with his mental illnesses?
What should I do if the stupidity of my mother drives me insane?
How can those who have mental disorders understand spirituality?
I'm in a good place - how do I stop letting my depression take over?
Why do people pity those who self-harm, but not those who harm others?
Why are more and more people affected by stress, anxiety, and depression, compared to the past and previous generations?
How does it sound to have a professional guide to work you through any health problem you may have, or any health achievment you may want to reach?
Is there a link between bipolar and narcissistic disorder?
How do I learn to cope with my BPD?
Who thinks that Alexis Ren has an eating disorder?
Is there any new type of mental illness that has been discovered in the last 25 years?
I got multiple 94–100% scores on tests to help assess if someone is a psychopath or not. What should I do?
Are there any circumstances where I shouldn't tell my psychologist something?
How do I stop having expectations for my family?
Can getting raped and molested as a child cause bipolar disorder later in life?
What kind of personality do you have to have to stay with a narcissist?
If someone told a therapist that they had been spoken to by god, how would they be diagnosed?
Is perfectionism a mental disorder?
How do I get out of depression and be more motivated about life?
How can we help someone with postpartum depression?
Do female psychopaths exist?
Is it possible to have antisocial personality disorder and be successful?
My sister is the reason behind my depression and suicide attempts. What should I do?
What are the secret ingredients to building mental strength?
Is there any part of psychopathy that psychopaths would change? If they were reborn, would they choose to be a psychopath or neurotypical?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder ever feel remorse?
Is the TV show “13 Reasons Why” trying to justify suicide? If it is, did it succeed?
How do you know if you are scaring someone if you have a mental illness?
What do you do if someone threatens to commit suicide?
What can I do to cope with depression if I don't have access to a therapist?
Are more people depressed than ever or am I incorrectly perceiving the world that way due to myself being so depressed?
Are social anxiety and sociopathy related in any way?
What is the psychological reason for anxiety caused by unread text messages?
What happens in therapy for dissociative identity disorder?
Does Will Graham from NBC's Hannibal fit the criteria for BPD?
How can I tell if I suffer with BPD rather than just a preoccupied attachment style?
Are psychiatrists fully authorized to purchase psychoactive drugs?
Is it wrong to feel constant depression?
In BPD, who is the real person?
How should one deal with the stress and depression when he is failing and his colleagues are succeeding?
Do I have to accept the fact that I'm never going to overcome depression?
What will happen to me mentally and physically if I continue to suppress my negative emotions?
Did Hitler have a mental disorder or something?
Can someone with social anxiety become a psychologist?
Why do some people tend to attract people with personality disorders into their life?
What were you depressed about?
Is there a specific disability that causes people to develop headaches in crowds?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
I often feel depressed thinking about the future. Knowing that people I am close with will be gone (ex. deceased, moved, etc.). Is this normal?
What are some strategies to have better resistance to mental abuse?
Are there any good psychotherapists in Delhi?
What can a nurse do for psychiatric patients?
What is some advice for someone with BPD who is trying to recover?
How can I deal with a person who mentally harasses me and then becomes silent, and this routine continues?
Is there anyway to find out if I am mentally weak?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Was depression a major issue for you before you came out to your family?
What can I do when neither therapy nor medication have helped my depression?
Why do you feel the need to glorify your mental disorders as if it's something to boast and brag about?
Why don’t people want to hangout with socially anxious people like me?
Does Luvox treat depression?
What is your trauma?
Should we feel sorry for psychopaths?
What actions would get you instantly in a mental home?
What should I do to combat depression?
Can poverty be related to psychological disorder? (In any possible way)?
What is the best remedy for anxiety?
Can sodium nitroprusside be used safely in the routine treatment of schizophrenia?
Does criticism become less painful for someone with BPD when they make progress in their disorder?
Can a psychologist commit you to a psych ward or can only a psychiatrist commit you?
How do I deal with depression by myself? How can I not be a spoilsport for the outside world due to depression?
What is a sociopathic child like?
Why do intrusive thoughts cause anxiety?
Should I work on vulnerability, trust, anxiety and depression with an emotionally focused therapist or an IFS/EMDR therapist?
What's the best strategy to overcome bpd without a therapist?
Does being diagnosed with a mental disorder as a teenager affect the chance of becoming an astronaut?
What is the best way to relax mentally in preparation for an exam?
Believers in which religion are least likely to commit suicide?
Can someone with DID (dissociative identity disorder) kill one of his/her alters?
How do you know if you're in a psychopath's inner circle?
I know very short moments of perceived out-of-body-experiences. Does that mean I have a clinical form of dissociative disorder?
Is eating only once a day a sign of an eating disorder?
Why are narcissists untrustworthy?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorders murder?
How can I help my partner understand my depression and anxiety?
Is this PTSD or self obsession? I am a survivor of CSA and can't stop the events and details of the abuse from playing in my head.
How long should it take (roughly) for your therapist to give you a diagnosis?
Does prenatal depression affect the baby?
How do I overcome my glossophobia (speech anxiety)?
Why do you get depression despite coming from an affluent family and having all the luxuries, the love and affection of everyone, and a good income?
Is it fair to ask suicidal people to carry on living?
What disorder (mental) would make a person show no facial expressions?
Why do I keep having thoughts of suicide although I am perfectly right in the head (no depression, bipolar disorder, etc)?
Have you visited a psychiatric ward/hospital? If yes, how does it change your perception of people who has mental/personality disorder?
If a depressed person has addictions, can he go to rehab?
Are antidepressants like Zoloft better at treating OCD than they are at treating depression?
Are there any mental diagnoses that require the victim to be held in an establishment?
Is it possible to engage in eating disorder behaviors with without actually having one?
Is there a mindset I can adopt or a way that can help me to maintain my relationship with my sister who has BPD?
What are some good books on schizoid disorder?
Why do so many people think sadism and psychopathy are the same?
How can I convince my mom to get help for her mental illness?
Does psychotherapy really help overcoming depression?
How do I stop being so anxious and self concious?
Is there a difference or a benefit to working with a psychologist, as opposed to working with an LCSW, LMFT, LPC, etc., for talk therapy?
Does artificial intelligence affect our mental growth in a negative way?
Are there better medications for OCD on the horizon?
How do I get these mental illness questions off my feed?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
Why would one be so active, enthusiastic, overthink constantly, and be unable to sleep for more than 5 hours?
Do psychopaths ever experience uncontrollable laughter?
Would a narcissist commit suicide?
I have a feeling that people are criticizing me in their heads. Is it paranoia or social anxiety?
Can I go to new psychiatrist if I've just filled a prescription, but am not happy with my old doctor's diagnosis?
What are the various treatments for anxiety disorder?
What forms of self-harm are there?
How does alziemer disorder happen?
What's teen life like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder?
How do I overcome depression as a teenager?
How can you cope with the thought that you will be the same person forever?
Is there any psychotherapist online for counselling? Who is the best?
How is sex like with a bipolar person?
Have you ever had a problem that just refused to go away?
How do I reduce anxiety in exams?
How can I find and enroll in a medically controlled psilocybin therapy for terminal illness?
Has depression changed your original personality?
Is creativity more common among bipolar 1 disorder or bipolar 2 disorder?
Are you really co-dependent or did you end up in a co-dependent relationship with a borderline without realizing it?
Can someone be asocial, shy and introverted and not have schizoid personality disorder?
How are female psychopaths/sociopaths on their period?
Why are so many complex ptsd sufferers uncomfortable with close freindships?
I feel very depressed and useless. How do I prevent suicide?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
Is thinking of committing suicide normal? How bad is it, and how does one overcome it and stop it?
What do psychopaths think about suicide?
I hate being alone during my panic attacks. How can I cope?
What is the difference between a syndrome and a disease?
A therapist withdrew from my BPD child, and now my child hates me. Why?
What are the worst cases of schizophrenia disorders?
Is a person with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to have abusive tendencies towards a partner?
What is the worst chronic disease to have? I think it's depression or anxiety. I have and have had many other serious illnesses.
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
Are people with mental illnesses like depression, anorexia and/or obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) the hardest to love?
Can I develop an attachment disorder to an abuser?
How do I find coping strategies for dyslexia?
What are the things that mentally strong people don't do when they are at their worst in comparison with their normal counterparts?
I have an exam tomorrow which I will surely fail because I couldn't study as I have been enduring depression since August last year. What do I do?
How do you deal with a sociopathic grandmother?
Did Aaron Rodriguez really turn religious, depressed and suicidal, without anyone noticing it, right up until his death?
What is the solution if a depressed person refuses to consult doctor and the person is harming the family?
Is there a correlation between MBTI type and mental illness (ENFP and ADHD primarily)?
Can you sue someone if their stalking caused you to go psychotic?
When do psychopaths first feel that they have created a successful mask?
I've been thinking about it and I still can't find a good reason for somebody to commit a suicide. Why do people turn to suicide in desperate moments?
If a person enjoyed being out a lot at night, might that indicate a mental illness?
What does it feel like to have anxiety and depression?
What neurotypical behaviors are most puzzling to psychopaths?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
Should someone with self-diagnosed early onset signs of schizophrenia pursue a career in psychiatry or medicine at all?
Have you ever been in that much of depression in which you want to cry badly but cannot?
Why is the number of people being treated for mental illnesses still rapidly increasing if the most common treatments (therapy & drugs) are effective?
How do I find patients for my mental health clinic?
Will Psychopaths fake other personality disorders to confuse their victims?
What's the point of living if my depression and anxiety are never going to get better? I'm not contributing to society nor am I really enjoying life.
What sorts of thoughts run through your mind when you see a mentally disabled person?
How do you deal with anxiety/constantly not feeling good enough?
What is it like to have dysthymic depression and borderline personality disorder?
Is there a word for such severe depression that one is on the verge of suicide?
How can you tell if I am bipolar?
How can I overcome my depression?
Who are some good psychiatrists, psychologists or mental doctors in Pune?
To what extent does genetics affect susceptibility to depression?
How do you become motivated and lively after years of depression?
How bad is Japan’s Princess Masako's "adjustment disorder" illness affecting her life & personality?
Why do we have different theoretical models to explain mental illness?
Why does low self-esteem lead to depression?
As an unemployee, how do you overcome the mental pressure?
I feel really angry at all times. What should I do?
How do you treat addictive personality disorder?
Why are members of ISIS not in mental hospitals or prison?
Why do people with schizoaffective disorder accuse their friends of doing things they haven't done?
What will psychopaths do to someone who succeeded to make them blind, lose both of their hands and legs and let them live that way?
How do psychopaths and people with ASPD deal with boredom?
Is masturbation bad for mental health?
If a person has BPD and bipolar, how can you see a manic or depressive episode with the mood swings from BPD at the same time?
If you're emotionless but still sane (i.e., you make rational conclusions and don't hear things that aren't there), are you still considered psychopathic?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
What percentage of bipolar people are helped through medication?
How can one expose a likely malignant narcissist to authorities and other trained professionals when children are on the line?
How would a psychopath react to a killer clown with a machete walking up to him/her?
If I call 911 and tell them I am going insane and going to kill myself, will I have to speak to my parents before going to a hospital?
If love is our natural state of being, then why are people suffering from their own mental problems?
Why are there so many references to psychopaths on Quora?
As a mental health professional, what are some key things you do for self-care?
What are some projects or initiatives that you are working on to reduce the stigma associated with mental illness?
Why do people have split personality?
Knowing that fear is a mental state, how can we definitively suppress/overcome it?
Can I be highly intelligent without a high education?
Why is it important to study the sociology of mental disorders?
How does PTSD affect tenants in the home?
How can you convince your parents to get you diagnosed as a psychopath/sociopath?
Can I sue someone for saying I have mental illness and using illegal drugs when I don't and have proof?
What narcissistic trait do BDP men have?
How do I deal with my sociopathic tendencies?
How do you deal with the fact that you might be a sociopath?
Why doesn't the mental health system work?
What are the ayahuasca health requirements?
Why does love feel like I didn't take my anxiety meds?
Does the television series “13 Reasons Why” glorify suicide?
I suffer from BPD. I am so vindictive. How can I quit hurting other people?
What is the average length of a relationship with a psychopath?
Can I see a therapist even though I’m not sure if I have a mental disorder?
How can I explain to my mother that I'm suffering from misophonia?
What should I do if I am suffering from depression, but I don't have money for a therapist?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
What is the treatment for schizoid personality disorder like?
Is it possible to just have mania?
What poems are representative of the subject of mental illness?
Are psychiatrists really aware of how detrimental the side effects of antidepressants are?
Do I have a mental problem?
Are there any chemistry based or other objective tests for mental illnesses?
My fiance is mentally ill. What should I do?
I think I have avoidant personality disorder, should I bring this up with my therapist?
I just realised that most of the time of my life I have this weird breathing problem but without being concerned about it. What is this disorder?
Can my therapist or psychiatrist be anybody?
Is there any renowned economist with ADHD/ADD?
Can narcissism cause OCD?
I form patterns and if I can't cope with them, I feel stressful. Is it some disorder?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
Why are there people with colonial mentality?
I have a felony record, I suffer from bipolar, and I'm 20, can I save the world?
Can mapping the human connectome lead to a concrete understanding of mental illness?
Can someone become a sociopath without being molested?
What would happen if I was misdiagnosed as bipolar and took Seroquel for 3 nights (50m, 50mg, and 100mg) for this condition and for insomnia?
What's the end of depression?
How do you know if someone is faking a mental illness?
Why does BC have the highest number of hospital visits due to mental illness?
Do I move back home, get a job & deal with my dysfunctional but loving family, or live depressed and isolated out in the country without having to work?
What benefits have you noticed—physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually—from doing the Kuji-in? And how long have you been doing them?
Are there any success cases of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)?
How can I cope with depression/manic bipolar episodes without seeing a shrink (I can't afford Obama Care)?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
Why do people think I sound depressed?
How can I treat my obsessive love disorder?
Why does it happen that I fight with depression for a long time and feel happy for a short period of time and again get depressed? Why is the cycle repeating?
I prefer solitude but at the same time being lonely makes me depressed. Social interaction makes me loose focus on my goals. What should I choose?
Is it common for people with borderline personality disorder to be brutally honest even when it does them harm?
Why hasn't my mother been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
How can you convince your mom that your brother has depression?
What is the meaning of an obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD)?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
How effective is exposure therapy?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
Is teenage depression comparable to clinical depression and should be treated with a therapist?
What are the characteristics of mental repression?
Does masturbation cause hair loss and mental fatigue? If yes, then how do I get rid of this?
How does it feel to have an anxiety attack?
Are Robert Thompson and Jon Venables psychopaths or sociopaths?
Why do I wish I was a psychopath?
Does sex cure depression?
How can I talk my depressed girlfriend into getting help?
How can I get over stress and depression?
Do people with BPD ‘love bomb’ like narcissists?
I get depersonalization and feel like I have lost my personality throughout the day. I can only feel like myself in the evening. What does this mean?
Does having unwanted suicidal thoughts put me in danger?
If a small child was molested, would he develop a mental illness?
What drives those with PTSD to kill?
Am I mentally strong if I always hold my tears in front of other people?
What are some of the best stories about schizophrenia?
What's the difference between cyclothymia and bipolar disorder?
Could I have mold poisoning without "allergy symptoms"? I have severe anxiety and brain fog and mildly elevated liver enzymes. How can I get tested?
How do I beat exam stress?
Can you get your looks back after depression?
I'm depressed. I'm not going to end my life, but if I were to pass away, my loved ones will get $3M dollars in life insurance. Why should I continue?
What is the difference between bipolar disorder and dysthymia?
How many hours a day should one be involved in a mentally engaging activity to keep their mind from stagnating?
I am 30 years old. I am suffering from pure OCD. I just have obsessions and rare compulsions. I tried medicines, yoga, but nothing’s helping. What do I do?
How do I overcome depression after a bad performance in NEET?
Why does Quora allow so many questions that passive-aggressively stigmatize mental illness?
Is there a correlation between childhood trauma and attention deficit disorder?
My pregnant girlfriend doesn't want to have sex with me anymore. How do I deal with this?
Is there a name for a feeling/condition where you're not depressed but you feel like you should be?
Can sexual assault cause someone to become a psychopath?
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
What's the cheapest, easiest and best way to commit suicide? Don't give me suicide prevention stuff.
Does someone who constantly cleans his desk with Kleenex while talking to you suffer from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder?
Do psychopaths suffer because of their personality disorder?
Can we heal a depressed person with reiki?
Does inactivation of the mGluR5 receptor in OCD patients help stop obsessions or only compulsions?
Can a sociopath choose to be a good person?
Is it possible that Hitler had PTSD?
How do I stop feeling depressed cause of the world around me?
How is the Japanese mentality different from the Chinese mentality?
Can depression disqualify me from getting a diversity visa DV1?
Why is suicide legal while the attempt of suicide is illegal?
Why do I have severe anxiety when there's nothing to worry about?
How do you deal with anxiety and being ridiculed because you are trans?
If your favorite singer turned out to be a pervert psychopath, would you still listen to his works?
How can I convince my mom that I think I have depression and I should be taken to the doctor and tested?
What is the difference between aspergers syndrome and generalized/social anxiety disorder?
How do people who suffer from multiple personality disorder, manage their daily life?
Why does sleep deprivation help depression?
Does someone on antidepressants behave like a mental person?
How can I cope with the fact that there are insane people out there?
How can you manage intense anxiety when you cannot stop the forces causing it?
Why is it that a large percentage of people that commit suicide, do it by hanging themselves? It seems there are a lot better options.
How do you know if you are raising a sociopath?
What are some examples of conduct disorder?
Why are schizoids (schizoid personality disorder) so weird?
What's the best way to get someone with borderline personality disorder (BPD) into treatment or Dialectical Behavior Therapy when they don't believe they have a problem in the first place?
What do psychopaths think of the game 'Blue Whale'?
Is Dota 2 a fun and addicting game that can keep me restrained from thinking about depression?
What is my best option when I am being mentally abused in India?
Can a psychopath be scarred?
Can a bipolar disorder be passed on to one’s offspring in the form of a borderline personality disorder?
Why does psychotic depression make you not think right and blame others?
How do narcissists know to select people who cannot defend their personal boundaries?
How many people suffer from mild depression globally?
Do we have any responsibility towards depressive people, and how do we fulfill this?
Is medication necessary for BPD?
Does it feel to anyone else as if the treatment for bipolar is making you crazy?
What are ways to suppress depression, without taking drugs?
How can someone deal with nervous breakdowns?
Can anxiety disorder cause EKG/ECG abnormalities?
What does compulsive mean?
What are the pros and cons of taking anxiety medications?
How do you cope with early depression killing your dreams because even when recovering, it will often leave you detached and less energetic for life?
Is having full anger and other mood swings during a manic episode normal with bipolar?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
What are the symptoms for chronic depression?
Is there a mental disorder where you start behaving exactly like someone else?
What kinds of neuropsychological testing should a specialist perform on a potential ADHD patient before they are prescribed Adderall?
Why do people stigmatize mental illnesses?
What can I do to convince my 42-year-old BPD mom to seek treatment?
Can I recover from a lifetime of abuse? I'm mostly a fun and happy person but have my walls up and can't grieve or react normally to stress /conflict.
Why does depression come from nowhere sometimes?
What actions would get you instantly in a mental home?
Does anyone find it ironic that Congresswoman Waters continues to say that a lot of conservatives have real mental problems?
What does being 27% neurotypical entail for an individual?
Why are depressed people shunned?
What are some characteristics of the different types of paranoid personality disorder?
Why do BPD's or NPD's refuse to call you their girlfriend?
What's the difference between paranoia and persecutory delusions?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about suicide?
Was PTSD something that affected Vietnamese veterans?
What are the specific behaviors you consider to diagnose BPD?
What are some behaviours that you're most ashamed of when you were in a borderline personality "episode"?
How can I explain to my mother that I'm suffering from misophonia?
How can I overcome my approach to anxiety and make my brain think faster when starting a conversation?
Are all drug induced psychotic episodes due to mental illness?
Can a person that has bipolar illness and borderline personality disorder ever have a successful relationship?
What is mental decompensation, and how do you deal with it?
What are the characteristics of mental repression?
Can we drop the idea of psychopath as an identity or label?
Why do people on Quora expand their answers and stretch it outside the box, Even though this isn't an "essay competition"?
Should I do a degree in university if one thought of it makes me depressed?
Is it common for the partner of someone with BPD to lose their social life, abuse alcohol, & feel dependent on their BPD partner?
Why did Hannah commit suicide?
I think my mom is quite depressed. What should I do?
When schizophrenics are in a psychotic state, does part of them realize that what they're thinking isn't rational?
After the discard stage, do narcissists treat their victims as if they were the narcissist?
How do I get over this feeling? I had a breakup in Nov. 2016. I have a panic attack every time I come across anything that is remotely​ related to her.
What are the best things to do to keep your brain sharp?
How can I train my parasympathetic nervous system?
Can a mentally ill person file for asylum?
Can praying to the devil make you schizophrenic if you ask him to make you schizophrenic?
What are the biggest challenges you face as a sales manager?
How can I prevent acute stress disorder?
Are you a different person since depression?
Why is it so difficult to tell someone you think you have depression and/or an eating disorder?
Are psychiatrists really aware of how detrimental the side effects of antidepressants are?
Why hasn't my mother been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
What topic should I choose for my final essay about mental disorders?
Is spring anxiety (seasonal anxiety) a thing?
Is there a thing as being too ugly to make friends?
How do you prevent mental decompensation?
Why do I "get depressed" when I'm alone?
How do you deal with suicidal people?
How do I tell my mom I have PTSD?
What are the best supplements for OCD?
Is there a word for such severe depression that one is on the verge of suicide?
Did Aaron Rodriguez really turn religious, depressed and suicidal, without anyone noticing it, right up until his death?
Why aren't there more depressed people around? What is it in life that keeps so many people going?
Do you know a story of a mentally weak/naive person who became strong?
Why do people pity those who self-harm, but not those who harm others?
Does Luvox treat depression?
Is hypochondria the same as GAD?
Do atheists ever feel frustrated and depressed because nobody pays any attention at all to their no-evidence argument?
How do I tell my girlfriend that I am bipolar?
Is it a sign of depression to become critical if I'm on a completely different medication than I thought I was? I had to look it up to verify it.
Trump has worsen my mental illnesses, can I sue him?
Do you take medication for your anxiety? If so, are you concerned about studies that say anxiety medications can cause permanent changes in your brain?
I think I have avoidant personality disorder, should I bring this up with my therapist?
Why do you get depression despite coming from an affluent family and having all the luxuries, the love and affection of everyone, and a good income?
What is the most severe thing a bipolar/schizophrenic person has ever done to you?
Is it possible to reclaim creativity after a long depression?
I’ve been jobless for 5 months, and I’m feeling depressed. What should I do?
Can someone with DID (dissociative identity disorder) kill one of his/her alters?
What should I do whenever I feel depressed or demotivated?
How do I know if I'm an introvert or just extremely depressed?
How true is this about Doraemon that a real Nobita suffering from schizophrenia and he committed a suicide?
Do high-functioning psychopaths understand rules and laws and understand why we follow them?
Are psychiatrists really aware of what goes on inside a patient’s brain who is on antidepressants?
What are the best therapy protocol to treat anxiety?
Why does clinical depression happen?
How often on average should men have sex to stay mentally healthy?
What is a sociopathic child like?
How can I convince my parents to go to a therapist without telling them that I think I’m bipolar?
Is there any depressed person who wants us to support each other through tough times and recovery?
How do I stop letting anxiety and stress ruin my life?
How long should it take (roughly) for your therapist to give you a diagnosis?
Does staying in a mental hospital affect my reputation/record? How could that affect my future?
I have bipolar II disorder. Does anyone have any coping advice? I do see a therapist regularly but I'm afraid of meds & therapy can be uncomfortable.
What are unreasonable reasons and unreasonable frequencies of a psychotherapist taking time off? What crosses the line of being unprofessional?
How do I face reality and quit imagining fantasy and impossible scenarios?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, what are your symptoms besides hallucinations?
What shoud I do to get my degree? It'll take 7 years to have it due to mental illness (schizophrenia). How can I be smarter or disciplined to obtain it?
What do I do if my mom and therapist wants to put me in a psych ward for a suicide attempt? How do I convince them not to?
What types of neighborhoods should I avoid in Atlanta?
How do you warn someone, who is a decent human being, that they’re involved with a narcissist?
How does it feels like to suffer from "aunty shaming" in India?
Can one use characteristical similarities between humans as a basis for suggesting an individual’s mentality?
For someone who is 19 years of age and suffers from Bruxism, is it still possible to repair the damage using natural methods?
Can psychopaths have cognitive empathy?
How do I get therapy without my parents finding out in India?
Why does it happen that I fight with depression for a long time and feel happy for a short period of time and again get depressed? Why is the cycle repeating?
Why does Graves' disease cause anxiety?
Can a non violent person be provoked to commit a violent assault if they suffered years of physical and mental abuse?
What is the reality of depression?
How can a person suffering from bipolar 2 take decisions and control his life?
What are the various treatments for anxiety disorder?
Is this PTSD or self obsession? I am a survivor of CSA and can't stop the events and details of the abuse from playing in my head.
What happens when a person with HPD/BPD is told what they are? It does not seem as if they realize that their behavior is abnormal, annoying and often disgusting.
How is mental repression explained in psychology?
How can you give support to someone who's having a mental breakdown?
What would happen to a person's physical and mental state if they were buried alive in a coffin for several days?
A therapist withdrew from my BPD child, and now my child hates me. Why?
How do you treat addictive personality disorder?
What do you mean by psychotherapy?
Do psychopaths have anything to compensate for their lack of emotions?
Is memory loss common for people who have bipolar disorder in the manic phase?
Is it possible to build muscle on antipsychotics? Is it as efficient as normally?
Can two people with depression be lovers successfully?
Why do people have split personality?
Do you know people who suffer from the so-called "God complex"?
What drugs can make someone mentally ill?
What would earn a psychopath's unstoppable vengeance against you?
What's the difference between bipolar and borderline, and how common is that misdiagnoses?
What is the most terrifying mental illness one could experience that they are still aware of, that isn't acute schizophrenia?
Where can I find an online psychologist in India?
What does it feel like to be ill?
Is Demi Lovato really bipolar manic and depressed?
Can I live a good, meaningful life without meditating?
After losing a parent, why can’t I feel anything at all, when I know I should be in pain?
Would someone with the ability to vividly dream & remember most of it to the point it uses most of their actual life away be considered mentally ill?
What shall I do if I feel depressed from being alone?
I am getting very depressed about the events happening in my life. What are some ways to get out from depression?
What “reasonable adjustments” can my occupational health report make?
Is tardive dyskinesia reversible?
I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
If I call 911 saying I am going insane, how long will I be in a mental hospital if I tell them I will hurt myself if they let me go?
What are some of your experiences as a gay man with borderline personality traits?
Should I go to a mental hospital if I have anti-social traits?
How can I tell if I am experiencing genuine kundalini or psychosis/schizophrenia?
Why does everyone sound so depressed on Quora?
Is there any new type of mental illness that has been discovered in the last 25 years?
Who in a narcissists life is his primary, secondary etc. supply sources?
Is there anywhere I can upload my professional and personal profile and seek feedback for entering entrepreneurship?
Why do psychopaths stare so intently?
Why do I miss being depressed?
How do I deal with my depressed partner?
Are people with BPD dangerous?
How can you beat depression without the help of others?
Should I go to school when my anxiety has flared up?
Is it possible to have BPD and bipolar disorder?
Why is it more acceptable to be a psychopath than a schizophrenic?
I feel extremely depressed and I have no one to talk to. Is there someone willing to talk to me?
Is there a disorder/disease or mental illness where you are happy one day and totally unmotivated the next?
How do people who suffer from multiple personality disorder, manage their daily life?
Why are there so many references to psychopaths on Quora?
Can narcissists (NPDs) feel affective empathy when they have accomplished their narcissistic supply?
What is the best way to put a narcissist in his place?
How can you manage intense anxiety when you cannot stop the forces causing it?
What is the difference between a syndrome and a disease?
Is there a difference between depression and major depressive disorder or MDD?
Why do psychopaths go to therapy?
What is mental healthcare like in Qatar?
What current depressing situation are you going through?
Why are many school shooters labeled as psychopaths/sociopaths?
Can my therapist or psychiatrist be anybody?
Who are some famous paranoid schizophrenics?
Are the symptoms of bipolar caused from circumstances in life? E.g., is mania just a result of happy circumstances and depression from sad circumstances?
When dealing with suicidal thoughts or depression, did any online suicide prevention/support services help you? If so, which ones?
What are the secret ingredients to building mental strength?
I'm 25 and I keep thinking about the past a lot. It makes me depressed. How do I put it to rest and move forward?
Are mental illnesses solely subjective judgements by our professionals? Or are there bio markers?
How can you bring out emotions out of people?
I was recently diagnosed with NPD and AVPD. How can I maintain relationships and keep this from ruining my life?
Does the antidepressant Effexor promote wakefulness and attention in people with ADD/ADHD, just as Strattera does? Or is Strattera the only one?
I have depression ad anxiety, how can I convince my parents to allow me to see a psychiatrist?
How should I get prepared mentally before leaving home and moving to college?
I believe I am suffering from dementia in my 20's. What is the most common cause?
Should I keep gaming if it makes me depressed but independent as a teen?
Does a person suffering from NPD know that they have NPD?
How can I talk to attractive women without getting anxiety and stuttering?
Is there a link between an avoidant personality disorder and constant daydreaming?
I turned 30 2 months ago and I'm still depressed about getting old. What should I do?
What are the side effects of being with a person who has bipolar disorder?
Was Keith Moon ever diagnosed with mental illness?
How do I help myself? I have BPD with reoccurring depression & no support or family, and I'm struggling to stay alive.
How can a person with PTSD be successful in school if they can’t focus?
Does psilocybin help with depression?
What happens if you steal from a psychopath?
How do people with borderline personality disorder prevent themselves from crying?
Does masturbation hampers our mental power?
How should I enjoy the life if I have some mental disorders like autism?
Can a person with split personalities have different mental disorders and abilities in each personality?
How do I monitor the biochemical markers that give rise to my anxiety?
How do people deal with work related anxiety?
When is the right time to seek a counsellor for depression?
How do you know if you are a high functioning autistic?
Would you date someone who tried to commit suicide in their past?
How do I help my husband who is suffering from depression?
Is it bad if I hold back urges to yell out of frustration?
How old do I have to be to get diagnosed with ASPD?
What are some tips to combat mental fatigue after long periods of focusing?
Do people fall into a bell curve of psychopathy: psychopaths as typically described at one end and people empathetic to a fault at the other end?
Can you get over anxiety without medication?
Are people with mental disorders more attracted to other people who also have a mental disorder?
As a senior, what is the best strategy to maximize my mental acuity?
How do you test for a self-defeating personality disorder?
How can I stop depression as a teenager?
What does mental toughness help you with, or having a strong mentality? Are they the same thing?
Where can I find the solution to psychological problems?
How do I handle depression and suicidal thoughts during pregnancy as a single mother?
What is depression in Islam?
What stops a narcissist carrying out a smear campaign?
Are antidepressants like Zoloft better at treating OCD than they are at treating depression?
When is supervised visitation required for some psychiatric patients?
What's wrong with me, I know I'm gay but something in my head keeps making me second guess myself?
How do you clear up a psychiatric misdiagnosis?
How bad can depression get if it doesn't go away, and I just ignore it?
What specific gene is involved in psychopathy?
What should I tell to the counselor about my depression?
Is there anyway to find out if I am mentally weak?
Is it better to not share your depression or get diagnosed for depression?
Do you have any recommendations for counseling or therapy in Michigan, USA?
Why do I want to have a mental/personality disorder?
What clinical evidence is there (if any) linking dehydration and depression?
Do psychopaths enjoy bestiality?
My mom wants me committed to a psych ward for attempting suicide. How do I convince her not to put me in a psych ward?
What should be done for a person who is suffering from bipolar disorder? They are in a kind of extreme stage of depression.
Is Onision a psychopath?
What should I do to overcome depression? I become over-anxious or over-depressed.
If a natural born psychopath is raised in an environment primed for social anxiety, will any develop?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
What is the likely cause of lethargy barring any grave illness in an otherwise functioning individual?
Have you recovered from OCD in India? I have been suffering for 4 years. Which is the best place to get it treated?
Why did I want to be friends with a sociopath?
What is a female with ASPD like?
Do some people fake mental disorder like having NPD or being a psychopath?
Why is the number of people being treated for mental illnesses still rapidly increasing if the most common treatments (therapy & drugs) are effective?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
Do psychopaths not feel emotions or do they supress them?
Is being mentally strong a choice?
How do you deal with anxiety and depression syndrome?
What could this mental illness be?
Are mental disorders more than just behavior habits?
Is having to always be with someone, a sign of BPD?
Why is it so frequent that people with mental illnesses also have severe dental problems?
How can I overcome inner emptiness at 22 years old?
Is there any truth to the statement that Psychopaths are incapable of love?
Should I tell my parents that I smoke so they can support me in the quitting process?
How can I live even though I am old and ugly and depressed?
How do I deal with the depression of a bad exam?
I have been having panic attacks since my breakup, will they ever stop?
What is the relationship between being a talented artist and depression?
Is this depression or anxiety I always feel restless and feel like crying?
How did you get diagnosed as a clinical psychopath, sociopath, or ASPD?
Why do I start feeling depressed if I don't do something crazy?
When does someone start getting anxiety problems? I'm writing a story where the main character is keeping something huge from everyone for 2 months.
Is depression a genetic disease, or is it affected or triggered by environment?
Do malignant narcissists hoover after discarding you?
Who are some good psychiatrists, psychologists or mental doctors in Pune?
For psychotherapists with many decades of experience, what has changed and stayed the same in what clients have brought to therapy over the decades?
How can I treat anxiety and numbness in my face?
Can meditation make you insane and mental?
What do I do when I'm ugly and want to commit suicide?
I don't want to be depressed anymore but still can't find the motivation to do anything about it. How do I finally just move?
How does it feel to fail AIPMT/NEET for the fourth time? I feel very depressed.
Are there any chemistry based or other objective tests for mental illnesses?
Why do I get depressed before going out?
What is it like to be in a relationship with a bipolar person?
Is OCD one of the worst mental diseases?
How can I come out from feeling stress?
If you call out the narcissist and do not allow them to emtionally torture you, how would he react?
Is someone with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to be abusive?
Could it be that the recurrent psychological abuse from relatives (not parents but other relatives) causes sociopathic tendencies?
How would someone come back from schizophrenia?
Is there any good way to get rid of a fetish?
If, starting at 12 years, a child is told throughout their adolescence that they have depression, will they eventually have clinical depression?
How would you help someone going through a manic period?
Are there any mental diagnoses that require the victim to be held in an establishment?
Which books should I read to help get rid of panic attacks?
Are criminally insane and mentally ill people (who haven't committed an offence) sent to the same hospitals?
How do games affect a child’s mental growth?
Can depression cause constant chest discomfort?
How do I cram 2 days before finals and not have panic attacks?
Does being underweight and not being hungry have anything to do with an eating disorder? Do I have an eating disorder?
If schizophrenia is a condition and not an illness, why can’t it be cured and not just managed?
What distinctions separate BPD and adult child symptoms?
How would you find a mentally unwell person who has gone missing for a month?
What are the ways to get out of stress and depression?
How do I make my friend who thinks she has mental disorders realize that she's normal? Read details.
Are psychopaths parasites? Do they need victims to survive?
The recent news says that "Instagram is worst social media for young mental health". What's your honest opinion on this?
What do psychopaths think of sex?
How can an average person mentally change mind to improve himself?
How can you start to rebuild your life (particularly around relationships) after a long period of depression?
Are sadness and depression the same? What do you do to cope with them?
If a child was raised by parent(s) with a personality disorder, would the child mimic the behaviour of that disorder without having it themselves?
I'm 29 years old and feel the angriest I have ever been right now. What is the best thing for me to do?
Am I a sociopath? How do I know for sure?
Can I be a police officer if I have mental disorders?
What can you expect when starting medication for schizophrenia?
Can people with NPD be cured or is there a treatment?
Is it possible for your brain to ever be quiet?
How should one cope with the constant "slippage" back to depression particularly when meds poop out?
How do you personally cope with a friend who is suicidal but won't admit it and has bipolar symptoms?
Is it harder to keep a marriage from falling apart when the husband has social skills deficits or social anxiety?
What should I do to stop being suicidal and depressed all the time?
How do I cope with loneliness, homesickness, depression when studying abroad?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
Can I go to new psychiatrist if I've just filled a prescription, but am not happy with my old doctor's diagnosis?
Have you ever thought that mental illness doesn't exist?
Can a person have both schizoid and avoidant personality disorder?
Is there any remedy for chronic depression?
Have you ever discovered someone was a sociopath? If so, what gave them away?
My therapist asked me to get my own bedroom, personalize it, and take a photo of it and bring it to him. Is this professional behavior?
What is a hallucination and does it really happen?
My girlfriend is suffering from depression, how can I help her?
I'm in a relationship with someone who is suicidal and depressed, but I want a breakup. What do I say?
How do I help someone with body dysmorphic disorder?
How do I know if I damaged myself by taking a low dose of risperidone for 5 months?
What medications cause hallucinations?
What are some ways to relieve depression?
Why do panic attacks keep coming back after years of nothing?
What is the best actionable advice for someone who is struggling with depression?
I want to kill someone. How do I control myself?
Do psychopaths ever experience uncontrollable laughter?
What are the types of panic disorders?
What is your opinion on labeling someone who has mental disabilities as retarded in a non derogatory way?
Is it my fault that I was born with a mental illness?
Is it possible to suffer from PTSD after being let go from a job, without warning, after 20 years?
How do I increase my mental strength to keep on going even when the night is the darkest?
Why are psychopaths attracted to careers in mental health?
How did your parents react when they found out you are a psychopath? Did they always suppose it or was it a surprise?
I thought my friend was a narcissist. He had all the traits that I read in a book. It has been 6 months. Does that mean he is not a narcissist?
How successful would a matchmaking algorithm that would pair people up with similar mental characteristics and uniform choices?
What’s it like to be a narcissist?
Do people abuse drugs and alcohol, or do drugs and alcohol abuse people?
What is the transition into schizophrenia like?
Isn’t it inevitable that people will scream or shout out at others, to reduce their mental stress?
Is it ridiculous if an adult gets relieved from anger and despair by self-harm?
What can a nurse do for psychiatric patients?
Scary thoughts are not letting me sleep. I have anxiety. How do I overcome irrational and scary thoughts?
Whom do we call mentally retarded?
Are there people who can't see any color? Why? Does it affect anything (emotionally, physically, or mentally)?
How can I help my struggling classmate?
Is it bad to always fantasize about a new life when I am too depressed?
Do anxiolytic drugs help overcome anxiety?
I just realised that most of the time of my life I have this weird breathing problem but without being concerned about it. What is this disorder?
How successful can one be in their recovery from schizophrenia if the person is unaware of their mental illness?
Why is mental health such an ignored topic in Indian society?
What are the risks of having anxiety and numbness in my face?
Do you believe that estrogen therapy reduces physical strength in transwomen?
People with BPD see in black or white. Is there a disorder where someone can only see in the gray area?
Is there a personality disorder linked to someone who doesn't believe in romantic love?
Can strong feelings of love be a sign of a new breakdown for someone who has come out of depression?
How do I deal with my daughter who has narcissistic personality disorder?
After hearing about gory rape crimes, I constantly feel severely anxious about the safety of my loved ones. It’s affecting my daily life. How do I deal?
Can I go to a psychiatrist without parental consent?
How do I protect my Mental Health from the trump administration?
Does stable/euthymic state lasts longer in schizophrenia or bipolar disorder?
Which is the best book that is much more innovative and increases our creativity, logic and other mental development?
What are the best meds to combat severe anxiety?
Why don't women ask men out?
What are better treatments for anxiety that should be taken?
Why do I get filled with negativity on certain days/times of the week?
If people are so worried about me committing suicide, why aren't they doing anything?
Why can't I stop an obsession with someone, why won't my mind move on if I already have physically? Is this an uncontrollable mental illness?
What can I do if doctors think that I'm anorexic, but I'm truly not?
What are some interesting startups to follow in the mental health space?
What is the best thing I can do to ease the feeling of people with depression or anxiety?
How can I deal with a muscular thug who doesn't study in our university and comes here to sleep in empty classrooms and has mental disorders?
What is a possible way out of a mental prison regardless of the issue?
Do I have bipolar disorder or some underlying psychiatric issue?
How do I deal with panic attacks? I am looking for something which helps permanently and not temporarily. Is there a permanent solution to stop having them?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
Why does my therapist not understand that I don't want to treat my ASPD?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
Does depression significantly impair cognitive function?
What recent innovations have been made in the way psychologists think about and treat depression?
Should I go to a therapist and how can I tell my parents?
Does homeopathy work in OCD cases?
Can caffeine be used to treat ADHD in nursing mothers who were diagnosed after having children?
Can Prednisone cause anxiety?
What are the ways to improve my father's mental health and will after survive heart attack?
What causes mental decompensation?
Has violence against people with mental illness increased recently in America?
Should I see a psychiatrist or someone else?
What is the difference between being lonely or depressed? How can one know?
How would a psychopath with less of the wiring act?
How do people know about and get the latest and greatest legal pharmaceuticals and supplements for mental and physical health?
I sometimes have intrusive thoughts, how can I know if it is OCD or being scared?
The DSM. What good or bad has it done for mental health progress?
What lifestyle changes should I make to cope with anxiety?
Why does nicotine cause anxiety?
How can I stop being anxious while studying?
Do some people with ASPD want to be a neutrotyical?
How can we eliminate the mental illness stigma?
Do some people commit suicide after their partner dies, especially if there is a gap in the relationship of 10-20 years plus or they cannot be without them?
Does someone on antidepressants behave like a mental person?
Can second hand weed smoke cause panic and anxiety attacks?
What happens to your brain if you have been depressed for a long time?
What to do when we are so depressed by a problem that we cannot fix for a long time up to a point that we want to commit suicide?
I prefer solitude but at the same time being lonely makes me depressed. Social interaction makes me loose focus on my goals. What should I choose?
How have you managed the mental trauma of being put under Performance Improvement Programme in office?
What is the meaning of an obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD)?
What do psychopaths think about book Psychopath Bible?
Has anyone actually overcome depression and suicidal feelings?
Is there any psychiatric condition in which the patient tends to help others?
What is specific social anxiety, and how can a person overcome it?
Of all anti-psychotics, Aripiprazole has the longest half-life and is the only anti-psychotic developed by a Japanese. What makes it different?
How do you discuss violent crimes that you haven't been charged for with a mental health professional without them breaking confidentiality?
Why do I keep having thoughts of suicide although I am perfectly right in the head (no depression, bipolar disorder, etc)?
Is Damon Salvatore a sociopath?
Do guys who broke off a relationship because they lost feelings for you due to depression come back?
Which is the best way to quit psychodynamic psychotherapy?
How does psychopathy work with twins?
If you have Bipolar Disorder and your thyroid is off, could that trigger a manic episode?
What is the quickest and easiest way to commit suicide?
What do psychopaths think of the child of rage, Beth Thomas' 'recovery from psychopathy'?
How do I cope up with my studies after a long psychiatric medicated treatment (2 years)?
Can untreated OCD lead to schizophrenia?
Can I get mental health leave from school?
Why do highly intelligent people often suffer from mental illnesses?
Are Northern Europe countries like Sweden the heaven for anti-social and non-ambitious people?
Is there an herb for hearing voices?
How does Dissociative Identity Disorder work? Are the symptoms there for all alters all the time, or are there episodes of the different alters?
Why do people think that rain causes depression?
If a child was not abused, what else causes a narcissistic personality disorder?
Why does Salman Khan like to play characters with mental issues? Does that come naturally to him, or does a lot of effort go into it?
After drinking, Dad doesn't talk properly to Mom and me. Conversing with him takes a mental toll on us. Should I isolate him from my world mentally?
Can depression make someone a criminal?
How would you encourage a person trying to overcome binge eating?
What are some immediate ways to help a panic attack?
What are ways to suppress depression, without taking drugs?
Do you know any interesting case of faking a disorder?
Have you been peed upon by somebody else?
How competitive are psychopaths?
How do I know when my introversion has turned into a social anxiety disorder?
I was sexually abused as a child. Has this affected me in ways I am not aware of?
Is the feeling of being 'possessed' (not being able to control ones thoughts/feelings) a symptom of dissociative identity disorder or something else?
What are some tips for making myself mentally strong?
Whenever life gets normal, I begin getting depressed again. How do you think I can prevent that or reduce the feeling?
Is mental illness an actual physical illness, or is it merely abstract?
What would a psychopath do if someone is turning people against them using the Internet?
What is the relationship between synchronicity and personality disorders, like BPD?
Is there a way to just be generally diagnosed with any mental illnesses I may have?
What is the worst social media for young people's mental well being?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
Psychopaths, does it affect you that sometimes your actions and your involvement change an outcome of a situation?
Can one catch schizophrenia from raising a kid with schizophrenia?
Can you tell me how mania, the mental illness, can kill you?
How can I overcome shaking anxiety when getting an eye exam, getting a hair cut, or taking pictures (by another person)?
I got multiple 94–100% scores on tests to help assess if someone is a psychopath or not. What should I do?
How are you clinically diagnosed with a mental illness?
Can you be a sociopath without having severe trauma and having had a relatively normal life?
What is it like to have schizophrenia and PTSD at the same time? Is it even possible?
How do I reduce my anxiety?
How can I find online help for depression?
When I read on Quora, it seems to me that everyone is so knowledgeable and I don't know anything, I feel depressed sometimes. What should I do?
Everyone tells me my anxiety is fake, and makes me feel bad about it. It's breaking me. What should I do?
How do you cope with early depression killing your dreams because even when recovering, it will often leave you detached and less energetic for life?
Do psychopaths get bored really easy since they can't feel fear or get much of an adrenaline rush? What do they do to keep themselves entertained?
Are people who have depression just weak?
Are 'psychosomatic' issues a medically accepted condition? If so, how does it work? What is the frequency of occurrences? Are the symptoms real?
Have you had thoughts of suicide?
My sister is the reason behind my depression and suicide attempts. What should I do?
How can I avoid depression?
Are mindfulness and heart rate coherence related?
What kind of psychological damage is done to the partner of someone with BPD?
Is there any part of psychopathy that psychopaths would change? If they were reborn, would they choose to be a psychopath or neurotypical?
What can I do when neither therapy nor medication have helped my depression?
How can I convince my parents I am not depressed or self harming?
Are there people who have successfully come out of depression (or are in process of doing so)?
What can I do for my ex who is depressed?
Do gadgets help in overcoming depression? If so what apps/games you suggest?
What do you do when a therapist asks you to do an assignment, but you can't do it? Am I failing therapy?
Has anyone dealt with a narcissistic personality? How did you recover? Do we ever recover?
Why do my eyes water when I'm nervous?
Do sociopaths or psychopaths choose special persons they want to be with/manipulate?
What are the common traits of people who have suffered from emotional trauma?
A girl with signs of mental illness is accusing me of battery. What can I do?
Is there any scale to measure depression? What would make you decide that you are depressed?
What are some examples of maladaptive coping mechanisms?
Did fMRI & other similar technologies destigmatize psychiatric disorders since we can view them as medical conditions & not the fault of the patient?
Would you choose not to befriend someone who has a mental disorder and why?
Is Cardio B the right supplement for maintaining mental and physical health?
Does seeing a therapist and taking antidepressants help depression and anxiety?
What is a psychopath with blindsight like?
Why does love feel like I didn't take my anxiety meds?
Why is it important to study the sociology of mental disorders?
What are ways to overcome anxiety in women?
Has anyone reading this been "officially" diagnosed with Pseudopheochromocytoma?
How do I stop my anxiety from allowing me to do things?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, what is the best method to help him change his mind?
How can I watch Boku no Hero Acedemia without getting depressed?
What can I do to stop anxiety while driving?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
Can narcissism cause OCD?
As a psychopath/sociopath, if an emotion in your limited emotional range were to get erased, which one would you miss the most?
Everyday is a constant battle with depression and suicidal thoughts, I don't feel worthy of life. Should I end it?
Whenever I return to my hometown for any length of time, I become overcome with depression. Is this a common phenomenon?
Could stimulation from sex help someone with anxiety?
Depression and anxiety has driven me to become extremely shy and dumb as well as the development of hyperhidrosis. What should I do?
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
How would psychopaths react if they're "scared" in a way?
Why don’t people want to hangout with socially anxious people like me?
What should be done when a person is mentally drained out and they are not getting enough care from their family?
Are there any 'unreasonable' reasons for depression?
If a person has a mental illness, does that mean the person is insane and can't function in society?
How do I know if I have Asperger's syndrome or social anxiety disorder?
I have a feeling that people are criticizing me in their heads. Is it paranoia or social anxiety?
Can OCD change form during life?
Should I quit gaming if it makes me depressed and I want to get fit and better grades?
Do psychopaths understand irony?
When people say mentally and physically, can't you just say physically?
Is psychopathy our default setting?
How do I control stress?
Is it "attention seeking" and "conceited" (in a way) to accept/sometimes say that I have a mental disorder?
How can I explain to people about my mental illness when I don't seem "crazy" to other people most of the time?
Can one experience auditory hallucinations in the throes of high anxiety?
Why do you think many people do not seek help for anxiety problems?
How can one effectively (to an extent) emulate psychopathy?
I’m a doctor​ with no certification. I’m doing my own therapy for musculoskeletal problems. I need certification for my therapy. How can I get it?
Lithium for bipolar keeps manias under control. Does it also prevent the spiral down into suicidal depression?
How does a person get physically and mentally stronger?
How do I know that I need medical attention for depression? What are the general symptoms?
What do you think Lennie's (from Mice & Men) mental illness is?
Can a person have both bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder at same time?
I'm 14 and trying to figure out how can I get mental help without directly asking for it?
What are the symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder after being discarded by my narcissistic girlfriend?
Will having therapy sessions affect my financial future?
Hi I am really worried. I suffer from anxiety and OCD. And I suffer from repetitive blasphemes thoughts. I am a christian. i have Thoughts like the unpardonable  sin. Now the thing that worries me is that say I get baptized in the Holy Spirit and I try to speak in tongues. But I can't speak In tongues. Is it possible that I committed the unpardonable sin because I can't speak In Tongues after I was baptized by the Holy Spirit? I have these thoughts about the unpardonable sin like almost every day. I don't want to have these thoughts.
What are some things that psychopaths know they are better at than an NT is?
Is hypnotherapy an effective method of dealing with dissociative disorder?
How many people would commit suicide if it could be accomplished legally and painlessly?
All of a sudden I've started feeling depressed. What should I do?
Does seal clubbing increase your mental health?
If the abuse wasn't that bad, could it still cause BPD?
How does a sleep-related eating disorder manifest?
Where are some groups for people with bipolar disorder?
Have you ever had a problem that just refused to go away?
I’m depressed because I feel like my life has no meaning. What should I do?
Do people with psychosis or a psychotic breakdown know that about themselves? Are they cognizant they are in an alternate reality/breakdown?
Can anxiety disorder cause EKG/ECG abnormalities?
If mental illness is a result of cerebral chemical imbalances, why aren't diagnoses done by neuroimaging conjuncted with psychological evaluation?
How do I know if my dysphagia is a sign of a physical or a mental problem?
I've been thinking about it and I still can't find a good reason for somebody to commit a suicide. Why do people turn to suicide in desperate moments?
Is there any other way for people with depression to feel better rather than go to psychiatrists?
How am I supposed to find love if I don't have a job or a place of my own and can't get one because of mental disability?
What not to say to a narcissist?
My parents abused me to the point of wanting to commit suicide and murder. Now that I have money should I share my wealth?
What percentage of U.S. citizens suffer from some type of mental health disorder?
Which is your best experience with or as a psychologist?
Could I have mold poisoning without "allergy symptoms"? I have severe anxiety and brain fog and mildly elevated liver enzymes. How can I get tested?
What are restraints used in mental health institutions?
Is Sigmund Freuds' dream interpretation still relevant in modern psychology and determining causes for mental illness?
How do you get someone oblivious to their mental illness to get help?
What is a temporomandibular disorder?
Are there better medications for OCD on the horizon?
I'm seeing the doctor tomorrow about whether I have depression what do I say?
How can I become intelligent and overcome dumbness or mental retardation (by birth)?
Is there anyone who took PCM by choice, but got depressed in 12th due to consistent falldowns?
What's teen life like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder?
Are SSRIs more effective for OCD rather than depression?
Do psychopaths or sociopaths ever feel nervous when it comes to their own self? If yes, in what situations?
How can I get my mind out of this deep cycle of anxiety and panic feeling?
A man with depression breaks up with you. What do you do?
If a man was born mentally normal but stressful and traumatic events changed him, can he change back? If so, how?
Someone close to me was injured in the Iraq War, and years later suffers from depression and PTSD. I struggle to know what to say to him about it. What can I do?
Can frequent headaches be a symptom of bipolar disorder? If so, then how?
How psychological illness causes obesity?
What is the name of the stiffness disorder suffered by mountaineers at higher altitudes?
How can panic be differentiated from depression?
What kind of qualities do you see in psychopaths or sociopaths that you wish you had?
What are some daily habits that you can't stop?
Psychopathy and Asperger’s seem to have a lot of common traits. Do you think they are variants of the same condition?
In Islam, life and death are in God's hands alone, then why are people able to commit suicide?
Can someone be so traumatized that no therapist is able to help them?
Gaming makes me depressed as a teen. Should I stop gaming?
Does masturbation cause hair loss and mental fatigue? If yes, then how do I get rid of this?
I suspect my girlfriend has BPD. I accidentally mentioned that I wanted a break up, but we didn't. She's ignoring me, now. What should I do?
Can spirituality cause derealization?
What percentage of bipolar people are helped through medication?
How common is the somatization disorder?
Why do people glamorize depression?
What's the end of depression?
What do I do if I can no longer parent my 16 year old?
Why are mental and emotional health important?
I am getting depressed due to my parents. They treat me so badly. What should I do?
Is there a difference between a psychopath's and a sociopath's stare, and if so, how do they differ?
Why do some people say "greazy" rather than "greasy"? Are they mentally ill?
Do I have some bits of autism?
Do sociopaths also have a paranoid personality disorder?
Why are so many people on Quora depressed?
Should I feel depressed about graduating?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both social anxiety and bipolar disorder?
Is it normal to debate yourself in the head? For example, I list the pros and cons of a situation and decide.
What's the quickest and least painful way to commit suicide?
I am suffering from emphysema. Can I go to Dharamshala for studies?
What does the mental developmental index mean?
What are examples of some common mental illnesses?
Is there a link between bipolar and narcissistic disorder?
How does a psychopath behave if s/he doesn't care to wear a mask around people?
Can someone with a personality disorder be insane too or become insane?
Is it okay for a sociopath to manipulate people?
How can I move from a mental health job to a corporate job?
If I call 911 and tell them I am going insane and going to kill myself, will I have to speak to my parents before going to a hospital?
How would a sociopath with comorbid BPD look like?
What do narcissists say about their condition?
Does clutter have a profound impact on our emotional, mental, physical, and spiritual well-being?
What are the cures for anxiety and depression?
If you’re philosophically inclined, how do you "shut it off"?
My unemployed dad (former-alcoholic) tries to commit suicide and my mom has anxiety disorder. What can I do in this torturing family?
What happens if you faint in a psych ward?
When I'm depressed I find it difficult to think through complex issues and to inhibit negative thoughts, how do I remedy this?
What is the one word for physically present in one place and mentally somewhere else?
What is the best way to relax mentally in preparation for an exam?
What happens to a person with dextrocardia disorder?
What are some examples of sociopathic tendencies?
Is schizophrenia a mental disability or a mental illness?
How many hours a day should one be involved in a mentally engaging activity to keep their mind from stagnating?
When you are very anxious, what should you do?
How long does paranoia last in a bipolar disorder?
Is it better to be physically safe or mentally safe?
How did you realise you have bipolar disorder and how did you feel?
How do I identify depression in my teen?
How do I overcome my glossophobia (speech anxiety)?
What should I do to stop procrastinating? I have always suffered from this, like always when I start studying, which makes me suffer.
How do I recover from big hetination?
Do your body movements respond to OCD intrusive thoughts?
I've been diagnosed with bi-polar disorder, what are some food diets that can help me overcome my illness?
How can I hide from others that I'm a psychopath?
How do you deal with anxiety and its effects?
What are the ways to curb social illness (in general)?
Is depersonalization and derealization a type of psychosis?
Without any degrees or licenses, could I create this business idea that I have for Mental Health?
How is sex like with a bipolar person?
What does abandonment feel like for someone with Borderline Personality Disorder, psychologically and physically?
Do separations in life affect the risk of developing schizophrenia?
How do narcissists know to select people who cannot defend their personal boundaries?
I'm always anxious when taking notes. What should I do?
Will Psychopaths fake other personality disorders to confuse their victims?
I feel like hypomanic when only listening to music. Does this mean I'm bipolar and/or manic?
What's the point of living if my depression and anxiety are never going to get better? I'm not contributing to society nor am I really enjoying life.
What kind of book or series could help stigma associated with suicide?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
Are people on the dark web more likely to have some kind of disorder?
Who are the most popular psychologists that work with patients?
Why are people who commit suicide labelled as cowards?
Isn't taking anxiety meds just helping you avoid facing your problems?
I'm depressed and no one will listen to me. What can I do?
How do I help my friend with her eating disorder?
Is CBT useful for high-functioning autistics in late teens? This is about a boy in his late teens. Problematic social behaviours sexual in nature.
What kind of obsessions does a person have if he got both OCD and depression?
How do I tell if I have depression?
My mom thinks that diet and exercise will prevent a psychotic episode. She thinks a lot is in my control. I have schizophreniform. What do you think?
What's the best way to help someone with dissociative identity disorder without making it worse for that individual?
Is a person who hears voices and thinks others are spying on them likely to commit suicide eventually?
Do psychopaths like people who have ASPD?
What medical tests exist for 'cured' for illnesses not caused by a parasite?
Is the contemplation of the meaninglessness of existence an effective cure for depression and embarrassment?
Is the feeling I'm feeling depression or something else?
Should I say “I'm gay” to the psychologist that I go to if I don’t want my mum to know that I am?
How can a schizophrenic go to a hospital instead of a prison?
Is it possible that Hitler had PTSD?
I have a felony record, I suffer from bipolar, and I'm 20, can I save the world?
What would a psychopath’s "world" be like if he/she didn't have to conform to ours?
Why does psychotic depression make you not think right and blame others?
Can constant depression and stress lead to heart attack?
Koko sounds like Quora for mental health. How is it different?
Why would one be so active, enthusiastic, overthink constantly, and be unable to sleep for more than 5 hours?
Is there a specific disability that causes people to develop headaches in crowds?
What do you call the rare mental disorder where you are extremely impressionable and can develop something from researching/thinking too much?
Do you really need to see a psychologist if you know what you have and don't even want to change?
Why do we have different theoretical models to explain mental illness?
What can I do to improve my short-term memory and enhance my ability to retain information?
What is it like to have depression and anxiety (by the definition in the psychology field)?
I am seeing a therapist for depression. Are anti-depressants necessary? Is there such thing as a "mild" anti-depressant?
At what age does signs of mental illness begin to show?
How can one expose a likely malignant narcissist to authorities and other trained professionals when children are on the line?
Can I sue someone for saying I have mental illness and using illegal drugs when I don't and have proof?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Have you heard of a propofol pill used to help with trauma and PTSD from narcissistic abuse?
Would a psychopath make a good model?
Where I can found society of mental brahmacharis?
Are tactile hallucinations ghosts?
Is going through depression a spiritual and karmic test?
What is the difference between emetophobia and OCD?
Why aren’t churches mental-disability friendly?
How do you know if you are raising a sociopath?
Whenever I see a pretty girl, I always imagine she's naked. I'm worried about myself. Do I have a mental disorder? Should I see a doctor?
Can someone recover from BPD?
Why am I usually depressed during most of the day and feel much better in the evenings?
Should I self-harm aloud to force people to like me?
Is there a definitive point in time where we can say Hitler went from sane to insane?
What can I do to get over my anxiety of flying and have a safe, comfortable flight?
How are female hormones linked to social anxiety?
Can a psychopath currently have a psychosis?
If you feel the need to see a professional in relation to your mental health, does that mean you don't really need the help to begin with?
I’m 15. I have anxiety and depression. My parents think I'm a happy kid who does not get sad ever. I have almost no friends. What do I do?
Was Tom Riddle a sociopath or a psychopath?
Is there something I can read or watch that will help when I'm having a panic attack?
Are lefties more prone to mental illness?
How come I have had major hallucinations from Zoloft after two days?
Is there a relationship between depression and apologizing?
Did anyone with BPD get told they were just being teens when they knew that they did have BPD?
Has BPD just singled out those to whom they are close?
What will you tell someone who is going to commit suicide?
Why are some people content to remain isolated and unemployed over a long time, even though it makes them mentally ill?
How likely are schizophrenics to commit suicide?
What are some psychiatric lies?
At what age do most humans begin losing their mental faculties?
What are some things to reflect on or think of that will help cope with thoughts of suicide?
Since learning about people with PD/NPD, why am I still having a hard time understanding that everything I thought I knew about my ex was a lie?
What are people depressed about?
Can a narc take medication or go to therapy to help with their personality disorder?
Why do people with antisocial personality disorders murder?
What's the best way to get someone with borderline personality disorder (BPD) into treatment or Dialectical Behavior Therapy when they don't believe they have a problem in the first place?
What are some tips to cope with social anxiety?
Should I see a therapist for occasional depression/grief and insecurity in relationships?
What is the worst chronic disease to have? I think it's depression or anxiety. I have and have had many other serious illnesses.
How likely are voice hearers to commit suicide?
Has suffering from depression changed?
How would a psychopath react to a killer clown with a machete walking up to him/her?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
What is a natural cure for paranoia?
Is it possible to develop psychopathic traits as a response to your environment?
How can I remain at peace in between my parents' fight? It's taking a toll on my mental health.
What will psychopaths do to someone who succeeded to make them blind, lose both of their hands and legs and let them live that way?
Is it common to fall back into depression if you once where there? How can I avoid to fall back into it?
How do I know if a sociopath is done with me?
To what extent does genetics affect susceptibility to depression?
Do all psychopathic traits have to apply to you to make you a psychopath?
What drives those with PTSD to kill?
Can a bad childhood cause adult survivors to lie excessively and uncontrollably? Is it a mental disorder or just plain human nature?
Solipsism is giving me anxiety and depression for months. What do I do?
How would you explain how it feels to not have a personality disorder to someone with a class B personality disorder?
If a person suffering from multiple personality syndrome developed Alzheimer's, do all the personalities exhibit the same level of impairment?
If a psychiatrist rashly prescribes black box medication to a patient who later commits suicide as a result, can they face serious legal consequences?
Are there any bipolar disorder sufferers who underwent psychoanalysis or psychodynamic therapy and, if so, what is your experience?
How can I deal with stress, depression and boredom?
Is it common for a therapist to visit mental health professionals themselves?
Do psychopaths like seeing gory websites?
How do you know if someone is faking a mental illness?
If a narcissist discards you, is he gone for good?
What is the next therapy session like after a suicide attempt?
How do I continue living without telling anyone about my depression and suicidal thoughts?
Should I see a doctor or psychiatrist regarding my pseudo-Parkinson's symptoms?
Centering on medical studies, are psychopaths born “as psychopaths” or is there always a contributing factor?
Who's worse than a psychopath?
If someone killed a person in a psychopath’s inner circle, would the psychopath kill them, if given the chance? Or would he simply let the authorities handle it?
Can you get a panic attack over a relationship?
Do psychopaths enjoy lying for the thrill?
Why does Pinterest cause depression and even shame in some women?
If one hears sounds that aren't real and sees imaginary people, is he mentally ill or is he experiencing some supernatural powers?
Are narcissists patient when targeting their victims?
How can I get over stress and depression?
Is it possible to just have mania?
Why does low self-esteem lead to depression?
What is the best way you or someone you know has found to manage your anxiety without medication?
Why are SSRIs so effective in treating OCD?
I’m 15 and have severe trust issues. Should I talk to a teacher (who has recently been asking if something’s wrong) about my mom being mentally abusive towards me?
Is narcissistic personality disorder a common personality disorder serial killers have?
How do you get a depressed person to talk to you, especially if it's your mother-in-law?
Can a sociopath choose to be a good person?
Is it possible for a person to forget someone with whom he or she was mentally attached?
Do you think it's okay to talk about someone because they're a little mentally slow, or is it insensitive?
How can you convince your parents to get you diagnosed as a psychopath/sociopath?
How can I get medical help for my father with Alzheimer’s/dementia? What can we do to bring about his memory?
Can a person with multiple personality disorder have different personality disorders in each of his personalities?
Can anyone help me with what to say to people about why I went no contact with NPD/BPD family?
What percent of people who struggle with anxiety/depression as adults came from an abusive childhood, and why do you think that is?
Can someone die from depression alone?
What is a psychopath in simple terms?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What is the treatment for mild paranoid schizophrenia?
What should I do to keep myself from having more depression break downs?
What I have to do for get rid of stress and depression?
Would a covert narcissist ever give up finding supply because he feels he ruins people's lives?
What is my best option when I am being mentally abused in India?
Does a sociopath or psychopath's face truly morph when they transfer into one of their other personalities?
Why is psychological health often ignored?
How do you explain that depression is a feeling, directed by brain chemistry, that doesn't go away no matter what action is taken?
How do I become mentally strong to increase my memory power?
How does one get a Psychiatric Service Dog?
Learning how to program is making me depressed, why?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
What are some symptoms of a person with Paranoid personality disorder?
Is it worth visiting a Jero Mangku healer on Bali and how does it work?
What's the most common symptom of manic episode?
Dear psychopaths/sociopaths, do you think it's possible to feel and simultaneously be "completely" logical?
Why is my narcissistic ex-husband starting to be nice to me?
Sometimes when I'm really tired I have insane focus. Why is that?
I consciously employ influence psychology to get what I want, am I a psychopath?
Is suicide illegal where you live? If so, how do people get help there?
I’m 24 and really want to die because of manic depression and social and normal anxiety. What should I do?
What disorder has symptoms like repetition of words, language problems (language is not clear), and emotional problems?
What medications are prescribed when a person suffers from PTSD and severe anxiety?
I'm being diagnosed for anxiety and depression. Is it okay to skip the course once in a while?
Is it possible to develop DID (dissociative identity disorder) as an adult or only as a child?
How many people reading this have been diagnosed with a Primary Immunodeficiency?
How can I cope with depression and stress, as I am fed up with my life's ups and downs?
How should I tell my friends and family to understand I have severe depression and anxiety? My friends know I cut myself and think I stopped.
Can mapping the human connectome lead to a concrete understanding of mental illness?
How do you perceive people with BPD?
What effect may a FTM transition have on my friend's anxiety, depression, and gender dysphoria?
Are there people in India with borderline personality disorder?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
I am not able to forget the girl I love (who rejected me) and I am in constant depression and suffer from panic attacks most nights. What should I do?
Under what circumstances and to whom do people with intermittent explosive disorder act with fury?
Is borderline/narcissist silent treatment harder to endure for people with OCD?
Is there any rehabilitation center in Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
Has burnout been classified as a medical condition or a mental illness? If not why not?
Are there any consequences to having mental illness diagnoses in your medical records?
Who experiences euthymic/stable state longer? Schizophrenics or people with bipolar disorder?
Should I share my depression with my one and only friend?
What have been the most helpful words or deeds in helping you to overcome mental problems?
What should a boy do if he is suffering from a mobile addiction?
Is it fair to ask suicidal people to carry on living?
The breathing techniques discovered by Wim Hof can help eliminate depression and anxiety, but can it send blood flowing to anywhere in the body?
I was told that having "fur-babies" or pets as replacement for having children should be considered a mental disorder. What is your opinion on this?
Can lack of control of something in life lead to depression?
Is looking in the mirror a lot at yourself a sign of bipolar mania? Is it just like narcissism, or is it both narcissism and mania?
Have you ever tried to commit suicide, and why?
How can I completely stop overthinking?
Does lithium really work for depression?
What is the best way to overcome a really traumatic experience?
Do psychopaths have an innate desire to breed? Do they lust? Do psychopaths enjoy watching pornography? What are the sexual lives of psychopaths like?
Will somebody please shout out 3 awesome things about anyone you know with BPD? Can't we be good parents & friends, too? Can our loyalty be duly noted?
Is it offensive to say someone is "a little bit OCD" or "bipolar" or "ADD" or "schizo" or "psycho" if the person doesn't really have these disorders?
Is it common for people with borderline personality disorder to be brutally honest even when it does them harm?
What is OCD and how to treat it?
Why do people want to be psychopaths? Or have any mental illness for that matter?
How can I cope with day and night bruxism due to anxiety and stress until I can see a doctor about it?
What can I do if I am always anxious and shy?
Does being in a mental hospital benefit the patient?
What is it like to have dysthymic depression and borderline personality disorder?
Why is the depression level high in Iran?
What's the best way of bootstrapping when you're really depressed?
What shall I say to the people that tease and patronise my friend who has a lower mental age?
Do anxiety/depression and sleep deprivation have the same side effects as weed?
Why does anxiety cause tiredness?
Why does pole dancing burn so much when you start out? Will it ever go away?
Does the thought of the average human life depress most people, i.e. eat, sleep, school, and work, etc.?
Why am I not able to concentrate on anything? Is it a sign of having psychological issues?
How come my mother displayed narcissistic behavior to my husband and not to other people?
What are some ways to not let others disturb our mental peace?
How do you lull a psychopath to sleep?
What are some treatments for social anxiety disorder?
What are the physical ways to reduce tension and anxiety before and during the exam days?
What exactly is eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), and how likely is it to help with PTSD?
What would your life be like if you suddenly no longer had BPD?
Do psychopaths use pets as implements for their masks?
Is it possible that my OCD is causing me to obsess about people from my past?
If a therapist can't work with someone that they're attracted to, does that mean my therapist isn't attracted to me?
I am terrified of living. I live in constant dread, fear, anxiety and depression. What can I do?
Should a child born with a deformity (either mental or physical, or both) have the right to live in an already overpopulated world?
How do I get rid of the sensation of my head spinning? It’s been happening for 1 week because of anxiety.
What should be done in case if a person is fighting depression and can not consult a psychiatrist?
How can we be fit mentally and physically?
What is the best time table or daily routine for maintaining mental and physical health for a family person?
Is eating only once a day a sign of an eating disorder?
What are psychopaths’ interests?
What do you think about Waldo Bernasconi and Neo-Reichian analytic psychotherapy, the therapy of five motions? Is it scientific?
Why are my coping mechanisms regressing?
Do you think that Dr. Amit Gupta is mentally disturbed these days?
What keeps suicidal people going?
What are some of the best research papers into the effects of cannabis use on the mental health of adolescents?
Why do I keep talking to my myself and my bad thoughts?
I often feel depressed thinking about the future. Knowing that people I am close with will be gone (ex. deceased, moved, etc.). Is this normal?
How do you deal with a partner who thinks your mental illness is something you do on purpose?
From an atheist perspective, can we consider religious practices as a mental disorder?
How can I talk my depressed girlfriend into getting help?
What can I do to stop being a schizoid?
Where can I find a good psychologist in Jaipur for eating disorders?
I feel severely depressed, what can I do?
Scientifically, can a person suffer from boredom?
Can I be denied mental health services in jail?
If someone is in a depression, trauma or any other mental cause, then is counselling/psychiatric treatment required?
How do I deal with anxiety without running from it?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager forever and improve my life?
Why do I get sudden rushes of adrenaline?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
When should one take meds for mental disorder?
Can getting made fun of too much cause mental illness?
How do I approach or set up an appointment for bipolar disorder? I was diagnosed in 2013, but I never continued treatment.
How can I get over my severe social anxiety enough to not mess up every relationship I have before they even have a chance to be something?
How does it feel to not have social anxiety?
What is the significance of the exposure therapy when treating phobias?
Should I stop gaming to get better grades and stop my depression?
How was the LGBT movement converted into a byproduct of genetics, and not a symptom of mental illness?
How does a psychiatrist choose between diagnosing a patient with NPD versus a diagnosis as a sociopath?
Will a separation from your parents help you to get over depression?
What would happen if I was misdiagnosed as bipolar and took Seroquel for 3 nights (50m, 50mg, and 100mg) for this condition and for insomnia?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder ever feel remorse?
When does the onset of schizophrenia begin? Is it noticeable at first?
Are more people depressed than ever or am I incorrectly perceiving the world that way due to myself being so depressed?
How do I fight PMS-related depression? I also suffer from hypothyroidism which causes frequent bouts of depression.
My father is schizophrenic, what will happen to me?
What are some common traits that people confuse between psychopaths and sociopaths?
How long does depression last. Does it end or you learn to live with it?
Why do I self harm?
Why is depression sometimes sexually appealling?
What are alternatives when therapy exacerbates rather than mitigates?
Does anyone else feel anxious when your cellphone rings?
What is the best natural stress relief for ptsd?
Do other sociopaths also suffer from getting bored to fast from certain songs, they actually admire?
Are impressed and depressed related in anyway?
Does it mean that you were a low-functioning psychopath when you behaved impulsively and ruthlessly as a teenager?
What should I do when I feel depressed? If someone talks to me, I end up saying something which is hurting. What should I do?
Is it possible to date someone with BPD and to not be always anxious of accidentally saying the wrong thing?
Can depression (or other mental illnesses) cause your body to function differently (e.g., how tall you grow, your metabolism, how your cells work)?
Is there any help I can get regarding my mental health for free in Delhi?
What is the cause of the mental depression that the world is going through?
How do psychopaths and people with ASPD deal with boredom?
How are the different types of mental disorders treated?
Why do some specialists give titles to the people that are suffering from a mental disorder if behaviours are changeable by own good will?
Now that we know what Trump will do as President of the United States, at what point will enough be enough? He is a cheat, liar and mentally unstable!
Do psychopaths make good shoplifters and are they better at it than neurotypicals?
Why is mental illness used as an excuse by some abusers?
Does prenatal depression affect the baby?
How much should you rest in a day?
Can shadow work or working with the shadow self help cure intrusive thoughts?
Why am I feeling anxiety about a kiss I did not consent to?
What is a functional movement disorder?
How long will it take until people with mental illnesses are treated like regular humans?
Sometimes in our lives we get depressed. What are the different reasons for depression?
Does criticism become less painful for someone with BPD when they make progress in their disorder?
If I stop eating and drinking, will I be severely thin in five months?
What is the difference between aspergers syndrome and generalized/social anxiety disorder?
How can I deal with OCD, ADD, and bipolar disorder?
Does the government offer medical licenses to aspirants who are diagnosed with psychiatric conditions?
Is it possible to lead a meaningful life with a severe mental illness?
Is Dota 2 a fun and addicting game that can keep me restrained from thinking about depression?
What is the savest and "easiest" way to commit suicide?
What role can technology play in helping people who suffer from depression?
What are the things which can give you mental peace?
How can I control distractions which I encounter during depression or overloaded happiness?
Can you go insane from an internet video?
How can I be a good friend to someone with depression?
Can overthinking past mistakes turn you into a depressed person?
How do I safely ask for help when I have a dependent personality disorder?
Besides the obvious medications and therapy, what activities, supplements, decisions, etc. have helped you live a meaningful life despite having BPD?
Which Naruto characters are sociopaths?
Why do some people tend to attract people with personality disorders into their life?
I’m low on money, but I paid all my bills this month. I don't want to go to work. What should I do?
What is the point of trying when people are bloodthirsty and crazy?
Is psychosis, paranoia and persecutory delusions more common among bipolar I or bipolar II?
Does inactivation of the mGluR5 receptor in OCD patients help stop obsessions or only compulsions?
I think my wife has a mental disorder or is bipolar. It's affecting our kids and ruining our marriage. How do I get her to stop?
Why are teenagers more susceptible to depression than adults?
How will they diagnose dissociative identity disorder professionally? Do they run any machines or do they just ask questions and provide surveys?
I was left by a woman who couldn't understand that all I wanted was a trustworthy and loyal partner. Could my BPD been the cause of her infidelity?
Why mental health matters to global health?
I'm only fourteen, and I think I'm depressed. What do I do?
What do people who are unable to work (due to illness) do to fill their days?
Are sociopaths typically hotheaded?
Do my parents have to be notified if I want to see a therapist privately?
My dog died last night and now I’m depressed, what can I do?
Is anxiety linked to baldness?
Why were people with mental illness abused in the past, and currently in some countries?
When it comes to prescribed medications to treat mental illness, what is the difference between being dependant and being addicted?
Where can I find more information on a psychological therapy method called "rescue therapy"?
Do people with bipolar disorder during grandiose state behave like they know it all just like narcissists?
What are alternatives to lorazepam to treat an anxiety disorder?
Is "Latah" a neurogical disorder? And can it be cured?
Do female psychopaths exist?
I'm sure I used to suffer from OCD when I was a child. How do I tell my parents this?
What are the reasons of someone with BPD getting fired from work?
Why doesn't the mental health system work?
Do therapists recommended different clothing to their patients?
How is stress related to mental illness?
How do I deal with being diagnosed with schizophreniform disorder?
How many of you have thought of committing suicide, and why? And what stopped you from going ahead?
How do I tell my boss I have depression and anxiety and will need time off to go to therapy appointments?
Could bipolar disorder and GAD cause one’s personality type to alternate between ENTP and ENFP?
Can you make yourself manic?
According to some studies, people with bipolar disorder have increased empathic concern. If so, do bipolar narcissists have more empathic abilities?
How can I find out whether I'm disturbed or depressed?
Why do some psychopathic traits don't apply to every psychopath?
How do you, as a bipolar diagnosed, feel that the "disorder" is affecting relationships?
How do I deal with my 26 year old brother that is immature but also suffers from intense depression?
I live in the UK. If I get diagnosed with depression, will I get signed off work?
Is anxiety normal when switching from Sertraline to Escitalopram?
How can I cure a dissociative disorder?
How can I help a suicidal/depressed person who already has professional help?
What is some advice for someone with BPD who is trying to recover?
How does it feel to have bipolar disorder along with borderline personality disorder?
Does describing a narcissist's abusive behavior to a mutual friend count as narcissistic supply?
How can I get excited when I need to stay calm in order to prevent triggering anxiety?
I have a lot of anxiety over presentations and social interaction. How can I overcome this?
Is there at least one atheist or agnostic psychotherapist, counselor, psychiatrist, or other mental health professional working in Nairobi?
Do you ever really get out of depression and being suicidal and self harming if you don't go to a doctor?
What should I do if I self-harm but don’t know why?
How do I change my sister's mentality?
Can anxiety cause loss of sensation in hands?
As man I have always faced difficulty because I'm short. Should I prevent myself from having children of my own because they might suffer like me?
How can one become a mentally strong person, like someone who doesn't care about what others think and can handle stress easily?
Do people with BPD realize when they are emotionally manipulating their partner?
Why do people with BPD deny having BPD?
My mother won't let me sleep for more than 6 hours. Is this bad for my mental and physical health?
Might a person with BPD fake hallucinations and psychosis to get what they want (love, attention, or forgiveness)?
Recently, my parents suffered a huge financial loss of 70 lacs Rs? Both of them are inconsolable and are in a deep depression. What should I do?
How do makers of apps & digital services for people with depression design to keep those depressed people from simply retreating into the technology?
What is myeloproliferative disorder?
How does someone personally deal with a sleep-related eating disorder?
Is anyone in Pakistan living with severe social anxiety disorder?
What disorder (mental) would make a person show no facial expressions?
What are good free resources to help someone with borderline personality disorder? And how do you get someone with BPD to get help?
My friend who lives far away wants to commit suicide. What do I do?
What are some daily things you can do that make you mentally stronger?
Why do people in India neglect mental health and visiting a psychiatrist is considered more of a taboo?
How do you tell an NPD parent that they are NPD and still have a relationship?
Do psychopaths ever feel smug? If so, when?
Seeing as how psychopathy isn't a diagnosable condition, what were psychopaths diagnosed with?
Why do happy people tend to refuse medication when falling ill?
Just how mentally ill do psychologists and therapists believe Trump to be?
Can poverty be related to psychological disorder? (In any possible way)?
What are the psychological effects of humiliation and embarrassment?
What hapens when a psychopath grows up in a good environment and is taught to feel empathy and not to hurt or manipulate others?
After recovering from depression, how do I regain the full cognitive ability and strength I once had?
Who volunteers in a support group for people with depression?
How is meditation viewed in religion?
Has anyone ever been insanely manipulated by a psychopath? I ruined my life trying to help someone who is beyond help.
What do I say that can influence someone to not kill themselves, and talk to someone who knows how to help depressed people in real life?
Is the serotonin hypothesis about OCD the strongest one?
What are some uncommon psychological disorders?
Why do people suffer from depression?
How do I help a friend who is suicidal but terrified of therapists?
What happens to one’s body if it gets too little sleep (too few hours) for a longer time frame?
How much time does it take to diagnose HFA?
How can I help a friend who might be depressed?
What are people’s experiences with recovering from overtraining syndrome?
How do I get a girlfriend when I'm depressed?
I want do be put in psychiatric hold so someone will finally see I have a problem with depression and maybe bipolar 2. Should I do it? If so how?
In the UK, what is the legal/medical term for a high functioning psychopath or someone who has those traits?
Are people with borderline disorder delusional, or do they often misinterpret what is being said and what is actually meant by that?
How do I overcome depression after a bad performance in NEET?
What is the safest and easiest way to commit suicide?
How have your son's struggles with schizophrenia affected your opinion of the condition (not of the people afflicted with it)?
What are the different types of mental disorders?
How can one become a monk? Is it the displeasure for worldliness or is it simply another phase of depression that leads one to think that way?
Why do I get depressed when I get anxious about something? My fiancé will be on a different shift soon, right now I'm upset, but nothing has happened.
Is Neurofeedback (to treat anxiety) safe?
What is the solution if a depressed person refuses to consult doctor and the person is harming the family?
How do psychopaths feel about justice?
Is it common to not feel loved by a borderline type?
As a therapist, has a patient ever straight up lied to you?
How does a psychologist make a differential diagnosis between NPD and OCPD? Considering the controlling nature of both disorders.
Do sociopaths and psychopaths like dank memes?
Can crazy people ever become sane again?
Does an anxiety attack make ADHD symptoms worse?
Do I have anxiety disorder when I told my mom I was ill so I didn't have to go to school since I would've been late and I would be stared at in class?
How do I know if it’s depression or bipolar issues?
Why do people suffering from anxiety fear they have gone crazy and are just hallucinating their whole life?
Is mental ability also a part of BITSAT?
Is there anyone suffering from generalized anxiety disorder in Bhopal?
What do psychopaths think about suicide?
How would someone self harm in the summer?
Is the way Christians relate to suffering different from the way in which people with other belief systems relate to suffering?
How did you discover that your crazy partner may have borderline personality disorder?
Do people with BPD regret their anger?
Is it homophobic to say that homosexuality isn't innate but rather a psychological disorder which in many cases, is curable?
Self pity seems a self defeating behavior. How can someone be encouraged to break free of it? Thinking mainly of people with personality disorders.
When does a proposed disorder becomes an official disorder? And where do you check if it's really officially recognized in medicine?
Is it bad that I resent my mentally ill sister, after she dropped out of two universities, leaving us broke?
Do you believe it is better for a client to plan what to discuss in a psychotherapy session or just allow things to "naturally" unfold?
How do I deal with my husband's extreme sloppiness?
Can bipolar I disorder comorbid with bipolar II disorder?
How do I tell this girl at school that vaccines don't cause the illnesses that they're supposed to prevent?
I want to make a company of psychopaths, how do I do it?
I feel depressed at times, but perfectly fine. My depression comes along at sporadic times, usually small things sparking it. Am I bipolar?
Are there people of the 'too lazy to commit suicide' variety?
Can I become a therapist if I have social anxiety?
What is the relationship between executive function and depression?
Can weed trigger anxiety problems that would last for months?
What's the best strategy to overcome bpd without a therapist?
Why is it that a large percentage of people that commit suicide, do it by hanging themselves? It seems there are a lot better options.
Why do so many people assume finding love will cure depression?
How would you deal with living with a depressed, suffering flat mate who does not engage in social norms?
What are the traits/characteristics of a mentally, psychologically healthy/balanced/strong person?
Are there differences in someone being bipolar and someone having BPD, and if so, what are they?
Why should I live if mental illness ruined my life?
Can life experiences turn someone into a psychopath?
If a small child was molested, would he develop a mental illness?
I have been having suicidal thoughts and intents for a while now. Should I just ignore this? If I had access to ways to successfully do it I would.
Which mental illnesses cause libido to increase?
How do anti-depression pills work in our bodies?
Can a diagnosed sociopath or psychopath become a social worker/therapist/psychologist?
How were people with mental illnesses treated during WWII?
Why do SSRIs work on obsessions?
What is psychological abuse?
I've been depressed for 3 years now. I'm considering suicide. What should I do?
How should a healthy person feel upon waking up, physically, mentally and emotionally?
Is it possible to have the opposite of postpartum depression? (i.e. the period after birth is the only time you feel "normal"?)
Psychopaths: how did your inner circle find out your diagnosis and how did they react?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
I am depressed at school, what can I do?
If POTUS were to be effectively incapacitated by a mental condition, such as senile dementia, how would the government administration deal with this?
How do you leave someone with BPD?
How can we get longterm relief from depression without medication?
Is grandiosity a symptom of psychosis?
What can I do if I'm trauma bonded with my ex-narcissist?
Are murderers with mental illnesses simply discharged?
What is the difference between having "schizoid personality disorder" and being "emotionally detached"?
What's the best way to ease the feeling of someone in anxiety or depression?
What do you think of Onision's video "10+ Signs You're A Psychopath"?
Is it possible to make a psychopath angry and lash out?
Why do I wish I was a psychopath?
As per Islam, life and death are in God's hands, then why are people able to take their own lives?
Who is coping with a mental disorder? How old are you? What is it and how do you cope?
Why don't mentally healthy people have mercy towards people who have mental illnesses?
What are meditation techniques used to overcome anxiety?
How can I cope with depression/manic bipolar episodes without seeing a shrink (I can't afford Obama Care)?
How long did it take you to get over your depression and become happy again?
How can I treat my obsessive love disorder?
Could depression be rooted in lack of gratitude?
Are you really co-dependent or did you end up in a co-dependent relationship with a borderline without realizing it?
What are the best scientific ways to stop neurological decline?
What is your trauma?
How did your father react when he knew you are a psychopath?
Is there any good reason to stop taking ecstasy/MDMA?
How can I convince my mom to get help for her mental illness?
Why are schizoids (schizoid personality disorder) so weird?
Why do many students suffer from mathematics phobia?
Would a high-functioning person with sexual sadism disorder have foresight, impulse control, and live by the law?
Is it possible to have mild bipolar or anxiety?
Is there any type of OCD that happens only when you are on the internet (let’s say an internet sub-type of OCD)?
What does one have to do to be in a mental hospital? Can one voluntarily go? If not, what can one do to be forced into one?
Do only depressed people think of committing suicide?
What if I diagnosed my partner as a narcissit wrongly?
How should I tackle terrible social anxiety in university?
What are some of the more unusual ways people have committed suicide?
I find it difficult to speak about anything when I see my counsellor. How can I overcomes this besides coming off medication?
What happens when you get diagnosed with anti-social personality disorder/psychopathy? What tests are involved, time length, etc.?
Where can I find a therapist in NYC to help me deal with several psycho-sexual and dating hangups that I have?
Should I continue having my talking therapy even if I don't need it?
When are you tempted to stop taking your psychiatric medications in order to feel more brilliant?
How does Phenergan treat anxiety?
How many different types of narcissism are there and what are they?
Does being diagnosed with a mental disorder as a teenager affect the chance of becoming an astronaut?
Can a psychopath have depression induced by substance abuse or addiction?
I think my anxiety is causing depression. I do not know what to do. My parents think depression is a way of getting attention. What should I do?
What does being in a depression feel like? I feel like I am depressed.
What are the risks of exaggerating bisexuality in oneself as a form of exposure therapy?
Is there any psychotherapist online for counselling? Who is the best?
What type of paranoia commonly occurs in bipolar disorder?
Is a person with bipolar and narcissistic disorder more apt to have abusive tendencies towards a partner?
I graduated from high school. What do I do now?
Is it possible to be a psychopath and have schizoaffective disorder?
Does the stable state last longer in schizophrenia or in bipolar disorder?
Is it just depression if you have absolutely no will to live?
Can an autistic person become a therapist?
At what age can someone be clinically diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder?
Why do my psychiatric symptoms appear only after noon?
Is there any real hope that a female sociopath can change if they admit their ways and are sorrowful?
Is there another difference between bipolar type 1 and type 2 besides the severity of the two disorders?
I have a powerful urge to jump off my balcony. I'm not suicidal but the urge is so powerful, that it makes me panic. What is wrong with me?
May is Mental Health Month, so why place a label on people? Why is there such a stigma?
If doctors were diagnosed with their specialty, how would they want to be treated physically, emotionally, and mentally?
Do you have any advice for an adult waiting on a diagnosis of autism?
This world is conditional, and we are only wanted if we are useful, so how can someone be labeled as "depressed," when it makes sense to feel down about life?
How can I transform myself to become my greatest version physically and mentally?
I always find myself either wanting things to be perfect or not wanting anything at all. This gets me depressed. What should I do?
Statistically speaking, what percentage of homeless people have a mental illness?
Can OCD be treated with medication?
What would happen if everyone fell into a deep depression?
What does compulsive mean?
Is it possible to "turn" into a sociopath later in life if you've been through traumatic experiences, have traits, but still feel empathy?
If a person enjoyed being out a lot at night, might that indicate a mental illness?
Are these symptoms a sign of a mental disorder?
What can I do for someone who has depression?
Why does suicide feel like the only way out? I would be sparing myself mentally and emotionally. Am I just defected, or am I just normal?
How do I, as a clinically depressed person, get through to my narcissistic brother, who is coming to visit? He has no clue how stressful it will be for me.
My father thinks my clinically diagnosed ADHD is fake and has been prohibiting me from getting medicine. What should I tell him?
Why do I zone out so often and is it a cause for worry?
How can you treat/cure a specific case of depression?
What are some key differences between different severities of ADHD? Mild-moderate-severe?
Are there some people that therapy cannot help/ some mental illnesses that cannot be eliminated?
Why does isolation drive someone insane?
Is it any better or worse for recovery to try and resist the symptoms of drug-induced movement disorders?
How do I ask for help when I am depressed and always sabotage myself?
How can we tell if a client is suffering from BPD rather than being extremely anxious-preoccupied?
What is the best doTERRA oil for treating anxiety?
What's the story behind Spoony's mental health issues?
What kind of therapy would you suggest when recovering from the trauma of a BPD/NPD relationship?
Has anyone went to therapy thinking they have a mental illness and were really suffering, then found out they are fine and just exaggerating?
What will happen to me mentally and physically if I continue to suppress my negative emotions?
If someone told a therapist that they had been spoken to by god, how would they be diagnosed?
How does Cymbalta treat bipolar disorder?
Could autism and some other mental health issues be the next stage in evolution?
What is homosexual obsessive compulsive disorder (HOCD)?
What is bipolar? How does it feel? Because I’m not sure if I suffer from it.
What is the psychological reason for anxiety caused by unread text messages?
Are there any known people who could be sociopaths (not psychopaths)?
I feel very depressed and useless. How do I prevent suicide?
Is Abbas Naderi a psychopath?
How do you stay mentally strong around negative people?
Would it make sense to prescribe someone with mixed depression/anxiety a stimulant like amphetamine plus a non sedating anxyolitic such as buspirone?
Will my "depression" ever go away? I'm supposedly bipolar, and I say it that way because I feel that borderline mental illness might not be real.
What do psychopaths think of the game 'Blue Whale'?
I feel like I'm becoming less intelligent over time. Is this a form of mental illness?
Is 'compulsive lying' a medical disorder?
Do people with bipolar disorder find that their creativity decreases or is lost due to the effects of psychiatric medication?
What sorts of thoughts run through your mind when you see a mentally disabled person?
Why does my social anxiety go away when I speak another language?
How can I ensure my overall mental development?
How we can reduce suicide while under depression?
Do we have any responsibility towards depressive people, and how do we fulfill this?
Can a psychopath feel irritability or something when they don’t get enough sleep?
What should I do about my extreme social anxiety?
Do you tend to feel miserable with having schizoaffective disorder?
Does everyone feel depressed at some point in their lives and does it ever go away?
How can you convince your mom that your brother has depression?
Is social anxiety a mental disorder or a mindset?
Is it possible that my OCD is getting worse even if my mood is getting a lot better?
Why does my mom self-diagnose herself with OCD?
How did transgender people survive the mental anguish in centuries past when no medical intervention was available?
Can someone with social anxiety become a psychologist?
How many people suffer from mild depression globally?
How do you recover from severe depression with no support system?
Why did humans develop mentally more than physically?
What neurotypical behaviors are most puzzling to psychopaths?
Can anxiety be traumatizing?
How can I divert my attention from a life problem which causes depression?
Would you break up with someone living with depression and social anxiety?
Am I bipolar? Sometimes, out of nowhere certain things trigger severe depression and wouldn't go away the whole day.
Why do I get depressed when I'm on the Internet for a long time?
Depression has made me a better person. Without trying to "get rid of it", what are some ways to manage it?
How do you deal with anxiety/constantly not feeling good enough?
Why does my wife incist on me having shaved genitals?
Do people with BPD ‘love bomb’ like narcissists?
How do I overcome depression due to delay in getting pregnant?
Can someone with BPD avoid relationships and not be codependent?
How does PTSD affect tenants in the home?
I just lost my job, my mom is dead, I've been going through mental problems. What should I do?
Should you let a narcissist know he broke your heart?
How can you overcome and/or thrive while having Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
What would happen if I stopped taking all my bipolar medicines?
Is anime safe for people with depression?
My husband is very ill, how can I get a good specialist to treat him?
Can you get your looks back after depression?
My parents are never going to accept the fact that I'm in severe depression who needs a treatment. What should I do?
How can I check to see if my mental health is good?
What can I do about my huge depression from being 8 years behind in my career?
What is known as the study of emotions?
What do I do if my depression and anxiety are keeping someone from wanting a relationship with me?
Can the voices that a schizophrenic hears be friendly or are they always harsh?
What are some strategies to have better resistance to mental abuse?
Aren't the people who aid & abet severely obese, bedridden family members mentally ill?
I was wondering if I may be considered to have OCD?
What are the ways to overcome depression after failing consecutive exams even after working hard for it?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
What makes you get over depression faster?
How do I cope up with the stress from JEE prepartion?
What are some ways to relax your mind out of all of your anxiety and stress?
Can a psychopath tell that they're a psychopath before they've been diagnosed?
Will my marks increase or decrease after verification in SSC?
How can I cure low sperm count due to stress, anxiety and depression?
What symptoms does a person with Pellagra have?
Why do people suffering depression push other people away?
Do people act crazy to stay sane?
Does Ayahuasca cure anxiety?
Can a person who is severely depressed be worthy of love and consideration?
How do I write an appeal letter to get into the Army Reserves when failing on the medical for recurrent depression (very mild)?
What narcissistic trait do BDP men have?
Do some people without mental illnesses feel that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live?
What are some celebrities with multiple personality disorder?
Which zodiac signs are likely to be psychopaths and sociopaths?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
What would you say is the worst thing about being a sociopath/psychopath?
Can I cure a derealization disorder by not thinking about the things that caused it?
Why does BC have the highest number of hospital visits due to mental illness?
Have people completely recovered after depression?
If you commit suicide, where would you go?
Can bipolar disorder be self diagnosed?
Have you ever wished for depression? Why or why not?
Which environmental theory of mental illness is the most intriguing to you, and why?
What is insanity and at which point can a person be classified as "medically insane"?
I am 30 years old. I am suffering from pure OCD. I just have obsessions and rare compulsions. I tried medicines, yoga, but nothing’s helping. What do I do?
How do I get away from depression? I just came out of a depression but now once again it has hit me.
If someone assaults someone because they are mentally disabled, would the charges be any different?
How do I make myself better in just one month? How do I overcome my depression and make myself happy?
I want to be a music producer, but every time I come across an answer which has IIT in it, I feel depressed. What should I do?
Why does it seem that mental health/personality disorders are on the rise?
What are the best multivitamins to prevent Alzheimer's/dementia?
Are there any treatment centres that specialise in addiction and borderline personality disorder comorbidity?
If you had to pick someone with a mental disorder to become your significant other, what disorder would it be?
How can I keep nicotine from causing me anxiety?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
Do covert narcissists really think THEY are the ones being subjected to toxic, gaslighting, crazy making people or do they know they are projecting?
Do I have to accept the fact that I'm never going to overcome depression?
How do I self harm?
How do I help my sibling find success, deal with 6 years of depression and stop his suicidal thoughts due to a low undergrad GPA?
How do I tell my family that I have depression and want help?
What are the best methods to improve Depression and anxiety without Meds?
Is listening to music good or bad for our mental health?
Who thinks that Alexis Ren has an eating disorder?
Are weird thoughts caused by anxiety and depression?
How can I get out of depression when it feels like nothing matters anymore and that no one actually cares?
What causes bipolar?
How do other people really look at mentally ill people?
What's the cheapest, easiest and best way to commit suicide? Don't give me suicide prevention stuff.
What do you think about starting to go to a psychiatrist or psychologist if I feel like I'm having some serious problems with my mental health?
When a psychologist develops a mental disorder, do they give therapy to themselves?
How do I know that if I have depression or not?
What are the main challenges with patient feedback in mental health services?
Do psychopaths let people walk over them because they don't care enough to do anything about it?
How does it feel to fully recover from a serious clinical depression that lasts a few years or more? Is it really possible to live in a normal way afterwards?
Why do people throw around terms like "sociopath" and "psychopath" without knowing what they truly mean?
How do I know if someone is bipolar?
Can psychopaths comprehend the experience of emotion?
Is it allowed for a therapist to be friends with their clients after therapy is over?
How can you help someone else with their PTSD flashback?
What are some of the best stories about schizophrenia?
I think I am depressed. What can I do?
How do I stop being a jerk when I am depressed?
Is it possible for me to overcome severe depression caused by ragging?
Is writing to relieve OCD related anxiety counterproductive in this case?
Does depression impair working memory?
What are the chances of me getting bipolar disorder since my birth mom has it, and is there a way I can make my chances lower?
Is it hard to get into clinical mental counseling programs?
How do I get cured from stress? I got BP and now my head spins in the morning. I am working in a good MNC. My dream is to become an entrepreneur. I am confused about whether to quit my job and work for a startup.
How can we help someone with postpartum depression?
How long did it take you to really "see" all the symptoms and behaviors of your mental health diagnosis?
I’m drowning from social anxiety. What should I do?
What are some useful lists to commit to memory for mental/speed math?
I am feeling really hopeless, what shall I do?
What is complex PTSD and how does it affect the growth and functionality in an individual?
What were you depressed about?
Is it possible for some psychopaths to have shallow empathy/remorse or is the underdevelopment of the amygdala an all or nothing situation?
How can I cope with the fact that there are insane people out there?
Why are members of ISIS not in mental hospitals or prison?
What happens if an airline asks "is there a doctor aboard" and a mentally ill fraud gets up to "help" a heart attack victim, who is responsible?
How do I stop myself from worrying that I might have cancer, which causes a lot of anxiety?
Can getting raped and molested as a child cause bipolar disorder later in life?
How should I tell my parents I have anxiety?
How do I help my boyfriend with his mental illnesses?
Has anyone ever scored the maximum points on a depression test?
Would psychopaths become a neurotypical person for just one day in order to understand them better?
What is the worst thing that could come from intense anxiety?
How can I live without depression?
Is drinking a sign of depression?
Can you get depressed after too much pressure?
How badly do people with BPD experience paranoia?
What is it like to be diagnosed with both ADHD and a mood disorder?
Is there any illness that causes one to steal money always?
Am I mentally strong if I always hold my tears in front of other people?
What should I do as a person who has depression and experiences heartbreak?
Will a person with ankylosing spondylitis become disabled & bend forward eventually?
I am so depressed at this moment. What should​ I do?
What is the best way to break up with a narcissist/psychopath?
As an unemployee, how do you overcome the mental pressure?
How does one cope with stress in law school?
Does weed make a mental illness worse?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
Can you help a psychopath?
How do psychopaths deal with anxiety?
How can I be ok with letting someone in?
Which is better for anxiety - allopathy, Ayurveda, or homeopathy? I am suffering from anxiety, but I don't want to take tablets that will control my thoughts.
How long does euthymia last in bipolar disorder?
3 years ago, I ended an abusive relationship. At times, I still have PTSD symptoms. Is it normal, and will it ever go away on its own?
Do you believe there is a major difference in recovery from mental illness for those of higher intellect?
How can I keep my social relationships when I have anxiety/depression? I'm losing everyone and I'm the one pushing them away. I'm not in control anymore.
Why do mentally ill people use the illness as an excuse?
How can people with borderline personality disorder handle the death of a loved one?
How does it feel when you get out of depression?
I remember hating people very quickly when I was a child. Why was that? Is it normal?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths ever fake cry, when getting in trouble as children?
What is the best cure for 'Performance anxiety'?
What are some ways to tell whether someone has mental health issues?
What are some good methods that can relieve you from anxiety?
How common is it for abusive parents to have their children misdiagnosed with mental illnesses as a method of avoiding responsibility?
How do I get over anxiety and increase my confidence about driving?
Would some jobs be forbidden for me if I would go to a therapist who might diagnose ASPD on me?
I am 100% sure that I have ASPD, I want to go to a therapist but I don't want my mother to know, what should I do?
Is it bad that I treat my social anxiety as a human being to help cope with it?
How do I deal with anxious partner?
Did you struggle with depression as a teenager? Do you feel you still battle it as an adult?
Every social interaction I have is fake on my end (not manipulation, I could just care less) is this similar to psychopathy or sociopathy?
How do I help my suicidal and depressed brother?
I’m going through depression. I have really mean classmates. I feel suicidal. No one gets how I feel. How to I stop this from affecting my studies?
Do people with borderline personality disorder get very jealous?
Why do some Asian people not believe in mental illnesses?
Why does depression lead to doing more drugs?
How do people with PTSD concentrate?
I'm homeschooled, have social anxiety, and live in a small town where not many things are available. What do I do?
How can I be a successful psychologist?
What is the psychological term for that feeling where an unknown person seems to be very familiar?
What is the best way to spread the word to the world about narcissistic parents and about the mental & physical torture they bring towards children?
What are the pros and cons of taking anxiety medications?
How do the different types of mental disorders affect people?
How can one deal with siblings who talk down to you, or bully you, because of past mental health issues?
Can I get some opinions on whether I should seek help?
Is nail biting a sign of psychological disorder like narcissism or psychopathy?
Should I work on vulnerability, trust, anxiety and depression with an emotionally focused therapist or an IFS/EMDR therapist?
Without having a mental illness, what are other reasons a person might experience "voices"?
How can anyone come out from mental harassment?
Why do INFJ personalities have depression and other mental health issues?
Is the bipolar test on the internet true?
Are there any methods (psychiatric or otherwise) that are proven to help with the symptoms of Narcissistic Victim Syndrome?
What are healthy ways to cope with end of semester & exam stress?
I’ve been depressed for years and my parents are not taking me seriously. What should I do?
How do you get mild BPD men to completely detach from a relationship that they believe they control?
Do therapists look up your mental health chart?
What are some good jobs that people with bipolar disorder can do?
If your favorite singer turned out to be a pervert psychopath, would you still listen to his works?
Are spiritual people more prone to depression?
Why am I so addicted to procrastination?
What should a complete session with a good therapist cost in Delhi?
Am I not feeling love for my boyfriend because I have depression, or because I don't love him?
Can I sue a psychiatrist who prescribed me antidepressants without telling me about the detrimental side effects?
How common is abuse in mental institutions?
How do you mentally prepare yourself two days before a major examination?
Is messaging my close friends about my anxiety issues and depression and not speaking to them face to face about it a good idea to help me cope?
What sort of mental issues does Trevor Phillips from GTA V suffer from?
How long do people go see a psychiatrist?
Why is my therapist sending me birthday messages with hugs and love instead of asking me why I terminated therapy abruptly?
Am I actually depressed? How should I seek help?
What is it like to suffer from depression?
Is there a difference between heart break and depression?
Is pain physically real or mentally?
Can a psychopath be friends with someone who is super sensitive?
I’m hated by everyone. I’m so ugly that it's impossible to make friends. I feel so depressed, and I just want to go away. What do I do?
A lady has periodic mental phases. She speaks a lot during that and is very nonsensical and turns religious. What can the problem be?
Do people who suffer from PTSD also suffer from paranoia?
Is it normal to feel mentally sick?
Do these traits suggest antisocial personality disorder or another Cluster B disorder?
When might a psychiatrist prescribe you marijuana? I live in Maryland, and I might have IBS and anxiety.
How do I overcome anxiety as a teen?
What should you do if someone is having a nervous breakdown?
What do I do to identify what type of narcissistic disorder I have?
There is a sense of depression and you don't know the reason behind it. What do you do?
Why are more and more people affected by stress, anxiety, and depression, compared to the past and previous generations?
What brought you to depression, can you talk about it and would you dare to share your story?
I've been on the same meds for 20 years. I want off. Will my general practitioners help me get away from a psychiatrist and the meds?
Is failure to launch considered a mental disorder?
What would be your advice for a third year law student who is currently single, broke, introverted and depressed?
How do I tell my parents that they need to see a marriage counselor or some other form of therapist/psychologist?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
Why is there a distinction between bipolar I and bipolar II?
What words would you tell someone who is a manic bipolar?
What are the differences between having a very anxious-preoccupied attachment style and suffering from BPD?
How far are we from finding a cure for the mental disorder known as atheism?
How do people with bipolar disorder feel during a grandiose state?
How come a narcissist can't apologize or realize they are wrong?
For those with schizoaffective disorder, do you genuinely feel love for anything?
How does a person stop being a compulsive liar?
Why is my social anxiety worse when I'm around my family? I go out of my way to avoid them because they make me feel nervous and I hide from them.
What are some experiences of a person living with bipolar disorder?
Is it possible to engage in eating disorder behaviors with without actually having one?
How will I tell my parents that I am sad or nearly depressed and I seek counseling?
How can a therapist deal and solve weird and uncommon phobias that are extremely severe?
What are your quick personal strategies when you feel depressed in the middle of the vicious cycle of negative thoughts?
Can a child be a psychopath?
I have a best friend that's depressed and suicidal, and comes to me for help. What should I say to comfort her?
Has grading in education affected your mental health?
Why are depressed people more realistic?
Do Low Functioning sociopaths blend in like their High Functioning counterpart?
What are some jobs for mental health counselors that are not in health care?
Can you be suicidal but not depressed?
Is Sense8 about something that is kind of like DID (dissociative identity disorder), but in reverse?
If one has dissociative identity disorder, how can she stop switching her personality?
Has internet made people smart or hopeless mental cripples?
Why do people think I sound depressed?
Is it possible for psychopaths to have many friends?
Does someone who constantly cleans his desk with Kleenex while talking to you suffer from Obsessive Compulsive Disorder?
If I'm a sociopath/narcissist, should I go to a therapist or psychiatrist?
How can someone with borderline personality disorder start to make close friendships?
Psychopaths and sociopaths, how did you react when you were first diagnosed with this "disorder" and what were your first thoughts on it?
Why do people with BPD punish their loved ones?
Would a sociopath make a great psychologist?
Is thinking of committing suicide normal? How bad is it, and how does one overcome it and stop it?
In what ways do mothers with borderline personality disorder affect their children?
What would be the best way to go about getting diagnosed?
If you have a mental illness, how do you train your mind to be tough?
What do psychopaths think about Adolf Hitler?
Does jealousy cause paranoia or does paranoia cause jealousy?
Do psychotherapists provide the same legal provision for client confidentiality as lawyers do?
What are the stupidest reasons for commiting suicide?
How can anxiety make you feel weak?
I’m cutting myself in order to feel something. Is this a sign of a mental disorder?
Is racism a psychological disorder?
Can a narcissist use doing good to others to get his supply?
How do I bring up self-harm in therapy?
How do therapists feel when it turns out the person they had committed to a mental hospital returns worse off than when they entered?
Is dementia genetic?
Why are so many human beings mentally ill?
Love is a mental illness that destroys the mind. How can it be cured?
Would a lo- functioning psychopath murder you if you attempted to take revenge against them?
What do psychopaths think of the Wikipedia article on psychopathy?
Can one prevent mental aging and the mental decline that comes with it?
Is creativity more common among bipolar 1 disorder or bipolar 2 disorder?
How does a sociopath react when you move on?
How do you get post-traumatic stress disorder?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths usually become killers?
My crush ran away after sex and I've lost confidence in myself. How do I regain it?
Why do people suffer from anxiety mostly at night?
Do insects have mental illness like humans?
I form patterns and if I can't cope with them, I feel stressful. Is it some disorder?
Can you cure misophonia?
How do you handle stress when you have clinical anxiety?
How do I overcome stress and anxiety one day before the BITSAT?
Is Mark David Chapman still mentally ill?
Can you have bipolar and borderline personality disorder?
Is there any good reason to stop using Ecstasy/MDMA?
What else can cause BPD besides childhood trauma?
What is it like to have a psychological mind?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Calicut?
Are there any anxiety/depression support groups in Chennai?
Is it healthy for two people with depression to date each other?
How can I recover from the depression of failure in my educational career upon graduation?
What should I do to get over mild depression? What should I do to cheer myself up?
I am 17 and I have ADHD, and I am in an environment that doesn't believe in psychological problems, what do I do? Where do I go from here?
Over the past couple of years, I have become dependent on looking at screens. What has happened to me?
What is the fastest way to get diagnosed? In Fresno California I have anxiety, social anxiety etc.
What does it feel like to have anxiety and depression?
What’s the threshold from having high psychopathic traits, to being "labelled" a psychopath? Is there a gauge?
Does unpredictability create disorder, or does disorder create unpredictability (disorder as in entropy)?
Why do we get distracted and become depressed while studying?
Do you always have a feeling of dread for no particular reason? Is this another symptom of anxiety?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Have you ever been anxious for no reason at all?
Did the person who killed John Lennon have any mental illness?
Other than taking melatonin, how can I deal with extreme anxiety?
What are the ways by which any teenage person could overcome depression in his life, caused due to hatred towards him?
Why are students committing suicides, and who, if anyone, is responsible?
How do you describe the biology behind depression under 2 minutes?
What is responsible for obsessions in OCD?
Does Sadhguru suffer or has he suffered from PTSD?
How do you keep the right emotions before the cravings?
What is teen depression and its possible causes?
Do introverts mostly suffer from IBS and other stomach disorders?
How do I stop my mind from having negative thoughts? My mind adds up all the possibilities and that makes me more upset or worried.
I've been having some anxiety issues since last year though I don't think I need to consult a doctor for this. How can I get over this?
Am I responsible for my depression?
Can sodium nitroprusside be used safely in the routine treatment of schizophrenia?
If psychological illnesses are fake, would this be a plausible alternative?
How can I tell if I suffer with BPD rather than just a preoccupied attachment style?
How often is someone misdiagnosed with bipolar II instead of severe depression with anxiety? (This is what I think has happened to me.)
Are depression and other mental illnesses congenital?
How do I differentiate between panic attack and a heart problem?
What are the physical and mental consequences for abusing painkillers?
How can I change my sister’s mentality?
Is therapy helpful for most people?
Are there any good psychotherapists in Delhi?
What feeling do psychopaths have if someone is threatening to make them blind and cut both of their hands and both of their legs, and the threat is real?
Can we heal a depressed person with reiki?
What does it mean to live with a mental illness?
How do people deal with having a chronic illness?
Is necrophilia a mental disorder?
Can a psychologist diagnose HFA?
My husband is having mental problems, where can I get a good doctor to cure him?
Why would someone admit to another that they have been diagnosed with NPD?
Do we have an online bipolar help?
What is the way to come out of depression? Is using drugs or alcohol the right way to come out?
Are there any success cases of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)?
How is the Japanese mentality different from the Chinese mentality?
When do I become matured mentally?
What does it feel like to lose a child due to an eating disorder?
Can mild paranoid schizophrenia be prevented, why or why not?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Can not eating be a symptom of mania/hypomania?
How does it feel when some people demonize people who are diagnosed with NPD so cruelly?
What are the implications of psychotherapy?
Knowing that fear is a mental state, how can we definitively suppress/overcome it?
If you check off for the qualifications of being a sociopath, but not because of the lack if ability, but because of desire/choice, are you still one?
Every single test I took online says that I have severe depression. I don't want to take any meds due to the side effects. How do I explain this to my doctor?
Is it legal to refuse to sell a gun to someone who looks mentally ill?
Why is being highly creative/intelligent often associated with mental illness?
What are my options for chronic pain that just won't go away using regular pain meds? It's making my depression and anxiety worse.
Why am I stressed when there's nothing to be stressed about?
Is it right to commit suicide for being short?
Have you visited a psychiatric ward/hospital? If yes, how does it change your perception of people who has mental/personality disorder?
A guy has developed OCD and depression due to years of bullying in school and college. Can he ever stop taking OCD medication and lead a normal life?
Can a T.B.I. cause schizophrenia or a psychosis?
I'm in a good place - how do I stop letting my depression take over?
In BPD, who is the real person?
What advice would you give a 200lb woman struggling with chronic depression and eating disorder?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
Can someone be asocial, shy and introverted and not have schizoid personality disorder?
Can PTSD/war experiences repress the feeling of love?
Is it possible to recover from a 12-year experience of being heavy bullied at school from a large number of people (including some teachers)?
For people who have suffered suicidal thoughts and overcame it, how did you know and when did you know that war ended at last?
What is some advice about helping my PTSD diagnosed husband?
Do all people with borderline suffer from a depression?
Do you think psychopaths use Quora to refine their masks and if so why? If they allowed themselves free reign would law-abiding psychopaths kill?
Do you maintain interesting conversations having schizoaffective disorder?
What is going on inside a stalker's head?
Would a psychopath make a good director?
Would a female psychopath be more likely to be murdered by an abusive male due to her lack of fear?
What are the odds a narcissistic sociopath with borderline personality disorder has recycled 3 times?
Have you ever been in a relationship with someone that had a mental disorder?
Has there ever been a psychologist who committed suicide?
Is there a correlation between depression and being second-born?
Should I go school camping when I am going through depression?
What would a person's psychological effects be if he was stuck in time permanently?
What should I do when I am depressed?
Do we all use similar mental pictures when we reason about mathemetical structure? How do our mental models differ?
How did you survive the emotional fallout from being manipulated by a malevolent sociopath?
What do you do when you feel really blue and depressed?
Do you think of yourself as an emotionally healthy person? In what ways are you especially healthy, and in what ways could you use improvement?
Which practice management software packages do psychotherapists/psychologists use, and what do they think of them?
Who is qualified to treat depression, and how is it treated?
How do you deal with a sociopathic grandmother?
What are the dangers of treating schizophrenia without medication?
I'm a "high" functioning BPD middle aged man. Is there anyone of any disorder that will functionally have a relationship with me?
Will antipsychotics "help" my anorexia?
Does it feel to anyone else as if the treatment for bipolar is making you crazy?
What are some good jobs or careers for people with severe sleep disorders?
How do I tell my parents about my mental health issues?
Has anyone overcome social anxiety? If so, how?
Is there a rehabilitation center in B. M. Institute of Mental Health, Ahmedabad for social anxiety disorder?
What is the average dose of quetiapine for BPD (EUPD)?
What do I do about all of my anxiety?
Will I ever stop being so anxious?
What are the effects of over-protective parents on a child’s mental health?
What can I do about my extreme anxiety and panic attacks? I just lay in bed like a stress ball all day!
Does a schizophrenic drawing what is in their mind help them understand themselves?
Am I the only one who feels so depressed that I cry when I see very young kids swearing?
Why does my natural anxiety get in the way of my acting career?
Is there a difference between INFJ disembodiment and depersonalization?
Is defining mental heath culturally significant?
How do I support my depressed dad?
What kind of personality do you have to have to stay with a narcissist?
Can someone become a sociopath without being molested?
How do I get over my fear of burglars?
How do you think would an ENTP-A and a Narcisst/Sociopath/Psychopath get along?
Can an overly childish person who seemingly takes nothing seriously and enjoys the misfortune of others be a sociopath?
Is It possible for someone whos been diagnosed with bipolar to also have NPD?
What should a patient with autonomic disorders and anxiety disorders do?
My parents don't believe I'm depressed. What do I do?
What should I do if the stupidity of my mother drives me insane?
Humor: is it true that psychopaths eat gerbils?
Why are drama teachers so insane?
How do I overcome my depression as I am solving 562 despite deserving above 600 in NEET 2017?
Is it possible to get PTSD from a dream?
How common is paranoid bipolar disorder?
How does one know if they're suffering from manic depression?
How long does it take to recover from years on psychiatric drugs?
Is it normal for a therapist to look concerned when a client has a drastic personality change?
Why do people have a cheap mentality?
How hard is it for someone with schizoid personality disorder to get through school?
What are the common symptoms of intermittent explosive disorder?
How does a psychopath feel during a depression?
If the stigma around psychopathy was erased, would psychopaths stop wearing the mask?
How does depression in a spouse lead to divorce?
How would a child's development be impacted if they encountered severe PTSD at the age of 3?
How do we befriend a narcissistic person?
What is victim mentality and how can one get over it?
Do psychopaths tend to blame other people for their own mistakes?
Are narcissists delusional and mentally unstable?
What is your advice on the balance between knowledge and experience?
How can I best avoid depression?
How do I reduce anxiety in exams?
Is fantasizing regularly about killing people, and how you would kill them, a sign of mental illness?
Can people become psychopaths eventually, as opposed to being born as such?
Do psychopaths feel competent?
Should I call the police to save my friend from herself? She’s convinced that she can live off only water and no food.
What are the chances of someone having bipolar disorder if one of his parents have it?
How does over-analysis deepen your mental illness?
How can I study properly if I'm suffering from anxiety?
What can you do if you are scared of what to do when graduating/what to study, of getting depressed in post-secondary, and/or other fears?
Does having unwanted suicidal thoughts put me in danger?
What should I say to my girlfriend who wants to get on antidepressants but is afraid to become "dependent" on them?
Is there anyone here on Quora who can help me overcome depression?
I'm afraid that someone or something may distract me. It has been developed very much. How uncommon is this phobia? How exactly can this be treated?
What goes wrong in early childhood development that could cause narcissistic personality disorder?
Is it true that Nobita was real and suffering from schizophrenia and that he imagined Doraemon?
Do psychopaths ever commit/consider suicide?
What do you do if you love programming but it burns you out constantly?
How are you coping with your bipolar and are you getting good help?
What's that mental state called where you get a sudden rush of excitement?
Is being a counselor a viable career option for someone suffering depression or anxiety?
Is Pranic Healing effective in curing social anxiety?
What mental illnesses does David Wood suffer from?
How long does an average bipolar episode last?
How did psychopaths react to having a child?
Why doesn't the psychology community recognize psychopathy as different to ASDP?
What is the best advice you can give to future mental health counselors to be effective in their work? What skills do I need to stand out to clients?
How likely are schizophrenics and others who have an auditory hallucination to commit suicide, statistically?
Does the narcissist ever forgive?
What circumstances makes someone go to a mental health professional to then be diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder?
If love is our natural state of being, then why are people suffering from their own mental problems?
Should I go to a therapist?
How can a bipolar induce sleep during a manic phase without an anti manic?
Is there a diagnosis for some who diagnoses everyone with out a degree or training?
How can you beat depression caused by deaths of loved ones?
Is it normal for my wife to have OCD issues?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
I suffer from depression. Should I just give up?
Can reactive depression turn or evolve into clinical depression?
How can I help someone feeling worthless and depressed?
How do I deal with my depression caused by my exam results?
Can you get into the military if you have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder?
Is there a correlation between MBTI type and mental illness (ENFP and ADHD primarily)?
Can true psychopaths feel suicidal?
How can I help my partner understand my depression and anxiety?
What was Nietzsche's mental disorder preceding his death?
Why are most Indians so ignorant about the mental health of their friends and families?
What are different ways to commit suicide?
What are the usual causes to mental health problems that professional footballers have?
Is it common in unipolar depression for the person to feel better during the evenings and nights and worse in the mornings and most of the day?
What is the scope for speech therapy?
Why is mental illness criminalized?
How do I get better grades in high school and stop being depressed about them?
Why do people in India make fun of someone who is suffering from depression? I am 18. My friends and family make fun of me for falling into depression.
What causes mental weakness?
Is it hard to adjust to "the real world" if someone with a narcissistic personality disorder has recently recovered from the disorder?
What happens if you leave a lingual hemangioma untreated?
Have PTSD sufferers ever called the police thinking they were in danger when there was none? Are there legal consequences?
How can I get over reading about OCD?
Do psychopaths have different inherent reflexes/instincts?
I am depressed because my single mother keeps yelling at me all the time. What should I do?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
Should psychopaths who have committed violent crimes be held accountable for them?
How can I stay mentally prepared for a mental test without getting tired?
How do I know whether my forgetfulness, restlessness and inability to pay attention is due to depression or ADHD?
What should I do to get rid of loneliness? How can I learn to control it mentally?
Is it possible to mentally prepare yourself for death?
How can I break out of a mental loop?
Is there anyone with schizoaffective disorder and likes being social?
How bad is Japan’s Princess Masako's "adjustment disorder" illness affecting her life & personality?
Does artificial intelligence affect our mental growth in a negative way?
What is a panic attack on a website? How do you do a panic attack?
How can I be sure I am seeing the right therapist?
Why do I feel anxious about a kiss?
Is Hillary mentally ill?
In substance abuse disorders, what is the illness and what is treated? Why do the majority relapse?
Does flat head affect mental ability?
What are the difference between ASD, ADHD, ADD, OCD and ADHS?
How effective is SAM-e for treating anxiety?
Has anyone moved because you found yourself clashing with the culture of your city, and it made you feel depressed?
Will a full psychological test reveal a very suave covert narcissist's condition?
What causes panic attacks and depression in mid-relationship crisis?
How does BPD work for socializing, and how can you be in love with someone with BPD?
How can you tell if a cat is mentally challenged?
How are female psychopaths/sociopaths on their period?
Can schizo-affective people be cured?
I’m a dad who only has custody every other weekend. How can I help my 9-month-old child cope with stranger anxiety towards me?
Do people with depression feel depressed/empty all the time or sometimes it's strong and sometimes you can actually be happy?
I've had depression for a long time now, and I have been thinking about suicide, but my friend keeps stopping me, what should I do?
What's the difference between psychotic paranoia and true paranoia?
How can I overcome my depression?
Can sexual assault cause someone to become a psychopath?
How do I stop being an anxiety ridden mess?
How do I overcome contact contamination OCD?
Do people with bipolar disorder dislike those who can't identify other people?
How do people who suffer from borderline personality disorder and narcissism at the same time differ from people who suffer from borderline only?
Is it possible to have PTSD from something that was not sexual abuse or a physical threat?
How do teens with BPD act usually?
Can someone with schizoaffective be originally misdiagnosed with boderline personality disorder?
Should bipolar disorder sufferers seek stability and routine above all else?
What I am supposed to say to a clinician if I think I'm in depression?
Can I smoke black and milds with schizoaffective disorder?
I feel like I'm losing my mind. Does one know when they are on the verge of insanity?
Can a person fake himself as a schizophrenia patient?
What are the things that you can do to improve yourself physically and mentally?
How do I get one free psychotherapy session?
Should I use social anxiety pills? If yes, what are they called?
Will a sociopath act on threats if you provoke them?
How do you deal with anxiety and being ridiculed because you are trans?
Why do I feel the need to read about who were the victims after terror attacks?
How do I forget my depression?
How many people suffer from tick borne Alpha-Gal in the USA?
Can a person who can make eye contact have social anxiety?
How should I overcome depression due to low marks in the NEET 2017?
What is the incidence of depression among homeschoolers?
What's the difference between sociopaths, psychopaths, narcissists, and a Machiavellian?
From any TV show, which characters do you believe have psychological disorders and why?
Why do you feel the need to glorify your mental disorders as if it's something to boast and brag about?
Why does rain make me depressed? How do I get over it?
Does anti-psychotic medication actually cure the problem, or does it just "mask " the illness to make a human seem "normal " in society's eyes?
How do I beat exam stress?
How do you know if you are scaring someone if you have a mental illness?
What do you do when you're in the depressive state of BPD?
How can you make friends if you have severe social anxiety (for teenagers)?
How common is the feeling of guilt for someone who has bipolar disorder?
How do depressed people know about cutting?
How do I test for bipolar depression symptoms?
What do psychopaths think of childhood abuse?
Are young people committing suicide in North America in higher numbers or are we just hearing about it more?
Can people have to much stress to lead to a breaking point?
How can I stop this nightly depression that is crushing me?
Being a victim of a Vyapam scandal is driving me crazy; I'm frustrated and depressed. I'm 23 and I have no degree. What should I do?
If I want to die, does that mean I am depressed?
What are mental health problems? People say they are illnesses, but aren't there happy people with mental health issues?
How do I deal with a narcissist when there is no practical way to maintain zero contact with her?
What are some facts of teenage depression?
How do we regenerate an active mind which is under depression?
Does the television series “13 Reasons Why” glorify suicide?
What are the mental health effects of a teenager facing long periods of social stigmatisation and social isolation?
I feel really angry at all times. What should I do?
Is it normal to constantly and uncontrollably have a crush? Could it be a disorder?
What causes mild paranoid schizophrenia?
In what way does a teenager suffering from depression act different from others?
What were the 18 psychological disorders as mentioned by agastya?
Why do those with BPD blame others?
Who is the best psychiatrist in Bangalore for a schizophrenic patient?
What if the Bible, creates mental illness?
What are the tips to overcome stress?
What do you do if someone threatens to commit suicide?
If others cannot recover fully from depression then why and how can I?
Are there any realistic TV shows that take place in psychiatric hospitals? If not, why so?
How do I become a better person for others and for my own mental health?
Why do I get so anxious when someone laughs at me?
Is it true that people suffering from personality disorders like psychopathy and narcissism have a high tolerance for physical pain?
How can I endure all my depressing feelings?
What if a depressed person refuses to consult a doctor and refuses medication?
Has anyone been at the brink of sanity? How did you find your way out?
How can a severely mentally ill individual convince themselves that their life is worth living?
Am I a psychopath if I have the actual urge to kill someone?
Can someone *become* a sociopath (or something similar) due to conditioning?
What are third wave behavior therapies?
If someone wanted to commit suicide, should we help him do it, or should we try to change his mind?
If you have depression, would you want to date someone with depression?
Do I have Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
What are the ayahuasca health requirements?
Is it normal for anxiety sufferers to doubt their feelings for their partners in new relationships? I'm a long-time anxiety sufferer.
Can a sociopath be calm and avoid anger problems?
What makes depression so scary?
I've been sent to be assessed by a mental health team for anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy sub, what do I do?
What're the best ways to avoid a psychological disturbance?
What are some stories where people have failed multiple times, due to the instability of their minds?
How do you deal with the fact that you might be a sociopath?
What can I do from here? I'm not exactly depressed. How can I go about finding a spiritual path?
How can I commit suicide easily without hurting anyone?
When does the heartbeat of psychotic people get faster?
What are some good books about ASPD?
What is the difference between delusional disorders and psychosis due to drug abuse and sleep deprivation?
Why would someone smoke to commit suicide?
How can I help my significant other overcome social anxiety?
Is Poppy a psychopath?
Sometimes I feel that committing suicide and killing myself is the best solution to relax from poverty and misery. Why?
What's the difference between not throwing your drink can because of social anxiety and holding in your pee during a lecture?
I’m a teenager with separation anxiety. What should I do?
How common is it for someone with bipolar disorder to have psychosis and paranoia?
Are there any ayurvedic medicines for depression/anxiety/mental wellness?
How can I meet someone with a dissociative identity disorder?
I've been having a serious 7 week depression phase, I've told my psych that I'm suicidal & cutting, but they dont take it seriously. What do I do?
How does self-harming start?
Can I study well if I am suffering from chickenpox?
What do people say who come out from depression?
Why is Quora filled with judgement and prejudice regarding mental and personality disorders like bipolar and BPD?
How can I keep myself from feeling worthless and depressed?
Do people who hear voices ever hear useful information or positive things or are the voices always negative and delusional?
Today, I found out that my 12-year-old sister started cutting herself off from my mom. How can I help my sister or be useful to her in some way?
Is there a lifestyle that exists in America, where I can refuse psychiatric treatment?
Is there any quick cure for anxiety?
What questions do you have for people who self-harm?
What are some hobbies that are both physically and mentally engaging?
How am I supposed to take care of my physical and mental self when I have no money?
Do narcissists have more difficulty knowing whether they love somebody or not?
Are all psychopaths good at lying?
Does sleep affect mental health?
How can I defend myself from someone with a borderline personality disorder?
What's your secret to overcome anxiety before an important event?
How does an affected person define depression?
Should I seek mental help?
Why does codeine cause anxiety?
Does being on the methadone program cause depression?
Do people with personality disorders often use words like "always" or "never"?
What is the similarities between God and psychopath/sociopath/narcissistic?
I am suffering from general anxiety disorder. I am always worried that something terrible is going to happen to me. How can I cure that?
Is it bad to have depression for no reason? Is it my fault if my depression has ruined my academics? What's your opinion about those who commit suicide?
Is the teenage depression hotline effective?
Why is talking to self considered insane?
I can't eat when I'm anxious. It's really weird because I feel a chocking sensation and feel very tight inside my throat. Is that normal?
Why are narcissists untrustworthy?
Why do people think that you are weak when you are depressed?
Is it known what gene(s) could be implicated in antisocial personality disorder and similar disorders?
Does social anxiety make you want to die?
Are all psychopaths bullies?
How do I get these mental illness questions off my feed?
How can you learn to make good small but hard everyday choices (e.g. avoiding sweets on a diet, etc.), governing your feeling-thought-action dynamics?
Does depression and mental illness affect growth in height?
What can a friend do for you when you are in manic and/or depressive mode? Or is it best to just be with you and wait for it to pass?
What does it feel like to be poor and psychopath?
How do you manage things you can't control (like family issues, illness, etc)?
Is it questionable to administer risperidone to non-psychotic patients?
Did Kierkegaard have obsessive compulsive disorder?
Is it possible to experience anxiety and depression if you are an atheist?
Is mental health an issue among Christians in America?
How do I deal with a relationship when the other person has no compassion for me and my depression?
How does it sound to have a professional guide to work you through any health problem you may have, or any health achievment you may want to reach?
Whenever I give a presentation or speak with people I don't know, I become very anxious. How can I deal with anxiety or prevent it beforehand?
Are Avoidant Personality Disorder and Asperger's Syndrome possibly be both present?
Do I have a mental problem?
How do you know if you're a sociopath or just an ENTP with low empathy?
Are you supposed to not go to the light if you get a concussion? How come?
Why do I feel depressed after yoga?
Do psychopaths ever have such a convincing mask that they even convince themselves?
Was Manson psychotic or possessed?
Do people with schizoaffective disorder think about killing people?
Is stress good for students? How do you cope with it effectively?
While having a group conversation, why do some people fiddle and touch objects around them? Such as with napkins, cutlery etc. Is that social anxiety?
Can I develop OCD because I researched it too much?
Will a borderline person also diagnosed with fibromyalgia ever be happy in life?
Why do people with BPD often feel the need to overshare?
What are some good books on schizoid disorder?
Why does a person get depressed?
Do sociopaths and psychopaths still like Hannibal, regardless of the wrong prescription of a psychopath?
What happens after you commit suicide?
What are some learning strategies for veteran students with TBI and PTSD?
How should one treat a residual schizophrenic?
What are some supplements in Singapore that can help with anxiety and depression?
If you were a paraprofessional that had to sit in a class with mentally impaired students every day, what would you do?
Was depression a major issue for you before you came out to your family?
Do sleeping for 16 hours can cause health or mental problem?
Is high functioning depression real? Where can I get professional information online?
What are some books that romanticize mental illness?
Can an autistic person become a sociopath?
What is the best way to support a loved one who is showing signs of mental illness?
Is there a higher incidence of depression among adoptees than in the general population?
How do I know if books about personality disorders are not just trash?
Can I end my OCD completely?
How can I work while being depressed?
Is having a quiet voice caused by internal fear / anxiety?
Does Will Graham from NBC's Hannibal fit the criteria for BPD?
Is there any renowned economist with ADHD/ADD?
Is numbness a sign of mania?
How would a person with Aspergers react to a sociopath stare?
Are Alzheimer’s, Parkinson's, and Cataracts preceded by serious mental confusion?
Can you sue someone if their stalking caused you to go psychotic?
What is the experience of people having undergone hypnotism for depression?
What is a way of getting more and more depressed?
What is the name for the mental illness or depression that immigrants experience?
How can you seek help from the USA government?
Why are mental health services so sexist towards both genders, e.g. women get told it's 'just hormones', and men don’t get taken seriously?
How can those who have mental disorders understand spirituality?
Can methylphenidate cause permanent bipolar disorder?
What comes to mind when you think of someone who is mentally ill? What are your stereotypes?
Can a person be cured of PTSD?
Does anxiety always develop into depression?
Given that children change throughout the maturing process, can we see if a child will develop into a full-blown narcissist adult?
Am I right to assume that all psychopaths are rich or at least not poor since they are master in manipulation and always get what they want?
What is the difference between an INFP-T and an INFP-A that has bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, or both?
What are my options if I can't afford a psychological evaluation?
What's the difference between cyclothymia and bipolar disorder?
What is adjustment disorder with anxiety and depression?
What could help someone get into graduate school as a research psychologist and mental health therapist?
What's the difference between social anxiety and being nervous around people?
What factors contribute to the higher than average prevalence of depression in Belgium?
I suffer from BPD. I am so vindictive. How can I quit hurting other people?
Can anxiety worsen periods?
How many hours of sleep is necessary if you are suffering from atypical depression?
How would you commit suicide?
What would be safe to take for ADD, anxiety, focus and depression?
Did people start circumcising boys because a lack of sex education and/or hygiene made foreskins prone to illness/injury?
Can you detect early signs of bipolar, in someone as young as 4?
What are the symptoms or signs of ASPD?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
Can antidepressants/anti-anxiety medication make you physically weaker or lower your adrenaline levels?
How can I study when my finals are in 2 weeks? I need to start studying, but my anxiety is acting up big time! I can't even pick up a book without getting a panic attack, and I can't understand anything. How can I study normally?
Are treadmills good or bad for sensory processing disorders?
How does a daughter handle a mentally ill mother and an emotionally abusive father who are in their 90's now?
If narcissism is a disorder and can't be helped, why are they being called monsters? How can one really be mad at them and hate them?
Do gay people have more mental illness than the general population?
Did you experience post-PhD depression? If so, how did you overcome it?
Could my recent anxiety be causing my sudden sleepwalking? I havent walked in my sleep since I was a kid, and I'm 39 years old!
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
We have an HS intern. We think he had a psychotic episode at work on Friday. It was nonviolent but highly unusual. Should we let him back on Monday?
How would one get away from a mentally abusive partner without having to give up a dog who has helped in so many ways when there is no one to turn to?
How many of you puke from depression?
How do psychopaths handle public speaking?
Do you think Aileen Wuornos was a psychopath?
Can you go to hell if you have evil thoughts because of your OCD?
How do you stop anxiety after an intruder?
How can I remove my depression from my life?
Can Anyone help me in overcoming suicidal thoughts?
Can a therapist who really knows you do psychedelics to give insights about you?
Will a psychopath try to take advantage of me, since I have no fears?
Does the ability to scream predict longevity in patients with dementia?
How could I prevent becoming depressed before bed?
How does being depressed affect you?
Are some therapists in it for the money?
If the mentally ill are the most vulnerable people in the world, why do mentally healthy people abuse them?
Is ADHD different for everyone? If so, what are the differences?
Do psychopaths and sociopaths admire malignant narcissists?
Why are people with mental illnesses portrayed as criminals?
Can mentality help you survive?
Do psychopaths experience skin frisson?
Is it possible to recover from depersonalization disorder?
What is going on inside my head?
What was your time like in a children’s psychiatric unit?
How can I deal with attention deficit disorder as a student?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
Can the human brain be overloaded? Or is the stress we experience just due to "over stretching" our mental capacity
Am I depressed because my father died or am I depressed because it could be genetic?
Can a psychopath get mad about a dog being killed?
What is the difference between a neurological and a psychological disorder when using a Venn diagram?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
Can a person have bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder at the same time?
What could be causing my body to go all weak? I just can't stop shaking and it makes my vision all black and blurry. I do suffer from anxiety and depression. Could it all be connected?
Why can't I just look past my anxiety?
My grandmother is having low-grade fevers each night. She lives in China. What are some possibilities of her illness?
Why are the depressed people lazy?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
Is depression more prevalent in an urban society or is it just more prominent due to the advancements in mental health research?
My parents demotivate me very often and in a very bad way. How should I keep myself positive and away from getting depressed?
What are the main causes of mental block?
What is your view on Indian government providing free treatment for AIDS patients, not for other disorders?
How can I re-establish myself as a competent professional after a major nervous breakdown?
How do I stay sane before I switch households?
Whenever I wish to learn a course, I don’t complete it. What should I have to follow so that I’ll complete it?
How do I ace a job interview if I am suffering from depression which is leading to lower self-esteem and no confidence?
How does one sustain friends when suffering from a severe mental illness?
Is there any psychologist who offers free consultation?
Do psychopaths sometimes choose to be with certain people because they like the mask they wear with those people?
Can circumstances make a person psychopathic like The Joker?
What would a race of psychopaths be like?
Are people with mental health issues deprived of their 2nd and 14th amendment rights due to outdated regulations?
Why is psychotherapy or any mental health therapy prevalent in the USA?
What are the psychological disorders?
I have severe depression as I've taken multiple quizzes. What do I do? Do I tell family?
Does sugar make you stupid?
Does tianeptine help with obsessions?
Can someone be totally healed from anxiety disorder?
How can I turn my anxiety into excitment?
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
Where do I find mental healthcare professionals and deep thinkers experienced in the therapeutic application of existentialism?
What medications best treat those with borderline personality disorder? And are there any alternatives like medical marijuana or CBD that can help?
Why do I feel depressed when I do not do what I say I will?
Within 1 hour of brainstorming and finding a great concept for a book, why do I feel mentally drained?
How do you know if a therapist is trying to control you?
Do psychopaths 'come out' to people in their inner circle? If so, how would that conversation go?
What could an EQ score of 27/80 mean about someone?
How have people cured their social anxiety?
Why am I having anxiety issues even though I have nothing to worry about in particular?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
Risk is not a choice but a compulsion. Why?
How do I cope with severe anxiety after being taken off a benzodiazopine that I've been on for 25 years when no other medication helps?
Is a severe lack of motivation for no reason a symptom of ADD or ADHD?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
What is a unique combination of mental disorders?
If a person’s happy memories have been deleted, would suicide be seen as a healthy choice?
What are some meditations for severe depression?
Do psychopaths use pseudonyms on Quora?
Every person is a multi personality. What's your thought?
If we start with a perfect soul, then what is a rational explanation for mental illness?
How do you find a therapist in Arizona who’s licensed to do DBT or dialectical behavior therapy?
What would the world be like if psychopathic tendencies are the norm and celebrated?
Does Prozac help relieve any kind of obsessions?
Do pathological liars end up with anxiety disorders or any other disorder from having to keep track of all of their lies?
Is amisulpride (or Solian) used to treat paranoia? And what are other tips to treat paranoia?
Is 'thakradhara' treatment effective in curing anxiety disorders?
Do cluster B personality disorders ever go into 'remission'?
Do you have any experience in treating PTSD with EMDR therapy?
Which specialist deals with the health/diseases of women?
How do you get rid of depression and feelings of worthlessness?
How should I respond to someone who says he is suffering from OCD?
Is BPD considered to be a disability in Ireland?
Do people who attempt suicide regret it at the last minute?
Are childhood hallucinations simply a sign that the brain is growing?
How do you learn to form attachments when you have an attachment disorder?
I am extremely suicidal these days. What should I do? I am scared of life. I don't want to suffer anymore.
Is it normal to feel anxious randomly?
How common is it for a therapist to offer a diagnosis to a client?
How do I confirm that my friend is a socio psychopath?
Which advices would Athena Walker give to a low-functioning psychopath?
What does it mean when people say before you diagnose yourself with depression make sure there aren't any jerks around you?
Is being bipolar curable?
How do I get a new psychologist (NHS)?
What is like when your best friend commit suicide?
What are the possible ways to overcome stagefear?
Does being in a frat reduce social anxiety?
Why does Tubular Bells (1973) cause anxiety to the listener? Is there a psychological effect or just merely an association with horror movies?
What are the pills you take to treat depression? How do you feel when you're on them?
Does impatience cause anxiety?
Should a person with schizophrenia marry?
How does a couple that both suffer depression survive?
How many adults would admit they had killed animals when they were young kids?
In your opinion, at what age is the average woman both physically and mentally ready to have children?
What is something you thought was normal but was disgusting when you thought about it?
What is the best thing that being autistic, or knowing someone with autism, has taught you?
Why do people treat people with mental illnesses like trash?
What are some methods for dealing with/suppressing my scrupulosity?
Why do people think vitamin D can help with depression?
Does certain medicine affect the ability to love a person?
Are there patients who should not be in group therapy?
Why do I get so anxious every time my parents try to set me up?
How would Alzheimer's be different for a psychopath?
Can people with anxiety do things they don't want to do? What do you call this?
Can you overcome everything without medication?
If I'm mentally healthy, but I'm usually drawn to people who probably have depression, does it mean I'm not as healthy as I think I am?
Norwegian Wood (1987 book): Why did Naoko commit suicide?
Is ASPD the same thing as sociopathy?
Can I still get some rest by lying down & closing my eyes even if I don't fall asleep?
What is the worst kind of depression?
Who is someone who reduces your social anxiety (in the sense that if they approach someone, they reduce your fear of approaching the same person)?
Can I get a mental health/psychology related job without the proper education?
Is it possible that feminism is a mental illness?
How do I escape? How do I recover from being with someone who is an NPD, or who is a sociopath?
Are people with depression more likely to commit crimes than people who are not depressed?
What can one do to be more neurotic?
What are the best mental tasks to boost and increase intelligence and creativity?
My father passed away when I was one year old. I am now 19, am I depressed because he passed away or would I have still been depressed anyway?
Are those with sexual sadism disorder also sociopaths/psychopaths?
What are the symptoms for chronic depression?
Did your life improve after being diagnosed with depression, ADHD/ADD, anxiety, etc.?
I have panic attacks when I lay in bed at night. I think about all the ways I have miserably failed at jobs and relationships. Is my life ruined?
I’ve had acne on my back, chest, and jawline for years. Will they ever go away, and what can be the reason?
How can I deal with horrifying events only I will suffer from?
I've read that sociopathy and psychopathy are the same thing and I've read they're different, which one is correct?
Which international human rights groups should I contact if I have an invisible chronic weird illness that couldn't be well diagnosed in my home city?
Can plagiarism cause too much loss to a person? If yes, how?
What should you do if you are paranoid?
How does a middle-age man with Asperger’s and severe social anxiety and no social services survive?
How do you cope at age 64 with the fear, worry, depression, financial uncertainty, and devastation of a job loss?
Why does sleep deprivation help depression?
How do some people with bipolar disorder manage life without treatment?
Are psychopaths more likely or less likely to abuse drugs/alcohol?
From which hospital in Mumbai I will get mentally disturb person's certificate?
Has anyone had social anxiety? How do you get over it?
Should I tell my teacher about having travel anxiety?
Are you an entrepreneur experiencing health issues such as chronic fatigue, depression, anxiety?
How do you know that you are not going into depression?
Is it possible that part of my subconscious is depressed, while the rest of me is mentally healthy?
What are the best way to fight depression naturally?
After 42 years, is it normal to become so sick of my BPD and the damage I do that suicide is the only solution for relief?
Can a person who is bipolar ever see the real truth?
If your mental illness is affecting your ability to communicate with people, should you get help?
What is the best mood stabilizer for anxiety?
When in a non-BPD and BPD relationship, how should the non-BPD act when treated poorly?
What do I do to get out of depression and work towards the life I want for myself?
How do I less emotional and mentally strong in odd time?
At age 22, how do I deal with depression and suicidal feelings?
What was it like when you were first diagnosed with PTSD?
Can you be spiritual and OCD?
What are some drugs used to make mental patients sleep?
Are all psychopaths happy and well-adjusted?
What should I do if my enemy has depression and she has nobody to help her?
What is your X-Men superpower?
If someone with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a person who is a psychopath, how do things play out if the Psychopath wants to break up?
Why would a college student commit suicide?
What happens to the body when one has depression?
I’m 21 and got a new job in road construction for a change in my life/atmosphere and money. Will my mental health be negatively impacted by the long hours with less sleep?
Do the police in America (the NYPD, for example) accept candidates with mental health issues?
How did you react to your parents death?
What would you think of your future if you had a mom who had just committed suicide for depression?
Is social anxiety a real mental illness that needs to be professionally treated or is it simply caused by a lack of social skills or self confidence?
Can a lobotomy cause sociopathy or psychopathy?
Does depression cause you to experience feelings of shame and other upsetting emotions without outside provocation?
What are some interesting facts about psychopathy in relation to IQ?
Does psychotherapy really help overcoming depression?
How can I deal with anxiety, depression, low self-esteem, PTSD, being an introvert and shy?
What is Harsha Bhogle's opinion on maintaining physical and mental health in a youngster's life?
Psychopaths, has someone ever seen through your mask? If so, how did you react?
I'm scared my depression might be developing into something worse like a personality disorder or sociopathy. How do I know?
What is the social experience of a psychopath?
If you tell a psychologist that you’re suicidal, can they place you in a psych ward?
I sterilise my self harm tools with an isopropyl alcohol lens wipe. Is this sufficient?
What are the best methods to refresh your brain to its initial max capacity from a depressed state?
How did James Fallon control his psychopathy?
What can I do to cope with depression if I don't have access to a therapist?
What is the difference between obsession, depressive rumination and delusions?
How does a person's genetic health affect their mental and emotional health?
Is despair an affliction or a sin? Or something else?
Which is a better world: bipolar or multipolar? How?
What is the age and the reason when you thought that you want to commit suicide?
What mentality is she suffering from?
My depression has brought me to a point where I am about to fail a subject and thus ruin my life. How do I deal with that?
How do I deal with shivering caused by anxiety?
What are treatments for non-pulsating headaches that are primarily characterized by soreness?
How long can a person with bipolar disorder be active before he becomes completely disabled?
What do you do if you feel depressed and suicidal and have no one to talk to?
How do career women influence the decline of family today?
What should I do if I’m suffering from depression and my younger sister is aware of this fact but still she doesn't understand me or even respect me?
How do I overcome my anxiety of what my future beholds after a chronic disease?
Is being a psychopath a clear advantage in the corporate world?
I have an exam tomorrow which I will surely fail because I couldn't study as I have been enduring depression since August last year. What do I do?
Can a person be psychopath if he thinks of harassing someone for no reason and cries a lot?
If someone is depressed, what are the chances someone else in their family is too?
How do you get out of a depressing state?
Why can't I stop the mental conversations I have?
How do you motivate a person who is in extreme depression and not willing to take any advice?
What are some simple tricks deal with anxiety?
What is OCD (obsessive compulsive disorder)?
How can I convince my mom that I think I have depression and I should be taken to the doctor and tested?
Do psychopaths have a codex?
How do I overcome feeling different because I have social anxiety?
What are some societally necessary jobs that significantly damage those performing them? (physically or mentally)
How is mental illness more dangerous than physical illness?
How can I avoid lashing out when manic or depressed without cutting myself off from everyone?
Are people with NPD and/or BPD capable of sentimentality? Is it common for them to reminisce?
Are psychopaths less likely to be racist?
How can someone with PTSD relive an event through a flashback when they wouldn't know what the event was?
Who is the most mentally strong person you know and why?
If a person with a borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how does the relationship play out?
Is a psychiatrist better at diagnosing mental illness than a layman?
How do psychiatrically diagnosed people feel about their diagnosis?
Will having a condition like nocturia disqualify you from being an astronaut for NASA?
How can I use desensitization to help myself through a panic attack?
Are there any medications that specifically target the physical side of a panic attack?
What is “meditation”? How does meditation work for mental stress and depression?
How do I help my girlfriend when she is having a PTSD attack?
Can a doctor have a personality disorder?
What benefit does a psychopath find in building a relationship with someone if they don't really feel anything toward them?
Is a psychologist allowed to commit a patient to a psych ward?
Is anxiety all in the mind?
How do people perceive swallowing and anxiety disorders?
How are psychopaths affected by art?
Does adderal tolerance ever go away?
Do girls get anxiety about pregnancy during unprotected sex?
Do psychopaths think there is any inherent value in humanity?
Why it is nearly impossible to run a school or NGO for mentally retarded children in India?
How could anyone have believed that D'angelo Barksdale committed suicide after seeing the crime scene?
My husband mentally and financially abuses me. What should I do?
How do I overcome depression as a teenager?
Do people in prodromal phase of Schizophrenia know that they are getting sick?
What is the law in India for a family member not taking a mentally ill person to a doctor for treatment, if the person himself is not in a position to decide?
If a person has BPD and bipolar, how can you see a manic or depressive episode with the mood swings from BPD at the same time?
Are there any strange or paradoxical responses to antidepressants that occur in people with personality disorders?
My husband committed suicide recently. I need therapy and meds. Are there psychologists or psychiatrists that you can talk to via phone?
Why is the role played by psychotherapy in the treatment of a personality disorder?
How do I stay emotionally sane while I dig myself out of debt?
Why did Robert Clive commit suicide?
What is the biggest panic attack you ever had?
How would I start my fresh life after lots of depression?
What mental disorder would you consider that the person in this case study has?
What is the psychological condition of an armless man?
How does the health insurance repeal affect mentally ill persons, specifically homeless mentally ill persons?
Can you trigger a panic attack without thinking about the source of your stress?
Are there foods that can ease or worsen depression?
How do I stop being depressed and find a reason to live?
How can you build excellent mental and physical endurance quickly?
How do I take advantage of depression and get better grades?
Can a bipolar disorder be passed on to one’s offspring in the form of a borderline personality disorder?
I'm depressed. I'm not going to end my life, but if I were to pass away, my loved ones will get $3M dollars in life insurance. Why should I continue?
I have an anxiety disorder and have a task trained service dog. How do I go about finding colleges that will allow this?
Are psychiatrists fully authorized to purchase psychoactive drugs?
After treatment starts for bipolar disorder, is it normal for hazy memories and situations from the past to become clearer?
Can a normal person increase his mental capacity to a great level, meaning memory, creativity, etc.?
When I do not understand something, I feel that it should be something stupid. Do I have a mental illness?
Are there any social clubs or groups of people to help gain confidence and rise from depression in Uttarakhand, India? Or are there any websites or online groups?
Do you know of any women with fibrocystic breast disease who have increased pain due to depression and other mental health issues?
How do I stop my depression and get better grades as a teenager?
What is the disorder of creating fictional people in life?
Why do I have severe anxiety when there's nothing to worry about?
What's the difference between a complex and a personality disorder?
Do psychopaths have a code of conduct?
How do you know when your boyfriend is bipolar?
How can I tell if I'm actually depressed and have anxiety or if I am just going through a "teen phase"?
How can I deal with, and help my spouse who suffers from a major depression that is sometimes manic?
Should a person tell others their mental health diagnosis?
Should I talk to my research adviser about my depression?
Do I move back home, get a job & deal with my dysfunctional but loving family, or live depressed and isolated out in the country without having to work?
Can purely psychological factors cause schizophrenic symptoms?
Do some people on Quora write false things about psychopathy or ASPD in general?
Was Churchill a sociopath?
Is routine mastrubation healthy?
How do I tell others that I have depression without feeling guilty?
Can a person be popular and be mentally ill?
How can I convince a person with schizophrenia to get help?
Why does Quora allow so many questions that passive-aggressively stigmatize mental illness?
Is it possible for a sociopath to be an A-lister (that is, fit all the psychopathic categories, e.g., no emotion, ego-driven)?
What are effective ways to cope with stress and negative situations?
Can a psychopath be scarred?
Can you turn yourself into a sociopath, or at least, a cold blooded, heartless person?
How would you describe an obsessive-compulsive personality disorder from a psychoanalytic perspective?
Why does cold water cause panic if it doesn't hurt?
How can I get medication for ADD?
Can marriage make you depressed even when you're not being abused?
I'm not known for being a serious person, but it makes it difficult to talk to even my best friends about actual struggles. What's a good approach?
What is the latest medical research on bipolar 1 disorder?
What links clinical depression with losing the will to live?
Why can't I stand bright lights or loud noises?
Is depression a disease or a psychological concept?
What should I do to combat depression?
Did you ever think that our government is causing our depression?
How can anxiety make you sick?
Do people who can turn their empath qualities on and off exist although they are not psychopaths?
How can you get BPD?
Do all alcoholics have memory problems?
How can CIWA scale be used to rule out psychotic disorder?
How do I convince my parents that my depression and anxiety aren’t a choice and that I need therapy before they get worse?
Can I be highly intelligent without a high education?
Should a young doctor with schizoid personality disorder choose their specialty according to the personality disorder?
How do I regain the emotional connection with people again after recovering from depression?
Which are few examples of scientists with personality disorders?
How will a psychopath react when a deep dark secret is revealed by someone he feels is beneath him?
What can I do to reduce paranoia while taking cocaine?
Why do I get hyper whenever my depression breaks?
Can I get good, worthwhile treatment from a psychiatrist remotely, i.e. over the telephone or Skype?
How do Psychopaths see their own "friends"?
Do some psychopaths cut themselves so they can feel an emotion?
Why do most normal people not care about depressed people, even when they are very close relatives or friends?
What exactly is "ego loss" and is it a side effect or precursor to a personality disorder, or something else entirely?
I have to do an assessment for my mental health. What will happen if I don’t go?
Can a psychologist commit you to a psych ward or can only a psychiatrist commit you?
Is suicide the answer to severe anxiety?
Have any of you ever dealt with extreme OCD with delusions, and do the delusions ever go away?
What is separation anxiety and how do you treat it?
I'm an 18 year old (guy) ENTP that has OCD, Social anxiety disorder, and ADD. Is this common for an ENTP, or did I just lose the genetic lottery?
What can I do when my therapist and mother want to send me to a mental hospital?
How do I deal with anxiety before the exam results declaration?
What if the voices in my head tell me they're not real, but just a product of a mental condition?
What is your bluntest opinion about a high-functioning, self-aware, non-diagnosed psychopath?
If a person with borderline personality disorder is in a relationship (and madly in love) with a psychopath, how would the relationship play out?
Is craniosacral therapy real?
Can you have BPD without having any abandonment issues and enjoying being alone?
Is masturbation bad for mental health?
Where do I draw the line between introspection and staying in my head?
Could a high-functioning schizoid live as a pseudo-psychopath (logical control over his actions, low or no emotions and empathy)? What would the differences be?
How can you psychopaths describe it when you don't know anything to compare it with?
How do I do travel therapy?
If you wrote a letter to eating disorders, what would it say?
What is the best treatment​ for anxiety​?
Do exceptionally-healthy people have a higher incidence of dementia?
What are the ways to prevent the "freeze" response to stressful situations?
How does a phobic neurosis occur?
Is there a mental state where the patient has two personalities and one of them takes care of the other?
What do you usually do when society depresses/disappoints you?
Did people get depressed in ancient times?
Are poor people more likely to experience some type of mental illness?
Why do some people feel threatened by people who have mental illnesses?
How do I know if I have a dissociative disorder?
How long can people withstand others before they become depressed?
How do I deal with night time anxiety?
Is there any way to commit suicide in a way that seems as an accident in India?
Why do people purposely commit suicide?
Why are the mentally ill considered the bad guys?
What do people think when they see someone have a panic/anxiety attack? Do they see them as weak?
What would your reaction be if I committed suicide?
Is paranoia in bipolar disorder the same as paranoia in schizophrenia?
What could be the possible reason for aspirants to commit suicide after failing the JEE? Isn't there life outside the JEE?
Why do people hurt, mentally & emotionally?
Psychopaths, are you curious about what it's like to have emotions?
What do I do if I have been suicidal for years?
What medical condition is Anirudha Agarwal diagnosed with?
Recently, another student committed suicide in Kota. What are your views on this incident?
How do I overcome social anxiety without professional treatment?
Can a person take yogurt when he/she is suffering from psoriasis?
What are the risks involved in carrying on a personal relationship with a depressed person?
I understand the symptoms of borderline personality disorder; but how did it get its definition nomenclature?
How is being scared different from being paranoid?
Why do doctors still seem to panic (or act like they do) when they are about to deliver a baby?
According to a well-renowned test, I'm suffering from narcissistic personality disorder but I don't observe many symptoms in myself. How do I confirm it?
What are ADHD symptoms in children?
Who are some Indian celebrities who attempted suicide?
What are some jobs that a young person with relatively poor health can do?
Does depression make you do things that are against what you believe in?
What is it like when you first develop a borderline personality disorder?
What types of chocolates help you out of depression?
Are good therapists good at [sensitively] "putting words into people's mouths"?
How much do psychiatrists charge?
Is there a possible cure for athritis?
Why did Nidhin N of IIT KGP commit suicide?
What life advice would psychopaths give to neurotypicals?
What is it like being in a relationship with a psychopath?
Are dads with a victim mentality too lazy to raise a boy?
How can I ingratiate myself into the inner circle of a psychopath after being tossed aside?
As a person who has bipolar disorder, what was the bravest thing you have ever done in your life?
By avoiding pessimism, could you combat paranoia?
Why are depressed people blamed for all their problems?
What does “borderline” mean in personality disorders?
If you cut yourself, are you depressed?
Is victim mentality an excuse for lazyness?
How do I stop feeling inferior to others because I have social anxiety?
Can you share some stories about childhood emotional abuse or psychological traumas?
Why is sleep so important for someone who has bipolar disorder?
How do you heal from traumatic attachments?
Can I heal my anxiety, or is it something I have to deal with for the rest of my life?
Do people with bipolar disorder views others with disdain during grandiosity?
Should I consult a psychiatrist or psychologist, as I have lost control over myself and want to end my life?
What are some significant differences between sociopaths and psychopaths?
What are the somatic symptoms of anxiety?
Should I go to a psychiatrist? I have this habit of repeating actions and mental rituals. I have to start my day by washing my face 64 times.
Why is being paranoid bad?
Why does life feel understandable when we are depressed?
How does Dramamine help with motion sickness or panic attacks when flying?
Why do people who are ignorant about mental illnesses brush off a person with a mental illness as just a "crazy person"?
Are there any respected psychologists and biologists who still believe that homosexuality is a disorder?
Can I be a police officer with mild depression?
Does masturbation affect mental activity?
Do we temporarily run out of anxiety hormones/neurotransmitters after intense anxiety?
Can Adderall cause depression?
If someone started up a website strictly for people to commit suicide live on, what would happen?
How do I help someone in my family circle that I suspect of having borderline personality disorder?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
How do I get over the feelings of depression and negativity while preparing for the Prelims?
Why do people in India hesitate to seek psychological help?
How would a psychopath and sociopath interact with each other?
How do you really know you have depression?
How do I deal with a stressful birth mom?
Why are depressed people usually smarter?
How do you make yourself not depressed anymore?
Can medical marijuana be used to treat bipolar disorder type I?
Why do auditory hallucinations happen?
Can you have depression but also be happy, have fun and laugh some times?
Can a mentally ill person recognize that they are mentally ill?
What are the ways to overcome a plateau situation of one's personal growth?
How do I treat OCD contact contamination by myself?
Is there an analogue of a "baby box/hatch" for suicidal people?
How do people with bipolar disorder know when the mania phase will end and they will fall into a depression?
How do I find other positive, productive people who have MPD (multiple personality disorder)?
Would someone who feels strongly about a​ religious belief but does not attribute it to any known religion be considered mentally ill?
How can a depressed person still have a better life than a billionaire?
Is there any way to convince a hostile sociopath to get treatment?
Why are psychopaths so unattractive?
How did you overcome your mental block as a Quora writer?
What is a selfish reason to not commit suicide, when living doesn't seem worth it?
Why do I feel depressed? I want to commit suicide.
How can I let go of anxiety and concern that I could die young?
Can cheek dimples appear later in life?
Have you ever had a miraculous recovery from an illness?
If you become depressed, do you stay that way?
What duration of temozolomide therapy would you recommend to a patient with glioblastoma multiforme and a positive MGMT methylation status?
Are some people born with a tendancy to develop ADHD?
What are some good psychologists in Boston who work with Aetna student health?
How do I differentiate between someone with borderline or histronic personality disorder, or how can I tell if someone has comorbidity with the two?
I am extremely suicidal these days. What should I do? Just bought a pack of naphthalene balls today. I am scared of life.
I am lonely and depressed, would you help me?
If bipolar and borderline disorders are so similar, why is it so hard to get treatment for the BPD in terms of medications but, not for bipolar?
How do we help people who suffer from depression as a result of altering their online identities to mask their fears or for other reasons?
How can I prepare myself mentally for sharing a bed with strangers?
How can you get a highly depressed person to visit a psychotherapist/psychologist?
Is depression a bad thing?
I am 17 but my mental age is 34. Is it normal?
How can I deal with a phobic neurosis?
Does depression go away with time?
Can healthy behaviours be preventive or can they be rehabilitated?
Have you ever stopped a person attempting suicide with just words?
Why is suicide always associated with depression?
Do psychologist ever silently judge their patients while giving therapy?
Do psychologists/psychiatrists secretly judge or dislike their patients?
What are the core symptoms of bipolar disorder and how can I know that I'm having that or not without consulting?
Why do I feel so tired, numb, and depressed all the time?
How can you stop depersonalization?
Why are so many complex ptsd sufferers uncomfortable with close freindships?
Is there a safe pill to temporarily induce depression or anxiety?
What psychological thinking causes people to commit suicide?
Who are some people who have had severe illnesses and survived?
As a psychopath, what are your greatest pleasures in life?
Can love sickness cause bipolar disorder?
Can a mental health professional answer my questions about the treatment of depression with ayahuasca?
Is it normal to be depressed and self-conscious even though you've never been bullied?
What are the best (stand out) apps for meditation, mental health and well-being?
How can someone get rid of the wounds of rejection?
What are some mental activities I can do now as an adult to avoid senility in my older years?
Was committing suicide the right thing for Hannah Baker to do? Why?
How can I cope up with adult separation anxiety?
Why are psychopaths attracted to the INFJ personality type?
Can graffiti help you cope with OCD?
How do I cure my social anxiety disorder?
I have depression and anxiety, and I failed out of college. What do I do now?
What are some symptoms of compulsive exercise disorder?
I feel highly depressed ATM. I tried to find something to bring me out of darkness, but nothing worked. What should I do now?
What are techniques to overcome traumatic experiences?
Can a person be both bipolar and schizophrenic?
Can BPD be cured?
I hate my PhD advisor, because he does not appreciate me. How do I stop getting affected by him so much?
I feel normal when my mind is distracted, but when I have nothing to do, I go crazy and feel suicidal. Is this normal?
Does borderline personality disorder affect memory?
Shouldn't the addiction that many people have to their cell phones be considered a mental illness?
Why can't I focus on my schoolwork?
How best can one deal with depression?
Where does depression end and narcissism begin?
How popular is psychotherapy in Japan?
Are there any mental health professionals interested in being interviewed?
Does the journey to enlightenment cause depression?
Is anxiety disorder generally followed by depression?
Why do people with schizoaffective disorder accuse their friends of doing things they haven't done?
How do I apply cognitive behavioral therapy in my busy day, as I am suffering from depression and anxiety?
Is lateral thinking the amount of net knowledge gained or just a mental ability?
Is it wrong to feel constant depression?
Why do people with borderline personality disorder have self identity issues?
Why do I feel empty unless I self harm?
Has Ronald Bartetzko suffered from PTSD after the wars he has fought? If so, how has he coped with it?
Can PCOS cause depression?
Other than cognitive behavioural therapy (ERP) and medication, is there any effective treatment for OCD?
Is there really something like depression?
How do you deal with feeling depressed about politics and current affairs?
Is rage in bipolar disorder considered a symptom or a coping mechanism?
What is PISTA therapy?
Why are so many people becoming so sensitive about life and relationships (both physically and mentally) and committing suicide nowadays?
What is the connection point between alexithymia and depression?
What sort of hallucinations have you had with bipolar psychosis? Can you see the same things or people over and over?
What are some specific topics to discuss with a male psychologist when you're a guy and suffer from PTSD?
Is being a clinical psychologist stressful? Clinical psychologists talk to depressed people everyday, so do they also get depressed by that?
Is medication necessary for BPD?
Does counselling help even if the person is adamant about not cooperating with the counsellor?
Can I get over PTSD and anxiety without medication?
How can you tell a jerk from a narcissist?
How can I cope better with my step-daughter who has bi polar disorder?
What are the worst cases of schizophrenia disorders?
Is it selfish to dwell on your own mental health issues when family members rely on you to be strong?
Is there a difference or a benefit to working with a psychologist, as opposed to working with an LCSW, LMFT, LPC, etc., for talk therapy?
How does it feel to have an anxiety attack?
How do people consume high THC marijuana without having anxiety/panic attacks?
Should I tell my teacher I am depressed?
How can I overcome my depression? I've been feeling lost for 3 years, and I can't find my way out.
Is there evidence that depression and social anxiety kill a person's creativity?
Do I have a mental disorder if all I think about is what mental disorder I have and I'm always looking at myself in mirrors?
Why are there people with colonial mentality?
How can you tell if a depressed person still loves you?
How do I stop feeling depressed cause of the world around me?
How can you tell if I am bipolar?
Does a doctor (other than a psychiatrist) with depression treat his depression by himself?
I have uneasy feeling in area above umbilicus, nausea and frequent defecation along with fear. Does it mean I have anxiety?
Why don't the mentally ill want to admit that they're sick and need help? I am asking because this help could be life-saving.
What should I do if I am suffering from depression, but I don't have money for a therapist?
Why does marijuana cause anxiety?
I used to hear things that weren't really there every night until I moved to a different house. I don't hear them any more. What is this?
In any situation, do you think first or feel first? Which takes precedence?
What is the best ayurvedic destination for treatment of depression and anxiety?
What are some short and long term solutions for someone with BPD who has failed to properly budget for monthly expenses?
How do I motivate myself since I am depressed because of betrayal?
How should one deal with the stress and depression when he is failing and his colleagues are succeeding?
What should I do about my depression symptoms? Should I seek medical help?
What is God for people with mental disorders and how do they see Him?
Are there psychopaths who don't wear masks?
How can I recover from anhedonia after discontinuing antipsychotics?
What is the best way to commit suicide and not die?
How do I cope up with depression? I'm not sure if it's depression or sadness or if I am generally like this.
I have been diagnosed recently with borderline persoanlity disorder and I have been feeling that I made everything up. Is it common to feel that way?
How can you tell if you’re a psychopath?
Why is it that some people constantly feel depressed?
How do I help my depressed brother?
Is there a mindset I can adopt or a way that can help me to maintain my relationship with my sister who has BPD?
What advice would mental health professionals give to a young adult considering this field of work?
How do people deal with mental health problems?
How effective is exposure therapy?
Is it better to have anxiety about something and yet do it well, or to have confidence but do it terribly?
I have a friend who I really care about but I dread seeing him. He has a mental illness so is sometimes volatile company. How can I be supportive?
Why does Quora act like a therapist?
How can you cope with the thought that you will be the same person forever?
How do you know when your teenager is depressed?
What is Trump's mental health?
Is autism seen in a similar way as mental illness?
Do people with BPD generally have difficulty with budgeting?
How can I remain laser focused, despite having 5-6 hours of sleep (like Elon Musk, Nikola Tesla etc.)?
Is it normal to have memory problems with bipolar? Sometimes I don't know that I did something a week ago or that I wrote things to people and now I can't remember.
Sometimes I have delusional/psychotic thoughts that only last for a few minutes. What is wrong with me?
What are the most common types of psychotherapy, and how do they relate to specific mental health issues?
What does Athena Walker think is the reason when neurotypicals or psychopaths become bad, abusive, and otherwise nasty people?
What mental health illnesses or disorders can alcohol cause?
What steps should an introvert take to get out of depression?
How can you tell if someone is a narcissist or clinically depressed if both seem to push you away and use silent treatment?
How do you cope with a mad, psychotic person?
Could anxiety medication help me get through an existential crisis?
What herbs can I take to nullify an anxiety attack?
Can God take away my anxiety?
Why is major depression inconsolable?
I know very short moments of perceived out-of-body-experiences. Does that mean I have a clinical form of dissociative disorder?
Are psychopaths purely instinctive the way animals are?
How do psychopaths keep their masks clean?
Have you ever had a partner who suffered dependant PD and Avoidant PD? How did you manage?
How would a narcissist survive in solitary confinement?
How can you describe the different types of psychological disorders?
Are mentally organized people more likely to appear disorganized because they can easily deal with disorganized information?
How do psychopaths feel when people tell them that they should be compassionate?
How do I learn to cope with my BPD?
What are the best method of all around rapid mental calculations?
Does smoking cannabis cause psychosis in bipolar 2 disorder?
How do I stop panic/anxiety attacks that happen in school?
What is anger disorder? How can I help my brother in it?
I have borderline personality disorder. I'm scared I will never live a normal life. What can I do?
Can risperidone cause anhedonia, and will it go away once it’s off?
What happens in therapy for dissociative identity disorder?
What do you do when someone you love has a secret eating disorder, how do you confront them?
How should a person determine if they need to see a psychologist?
I am seeing animal shadows and hallucinations. I hope that I’m not going to lose my mind. Are there others with this kind of problem?
How can someone tell if they have anxiety?
What is mild bipolar disorder like?
As a mental health professional, what are some key things you do for self-care?
Is it common that people with bipolar disorder suffer from memory problems as well?
If a mental illness is impacting your job performance, does it make sense to talk to HR or your manager about it? What are the risks?
How will be the life with a psychopath?
Why am I insane?
What defines someone as a psychopath?
What do psychopaths think of the Hare psychopathy checklist?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
How do I stop feeling like a loser just because I have social anxiety?
Does anyone in India consult therapists or seek psychological counseling?
Is there any mention of depression and anxiety in the ancient texts of India?
How can I deal with a person who mentally harasses me and then becomes silent, and this routine continues?
What is social anxiety? How do you distract yourself from it?
I think I have bipolar disorder and I'm scared to tell my parents. What should I do?
What would a hallucinogenic trip be like for a sociopath?
I’m 23 and ever since I was 20, I’ve had issues with depression and paranoia mainly because of social media. People say I’m schizo. What should I do?
If psychopaths are motivated by power, then is it their goal to make you admit to being weaker or inferior to them in some way?
Should we really care if people get "triggered" by media or content?
Has depression changed your original personality?
How can a person overcome his depression, when in every direction, he or she is getting failure?
What is the average length of a relationship with a psychopath?
How often do people with paranoid schizophrenia hear voices? Also, I don't understand how people don't realize they're hallucinating?
Is it true that people from today show the same symptoms shown by schizophrenic patients in the 50s?
How do I get rid of my sexual performance anxiety?
I have a mental illness. My manager found out with background checks. She told everyone. How would you handle this if you were me? (Besides quitting)
Which is better, death or becoming a psychopath?
What is OCD sufferers attempting to neutralize negative thought with positive thoughts called?
I was physically abused as a child, how can I prevent getting cancer (Based on research)?
To treat mental depression, is homeopathy better than alopathy?
Can you have PTSD from being raised by terrible parents and living with them in a very stressful environment? Is it possible?
What is the best way to live with chronic depression?
What do depressed people think of the one who always listens to them and encourages them?
Do dentists get to read your mental health history when you go for a checkup?
How do you deal with performance anxiety at work?
What have you learned from sculpture art in your life? I mean, what changed in regard to your character and your mental abilities after learning about sculpture?
What are some tips to maintain energy for heavy studying for a month?
Is pretentiousness a mental sickness?
How do I commit suicide?
Do people realize the difference between the psychopath (ASPD) and the psychopath who is neuro-untypical?
Why do I feel bad that my friends don't acknowledge my eating disorder?
What are the types of a multiple personality disorder?
How should a chalk eating disorder, or consumption of other non-food stuffs, be treated?
What can help if the person suffers from depression since birth (or early childhood)?
What are the ways you deal with stress?
Is anxious of lossing your love a sign of any mental illnes?
How do I tell my mum I want to see a GP about social anxiety and depression? (16)
Can I just go to a psychologist without a doctor’s referral?
How do people deal with schizophrenia and social life?
Do males with BPD often appear as psychopaths and get misdiagnosed as such?
How do I deceive someone into believing that I am a psychopath?
How common is it to feel guilty for no legitimate reasons at all if you have bipolar disorder?
How can I get professional help for depression as a teenager?
Do psychiatrists have to pass through their own therapy?
Why am I so depressed without a girl?
What should you keep in mind if you have a mental illness and is afraid of dying?
Can my doctor prescribe an antidepressant without even speaking to me about being depressed?
Why is mental illness awareness so important in the world?
Do you think that we can overcome our carnal desires?
Regularly, I feel euphoric and energetic out of the blue, but it's soon followed by a stage of severe depression. Should I see a doctor?
Should I tell people I got my GED at 22?
How can literature help to overcome stress, heartbreak, and depression?
Is a borderline personality disorder a sociopath or a psychopath?
Is it possible to fully recover from severe depression? What does it take?
At what point should you seek medical help for anxiety?
Are liberals mentally ill?
Did humans invent emotion?
What does it mean to be an atheist and have bipolar disorder?
If Trump tries to end Social Security, what will happen to the mentally ill people?
How do you explain in a letter of explanation about your depression?
Is there a way to drastically increase memory speed?
Is a psychopath capable of mimicking the expression of fear or empathy in their eyes?
What should I do if I have OCD and I experience panic attacks?
Did human invent fear?
How do I convince a depressed girl to study?
A Quoran programmer is mentally sick. What course of action should he follow?
What if we all are schizophrenic and all of our lives are just a delusion?
Why does doing a PhD lead to depression?
Why do so many Wikipedians publicly list their mental and physical illnesses in their userbox sections?
Do you think Kelsey Grammer (Frasier) could give sound psychiatric advice?
How common is it to lose friends when you are manic?
Is there any misdiagnosis of mental illness?
What is the relationship between depression and the brain in human beings?
How can isolation lead to schizophrenia and related disorders?
How can you tell if a sociopath is using you or if he/she likes you? (Or at least respects you).
If you have a loved one with borderline personality disorder, how do you cope?
What all depression can do to an elderly and how it can be cured?
What is the maximum score that a sociopath can get on the PCL-R?
Why is mental illness awareness so important in the U.S.?
What's the difference between a kid who's hyper and one who has a hyperactive disorder?
In my family, all the adult members keep on fighting. What should I do?
What ultimately happens to a sociopath?
If someone were born in this generation claiming to be god, all of us would think he was mentally ill. Then why should we believe what happened in the past?
How can I control the BO during anxiety?
What is the difference between PTSD and Avoidant personality disorder?
Should I get help for my anxiety? If so how?
What kind of hallucinations might someone with schizophrenia have?
Can your own suicide attempt lead to you getting PTSD?
How do I deal with attention bias if I suffer from OCD?
How do you deal with performance anxiety?
What improvements do nurses/doctors think are needed in mental health treatment today? This is for a paper on the evolution of psychiatric treatments.
Does smoking weed help the mania and/or depression of people who are bipolar?
I have visited a terrorist website and saw a lot of graphic contents. I am feeling very depressed after seeing them. How can I recover?
What does it feel like having social anxiety disorder? Let us hear your stories.
How is OCD related to panic attacks?
Why would would someone (e.g. Athena Walker) seem proud to be a psychopath?
What's the psychology behind writing messages but not sending them to the person for whom you wrote them?
As a psychopath, how much would someone have to pay you to never be able to purposefully manipulate anyone again in the future?
How would have been to have depression in medieval times?
What if I have bipolar disorder and want to live a long life?
Do serial killers believe they're mentally ill or know about why they feel the way they do?
What would be a catchy slogan for mental health campaigns?
Is it possible to have a sociopath with some regular emotions, or is there a different term for that altogether?
Why do I get so depressed after I leave a certain person?
Do some people think that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live on SSI/SSDI?
What kind of person with bipolar shuts themselves away?
How do you tell your parents that you sought help alone and got diagnosed with depression?
My girlfriend wants to check herself into a mental hospital. What do I do?
Why do we get suicidal?
How do I deal with a psychopathic professor?
The thought of working every day for the rest of my life makes me feel depressed and trapped. Why do I feel like this and how can I get out of it?
Could using a total of 200mg of quetiapine made any permanent mental changes that can't be reversed with time?
Why do you have to be 25 before you can get diagnosed with the psychopathy of ASPD? Is it like that with others as well, like schizoid PD and NPD?
What is the opposite of a sociopath?
What are the best crystals to control anxiety?
What's it like to have a psychopath parent?
How do I prepare myself for the AFSB both physically and mentally?
Why is it so hard to break the perfectionist mentality?
I’m 30. I cry almost everyday and I'm highly depressed. I hide it from my parents and closest friends. Is it normal?
I have schizophrenia for about 17 years, what should I do?
Have any of you "psychopaths" tried an antidepressant?
How does one "feel" when they have psychopathy?
Who's more dangerous, a high functioning NPD or a low functioning narcissist?
I am extremely sensitive to sound when I'm relaxing. The tiniest sudden sound will make my head blow. What's wrong with me?
Can I have depression if I don't feel depressed when I am occupied with something?
Why do questioners think it's okay to say "insane" especially in light of mental health awareness?
What makes some people cry as soon as they enter therapy for the first time, while it takes others a long time to be able to cry in therapy?
What is it like being both autistic and socially anxious?
What classifications of mental disorders existed in 1920s?
Why are the nurses working in the hospitals so ignorant about mental illnesses?
As a person with a mental illness, how should you deal with someone calling you "crazy"?
How do you become a mental health nurse in the UK?
What medical condition causes anxiety when exposed to sunlight?
Is it weird to start working with a therapist to not only continue your therapy but also to address the loss of your last counselor?
Are most successful people psychopaths or have psychopathic tendencies?
How should I handle someone who doesn't apologize?
Why are people with a personality disorder manipulative?
How do I get rid of my anxiety? I had a fit of anger which led me to tell someone off.
What is your experience with treating depression using meds?
How does it take people years before they realise they're bipolar?
Are people with lower social anxiety levels easier to mentor (because they more willingly approach people you suggest)?
Why do I always seem to get suicidal and at least somewhat depressed when I'm anxious and stressed out (usually from school)?
What are the things that make us, as psychopaths, human?
What are some projects or initiatives that you are working on to reduce the stigma associated with mental illness?
Does sex cure depression?
How do I get rid of the mental block and distrust towards people?
How can I identify harmful internalized thoughts?
Are mental disorders only triggered by trauma?
How is a separation anxiety disorder diagnosed?
Is there something mentally wrong with me? Acedia? BPD? Apathy? Why do I feel like this?
Is a near sudden lack (and gradual decline) of sentimentality necessarily a sign of depression, or is it acceptable as fairly often experienced by people as they age?
How do I help manage/understand/support a loved one that suffers from depression, anxiety, & anger issues?
Why am I always anxious when I take notes?
Why are footballers suffering from mental illness?
How can a person overcome the initial reluctance s/he may feel when seeing a psychologist for the first time?
Are there any circumstances where I shouldn't tell my psychologist something?
Would it be appropriate to email your therapist to see how they are doing after an illness?
Why do I feel depressed when I lose in a giveaway everytime?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of installing horizontal engines instead of vertical engines in a bike?
Why do so many people think sadism and psychopathy are the same?
What is your experience with learning how to write with your non-dominant hand and how has it affected your life?
What are the best solutions to overcome social anxiety?
Can a GP (general practitioner) diagnose you as bipolar?
How do you know you need counselling, medication, or psychotherapy?
What is the one thing/habit that always comes around continuously and makes you depressed/sad/worn out?
What is the best medication for bipolar 2?
How can you attain peace when you are mentally suffering from something?
In theory at least, do we all have mental health problems?
What are some signs that psychological therapy/counseling is "working"?
How can I be more helpful to my bipolar friend?
How long will it take me to get extremely skinny and sick looking?
Can you have depression while people around you can't notice?
How do I deal with low grades due to sleep deprivation (5 hours every night for 2 years)?
How do I stop having expectations for my family?
How do I stop annoying friends when I’m depressed?
What are some things that can be done to help someone fight depression?
What is the subtle difference between psychosomatic sensations and tactile hallucinations?
What forms of self-harm are there?
Is there a name for a feeling/condition where you're not depressed but you feel like you should be?
Should we really blame the NPD while we understand that he is a mentally ill person?
What was the view of mental health in Victorian times?
Does insanity always have a physiological background?
Has anyone dealt with a psychopath/sociopath who committed a serious crime such as murder/rape? If so, what was your experience like with them?
What mental ilnesses cause apathy?
If you have seen a therapist years ago and returning to therapy, how do you introduce this information about previous psychologists or counselors?
What is a good way to evaluate if you and your psychologist will be a good fit?
Why is suicide legal while the attempt of suicide is illegal?
What are the things in a person's life that make them mentally healthy?
How do anti-anxiety meds work? Will they make me stop thinking about the thing I'm anxious about?
Is PTSD an abnormal reaction to trauma?
How do I control my anxiety while studying? Often while studying, all kinds of thoughts on the 5 exams I should sustain appear and I start to panic.
What universities offer free courses in mental health?
If you go to student health services and don't think their psychologist is helpful, what should you do?
Can you get out of a MAPPA level 2 after discharge from a mental health hospital in England?
Is taking a gap year for my mental health a bad thing? Why is everyone making it sound so bad?
What does ‘trigger’ mean with someone who has BPD?
Would everyone benefit from a therapist?
What depression medications are you on?
Why does everyone think that preventing a well-reasoned suicide is an acceptable action?
Does a BPD diagnosed person, accept this diagnosis? If yes, when does that person come to acceptance?
My pregnant girlfriend doesn't want to have sex with me anymore. How do I deal with this?
Is 13 Reasons Why harmful or helpful to people suffering from depression?
How did ancient civilizations handle mental illnesses?
How can bipolar disorder be recognised?
How do you convince your parents that going to a therapist/psychologist doesn't make you an abnormal person?
What is the best strategy for those whose therapy sessions are limited? My insurance only covers 10 sessions a year.
Do all people who self-harm have problems, or are they doing this just because they see that others are doing it?
If someone you know might commit suicide but they said not to tell anyone, what do you do?
Can being bipolar lead to compulsive lying?
Why do I get very depressed?
If I feel like my psychologist is not treating me objectively, is that a reason to seek a new psychologist? Or is it not really that important?
How do you become motivated and lively after years of depression?
Why are people so afraid of anti-depressant/anxiety medications? Are the side effects that severe? Can they change you? Are they permanent?
How can someone deal with nervous breakdowns?
How do you cope with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD)?
What are examples of environmental factors in mental health?
What is psychotic depression, and what causes it? Is it more than one major depressive episode?
What are healthy alternatives to self harming?
How do North Americans feel about their mental health?
Does forcing myself to do things help cure depression?
Is there a bot you can talk to when you’re depressed?
What's the best way to find a psychologist?
How does Vicodin affect depression?
I’m extremely sad. How can I overcome it?
Is there a life experience that could potentially change a sociopath or psychopath for good?
Could I have histrionic personality disorder?
What kinds of neuropsychological testing should a specialist perform on a potential ADHD patient before they are prescribed Adderall?
Which is crazier, those giving guns to mentally unstable people or mentally unstable people with guns?
How can I be more comforting to my bipolar friend? The friend has untreated bipolar disorder.
How do I stop being so anxious and self concious?
Is retardation only negative?
Why does megaloblastic anemia cause hallucinations?
Psychopaths show a lack of fear, but is it a complete lack? Does anything make them afraid?
What are some examples of conduct disorder?
What do I do when I'm depressed so that I don't hurt myself?
Could a personal drill sergeant help you overcome some of the lethargic affects of depression?
Do psychopaths have to wear a mask?
What should I do if I am a manic depressive?
What poems are representative of the subject of mental illness?
How do you feel about others not understanding your anxiety disorder?
Is there a nice psychopath?
Should chronically-depressed patients be allowed to have access to a medically-assisted death?
Is a "multiple body disorder" ever recorded?
How do you make a relationship work long term with a psychopath/sociopath?
Are people with mental illnesses like depression, anorexia and/or obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) the hardest to love?
Can I see a therapist even though I’m not sure if I have a mental disorder?
Can someone with pure obsessional OCD have a fear about themselves such as being a psycopath, which doesn't stem from intrusive thoughts?
How can one remove depression when one is away from home?
Why aren't we the same person mentally that we were say even 5 minutes ago?
What do you do if you discover that you are a psychopath?
Have you ever think of committing a suicide?
Are social anxiety and sociopathy related in any way?
Is it normal to have thoughts about children?
How can I maintain purpose in my life as an introverted (relatively successful) university student (who also has tinnitus/chronic depression)?
Can you become a nurse if you have a history of an eating disorder?
Why are people resistant to seeing a psychologist for the first time?
Does a person develop BPD over time in adulthood?
Who would benefit from talking to a psychologist? Everyone or only the mentally ill?
My brother is going away for college and I can't help but to feel very depressed. How do I deal with this change?
Do psychopaths ever feel like life is a game?
How do girls overcome a hard breakup from mental stress?
How should one keep anxiety at bay?
Can depression be completely cured? If yes, how did you realize that you are absolutely fine?
How do people on Xanax or other powerful anti-anxiety drugs respond to a legitimate threat to their safety?
What are the symptoms of a child with depression?
Has anyone ever been broken up with because of your mental illness? How did you cope?
What benefits have you noticed—physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually—from doing the Kuji-in? And how long have you been doing them?
Have you been in therapy when you were young and did it really help you?
How do you deal with a manic depressive?
How bad does an event need to be to shatter a 6-9-year-old's innocence?
When adversities mentally pressure us, what mental processes get affected? For example, 'thinking' and 'understanding' are not that easy for me when under mental pressure.
Why do some guys hate their looks and always live in depression?
What is your opinion on slurs like feminazi & autism being used harmfully & the future consequences of that use?
Is procrastination a mental condition which could also be related to low IQ, depression and ADHD?
How do guys feel about dating girls with mental illnesses?
Can anxiety cause suicidal thoughts or is it only a depression thing?
Does floatation therapy work?
Does exercise really make depression go away?
How does functional MRI amygdala biofeedback insights offer tools for the next generation of mindfulness practitioners and self treating depression?
Is there a quality of life after a lifelong struggle with depression?
My fiance is mentally ill. What should I do?
Why am I depressed and can't sleep?
Will I get a panic attack if I drink alcohol?
What comorbid effects are typical of persons with mania, PTSD, and autism combined?
How do I "break up" with my psychologist or therapist if I think it's not a good fit?
How can I be supportive for someone with a bipolar disorder?
Is it common for psychopaths to break out in full blown night sweats and drench the bedsheets?
How do I stop kids at my school from making fun of my depression (they tend to mock it)?
How did you overcome your medication resistant depression? Is it even possible to do this?
Did Hitler have a mental disorder or something?
What mental health laws would you change?
What books have helped you better understand or overcome self-harm?
How do you tell your boss you have mental illness and still hope to keep your job?
Are there any subtypes to sociopathy/psychopathy?
What is the treatment for schizoid personality disorder like?
Can you use methylphenidate (methylin) to cope with OCD?
Can depression disqualify me from getting a diversity visa DV1?
What does one do if one does not have the resources to cope with stress?
Is it weird that I want a psychopath as a friend?
Is a neutrotypical with psychopatic traits called a sociopath?
Who has experience with adult selective mutism?
What's the difference between someone with ASPD and someone with social anxiety and depression?
What are some interesting paranoia stories of people with schizophrenia?
Is it rational to make yourself believe something for your own mental health? Would it be moral?
Should I be afraid of psychopaths/sociopaths?
What are the drugs for social anxiety?
How can you study without feeling depressed?
Can a depressed person do academics?
What is some legitimate work I can do from home (the UK)? I suffer badly from anxiety, panic attacks & depression, which has led to my lack of work.
Which is the most common cause of suicides and what is the most common way of suicide?
Is perfectionism a mental disorder?
What do we do with a depressed person who doesn't seem to want to get well?
Why do I remain confused and do silly mistakes? Is it any medical or psychological problem?
What is the diffference between delusion and depressive rumination?
How do I make myself mentally stronger?
How can I help my dog with separation anxiety when I'm home most of the time?
Believers in which religion are least likely to commit suicide?
I show a lot of symptoms for a few mental disorders. How can I be sure?
Is mental illness, in America, a result of problems within society/culture as a whole?
Is Batman psychologically insane?
How do you know you are not mentally ill, like in Fight Club?
How do you cope with depression and NPD?
Why can I only work when there's something else that's urgent?
Can I develop an attachment disorder to an abuser?
Can you give me the characteristics of a person who has bipolar depression?
If a job application asks if I have a mental illness, should I be honest or lie and tick no?
Do you think the bombardment of bad news by the media can cause depression?
Why do psychopaths try to correct and educate people about psychopathy while they can benefit from people's ignorance of the subject?
Can you just ask someone whether he is a psychopath or not?
I haven't taken my anti-depressant medication for over a year now. In the past month I experienced depressive relapses. Should I take my meds again?
Can you develop PTSD by having your child taken away by CPS?
How do you budget when you have bipolar?
Is CAMHS deliberately trying to drive me to suicide?
Do psychopaths feel disgusted by things like vomit, feces, or cannibalism?
Why do intrusive thoughts cause anxiety?
Is there a way to do math mentally for those who are handicapped that they cannot write?
Apart from mindfulness exercises and without using drugs to calm me down, what are some tips and tricks for overcoming anxiety?
How can I reduce pre-result anxiety?
How can I commit suicide without people finding out?
Are people with low EQ easier to suffer from depression?
Can alternate personalities develop without trauma happening?
I think my brother has social anxiety, how can I help him?
How do I get a depressed person go to drug rehabilitation?
I have antisocial traits. How would I get along with a psychopath?
Have you found that caffeine helps with your bipolar disorder symptoms?
How can one go from feeling overwhelmed and depressed to accepting their lot and cheerfully making the best of it?
How do I get rid of continuous unuseful, less meaningful, depressed thoughts?
What is the quickest way to commit suicide?
Can a sociopath love and be co-dependent?
After taking care of ill parents, I became mentally ill. What should I do?
What are the things, a manager mentally equips himself with just before he takes charge?
How do I deal with my sociopathic tendencies?
What are some tricks and hacks that can be used in an Android application to help users overcome depression?
Has anyone tried committing suicide?
Can children of borderline personality disorder, not have it but can develop traits of it?
What do investors do when they find out the person has a history of depression?
How can I appear normal when I have ASPD?
Which is worse, depression or anxiety?
How do you help someone with depression when you are living in a different country?
Is mental strength and resolve is as important as physical strength?
I fear that a sudden, loud or soft noise will distract me. I can't control it and my brain automatically stresses when it hears a sound. What is that?
Are procrastination and fickle-mindedness mental conditions?
What are the disadvantages of being a psychopath?
Should we commit suicide or not?
Are people who suffer from depression lazy?
Why do psychologists refuse to diagnose patients with some personality disorders?
Can cannabis cure or lessen the severity of anxiety disorders particularly social anxiety?
Should we feel sorry for psychopaths?
Do psychopaths think they would be as successful as they are right now if they hadn't been born psychopaths?
Can depression patients sue Facebook?
What is anaclitic depression in adults?
Would asking for help for my mental health issues be remotely worth it considering my situation?
Can anxiety lead to phobia? And what's the difference between them?
What is considered traumatizing enough to suffer from PTSD?
What's a good way to stop the anxiety-causing thoughts when they come?
Is the Catholic Church against ECT? If so, can you point me in the direction to find the literature on this teaching?
What is schizophrenia, and is it a disorder?
Is having full anger and other mood swings during a manic episode normal with bipolar?
Why is everyone so obsessed with psychopaths and other mental illnesses?
Is discarding and destroying what should be treasured possessions a warning sign of impending suicide attempt?
Can a therapist see that I have antisocial traits?
Does music play on repeat in the head of an autistic person more severely the more anxious they become?
Is there any mental illness associated with excessive anthropomorphizing?
If you ask your therapist if you have a personality disorder, are they obligated to tell you?
If a depressed person has addictions, can he go to rehab?
Is there a mental disorder where you start behaving exactly like someone else?
Does being a psychopath automatically make you a bad, or dangerous person?
Do psychopaths suffer because of their personality disorder?
What are the signs of a personality disorder in a 50 year old male?
What keeps libertarians from going full-blown anarcho-capitalist?
How does alziemer disorder happen?
Can a person with a binge eating disorder be a normal weight?
I read about Junko Furuta and now I am depressed, do you have any advice?
Was Marx mentally ill?
Do you ever get exam anxiety? How do you deal with it and stop it from affecting your performance?
What should I do to stop my depression forever as a 15-year-old high schooler?
How should I deal with paranoia if I have bipolar disorder?
What is a depressed mood?
How can you treat auditory hallucinations?
What effect(s) of lithium withdrawal should I expect?
Is the prevalence of mental illness increasing?
What's a psychological disorder that's common but not many people know about it?
How do people with mental illnesses manage to become successful?
What is the best way to support/deal with a loved one that suffers from depression, anxiety, and (possibly) OCD?
How does avoidant personality disorder differ from other personality disorders?
Would you take a pill that will take away any mental disorders and will make you happy for the rest of your life, but will take away 30 IQ points?
I stopped smoking 4 months ago, after 36 years. I've been slowly sinking into a depression ever since and my life is falling apart. What can I do?
How do people survive prolonged horrific suffering?
Do people with schizophrenia remember what it was like before they developed symptoms of the illness?
Why do we have mental conversations with ourselves?
How can someone get over being shocked mentally?
How do I handle depression and frustration caused by not being able to travel?
Can I have anorexia if I eat? Do I have a different eating disorder?
When dying, is it "wrong" to take up tobacco and alcohol to get through the pain mentally and physically?
Would you want to know that you have dementia?
Why do people use the word depressed as a synonym for sad?
Is being overly judgmental about yourself sign of depression?
How do I cure social phobia?
Borderline Personality Disorder: As a BPD sufferer who has undergone any of the current treatment methods (CBT, DBT, mentalization) successfully, do you think it cured you completely or did it just give you a set of coping/control skills?
I have a paranoid schizophrenic son. Is there hope?
How would a patient suffer from mental deterioration upon withdrawing from a prescription drug when they didn't suffer while taking it?
How do “high-functioning” ASPDs react to their diagnosis?
Do you get depressed, if your life goal was becoming rich, and you finally are?
What are the differences between psychology, psychiatry and psychotherapy?
How do I turn fear into motivation rather than depression?
Does attributing mental health disorders to genetics let abusers off the hook? Is it really nature or nurture?
What would a romantic relationship between a female and male who both have borderline personality disorder look like?
How can I become healthy and mentally strong?
What should I do when my mind stops thinking and I get depressed?
Are a lot of people in the world experiencing paranoia?
How do physically/mentally disabled people meet their emotional needs when they are not being met by loved ones?
Does taking Fluoxetine for depression and a mild eating disorder affect my personality?
What are some ways of getting back my interest in college work? I have depression.
Am I in a quarter-life crisis with my exams? I'm 18 years old and I feel depressed, even though I don't suffer from depression.
How do I cope with reality and anxiety?
How did you overcome the residual fatigue after recovering from depression?
What is wrong with a mentally ill person wanting equal rights compared to mentally healthy people?
Is it true that all artists suffer from mental illnesses? Do they always do drugs?
What are some ideas for calming an anxious person?
Is there anyone who doesn't want to commit suicide but wants the world to end?
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
Why are the mentally ill people treated like criminals even if they didn't commit any crimes?
What is the worst thing to say to a depressed person?
If anti-psychotic drug usage in the elderly leads to increased mortality rates, what happens to schizophrenia sufferers in their old age?
Why do people like to bully mentally ill people?
For people who have NPD and have awakened to their disorder, what specifically was it that made you suddenly become aware of your disorder?
What are the causes of an anxiety attack?
Can I go into psychosis while on antipsychotics? Has this happened to anyone before?
What are the different types of psychotherapy for mental Illnesses?
Does hypnotherapy have a permanent effect on curing our anxiety issues?
What would happen if a normal person was kept on SSRI Prozac psychiatric medicine, with doses of 37.5mg/day?
What kind of superpowers can be associated with your mental state or your desires?
In spite of therapy and medications, I'm still depressed and have many crying spells daily. Any additional advice on coping?
Do you think dabbling with spiritism, magic, Ouija boards, seances and the like can cause you mental, emotional and physical harm?
I honestly don't think I can talk to my parents about this. How do I get help if I think I'm depressed without being considered an attention seeker?
What are the causes of sleep disorder, types & treatment?
Why are some people with bipolar disorder forgetful?
Why do people who are kind suffer more?
Is it possible that my bad grades are related to depression?
How do people endure extreme suffering over a long time?
Why are psychopaths secretive about the condition to people they don't respect in real life but are open about it to strangers online?
How can I tell my therapist about certain events without the fear of hospitalization?
Could hallucinations and visual disturbances be caused by a cyst in maxillary sinus?
What are some crisis survival strategies for a BPD?
Why do you think mental illnesses are on the rise? Do we blame society, genetics, trauma, or our childhood?
What triggered your derealization/depersonalization disorder?
How do I get rid of OCD, anxiety, and insomnia?
What is the best way for a patient with anxiety issues to get an upper endoscopy?
How does a psychopath feel watching someone die or feel extreme pain?
I have been in a depression since last year. How do I get out of a depression?
Can Quorans make an accurate distinction of clinical vs. non-clinical psychopaths?
What would happen if two psychopaths wanted to manipulate each other, but both were unaware that the other was also a psychopath?
Why does my chest hurt when I feel depressed?
Sometimes I have thoughts such as thinking that my parents are not mine. Is that a symptom of schizophrenia?
Can dissociation occur with trauma-related depression?
Is it more difficult to qualify for disability for major depression than bipolar disorder or schizophrenia?
How should people with mental illnesses survive in the world knowing that a lot of people are ignorant about mental illnesses?
What percentage of depressed teens get better after puberty (or say after they turn 20)?
Why is Riluzole used to treat patients with bipolar disorder?
As a Christian, is it OK to masturbate/fantasize while single?
How do l get over my stress?
I have been suffering from mood swing disorder and depression but I want to be happy again. What should I do to overcome this?
What could be the reason that I feel very good after the day of drinking?
How would a psychopath survive long trips with other people (plane rides, sharing rooms, etc.)?
Can you have bipolar disorder if you sleep normally?
Does modern life easily trigger mental illness than ever?
Do disempathetic sociopaths really exist?
Does my friend have dissociative identity disorder?
Can society survive without psychopaths?
What should I do if I think I have PTSD?
If a psychopath is born, why can't there be psychopathic children?
What kind of mental disorders are considered to be within the criteria of PWD?
Would a psychopath react to Scarecrow's fear gas?
How effective is psychotherapy for depression?
I hate being alone during my panic attacks. How can I cope?
If there were no alcohol or drugs would there be more or less depression?
Can a mentally ill person be a psychiatrist?
How do I find coping strategies for dyslexia?
I'm 18. I haven't accomplished anything and I am depressed. What should I do?
Is it weird that I want my future boyfriend to be a psychopath?
Does indulging in musical instruments help in coping up with anxiety?
How can I stop feeling like an anxious little child and grow up?
What activities to pick up during joblessness that boost your morale as well as add skills to your profile?
How can I manage with a bipolar spouse?
Why do I hear voices in my head just when I'm about to sleep?
Has marijuana been used to treat symptoms like impulsivity in bipolar disorder?
When you were depressed and pushed almost everyone away, how did you feel about the person who stayed no matter what?
It has been suggested to me that a female with BPD is likely to be a psychopath. I am BPD and share a lot of symptoms, does this make me a psychopath?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
What do you do when you have depression and anxiety and you are in a relationship and think things are going wrong all the time?
How are the people who work with those who are mentally disabled affected?
Why am I mentally confused and having more than one thought at all times?
How can I find and enroll in a medically controlled psilocybin therapy for terminal illness?
How many psychiatric survivors are there in the USA?
Did Teddy Roosevelt suffer/prosper from any mental illnesses?
What do people with OCD hate about their OCD thoughts?
What does it mean when I'm anxious but don't know exactly what I'm anxious about?
Does regular diet and exercise help with anxiety and depression?
I have heard some people say that racism and homophobia should be treated as mental health problems. Do you agree or disagree with this?
Is access bars therapy really effective?
Are anxiety and social anxiety common comorbid disorders in people who have ASD (Asperger syndrome included)?
Should I take antidepressants forever?
They tell you its okay to be depressed sometimes but thats not depression its sadness, so why do they tell you you can cry then tell you not to?
Is there a part of my brain that, when I remove it, I won't feel depressed again?
Why do psychopaths date people?
What foods can help with managing bipolar disorder?
Is the TV show “13 Reasons Why” trying to justify suicide? If it is, did it succeed?
Which is less torturous, mental exhaustion or physical exhaustion?
Does setting a goal improve your mental health?
Do I need therapy? I used to see a therapist but I hated seeing her. Do I need to see her again for therapy?
How do you deal with (resolve) walking depression?
Why so many people want to commit suicide in the golden gate bridge?
Should a person with schizophrenic past live alone?
Can all neurological disorders cause asphsia and are all neurological disorders classed as brain damage?
If psychopaths have no emotions, how do they feel when they achieve what they want?
So, how severe can ornithophobia become and what are the useful methods to overcome it?
Is it possible for a person with panic disorder to become a good psychologist?
How do I induce depression in a person?
What are the things that mentally strong people don't do when they are at their worst in comparison with their normal counterparts?
If you're emotionless but still sane (i.e., you make rational conclusions and don't hear things that aren't there), are you still considered psychopathic?
How do I find patients for my mental health clinic?
I get depersonalization and feel like I have lost my personality throughout the day. I can only feel like myself in the evening. What does this mean?
How does the onset of bipolar disorder occur?
Which movies can help me feel better during a depressive episode?
As a child, do you remember if you were a psychopath? Or did you act normally and only realize you were different years later?
I am from India, my mother has some psychological problem and I want to take her to a psychiatrist, but I don't know how. Are there any suggestions? How can I get some help?
What causes psychosomatic disorders?
Do psychopaths ever cry as a baby/child?
Is it normal to have severe anxiety about how your life has changed postpartum?
Does suicide occur with animals? If so, is it usually rooted in depression and being unhappy?
How can I distinguish anhedonia from depression from anhedonia from schizoid personality disorder?
Why doesn't my boyfriend act sympathetic towards my eating disorder?
What is the mental health outcome of a child born of two parents who both have personality disorders?
Will the Indian orthodox mentality fade eventually, after the society gets dominated by educated mass?
What do people who use mental health services like to be called, e.g. consumer, patient or client?
Why is it so hard to find a therapist who accepts insurance in SF?
Can bullying cause Complex PTSD?
Where do you seek help if you're suspected to have depression?
Both of my brothers committed suicide. How do I cope?
What causes a person to become a workaholic?
Why are people with BPD stigmatised?
Can mental health professionals diagnose someone based on a body of emails?
Is there a correlation between childhood trauma and attention deficit disorder?
Is it dangerous to live with a socio/psychopath?
How do you know if you're in a psychopath's inner circle?
How did you find out your father has antisocial personality disorder?
Do humans have a subconscious mental ability to block physical pain and later remove this block?
If I see a violently graphic scene on TV I feel as though I am experiencing it, is this typical of spectrum disorders?
Who gives the names to illnesses?
How long is a hospital/psychiatric stay for a failed suicide attempt?
Asking for help before committing suicide. I'm suffering from herpes 1 & I can't find help. Can someone guide me to a good non-judgemental doctor?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide in absence of depression?
What are your best anecdotes of patients with a factitious disorder?
Would a narcissist commit suicide?
Have you ever been in that much of depression in which you want to cry badly but cannot?
Would psychopaths care on some level if their partner died? If so, why?
Why doesn't anything, including therapy and meds, help with my borderline personality disorder and bipolar 1?
Will ADHD give you depression?
Is recurring depression the same as bipolar disorder? I'm exhausted from my emotional splitting. What is recurring depression with BPD?
What rights (or lack thereof) does an employee on short-term disability, denied LTD based upon it being a pre-existing mental illness, have?
Is it better for someone with depression to scream out or to suffer in silence?
How do you treat an individual with Bipolar ADD and NPD?
How and why does hereditary depression occur?
How do I break away from dysfunctional relationships in my family that break me down?
I’ve been diagnosed with ADD (ADHD) twice, and I have an insane amount of trouble with routines and organization. Is it the same for everybody else?
Is it possible or even achievable to have a functional long lasting relationship with a border line personality disorder inflicted man?
My teen daughter is having suicidal thoughts, how can I best love her through this?
How do I cope in a boarding school?
Why is specialization in medical fields so overrated? Can’t you just be happy as a GP?
What on earth can cause a person to commit suicide?
Where can I find a forum to connect with engineers dealing with depression?
How do I know if I’m borderline?
When do psychopaths first feel that they have created a successful mask?
Is there a specific test I can take to see if I have BPD?
What is an explanation for how someone could be a supporter of mass murder and not be a psychopath at the same time?
Are all self-harmers mentally ill?
If someone is feeling down, can she use willpower and positive thinking to make herself happy?
What is the most relaxing and soothing light for my room? Are there lightbulbs that I can buy that create a mental state?
What is a psychological evaluation like?
How do I get out of depression and be more motivated about life?
Can all personal issues be broken into smaller manageable components like a mind map? If so, can these components be common across people?
What is the difference between bipolar disorder and dysthymia?
Has anyone recovered from "blank mind" depersonalization?
How do I deal with depression by myself? How can I not be a spoilsport for the outside world due to depression?
When should I seek further help with my depression and anxiety?
How come I have social anxiety?
How do I deal with anxiety and confidence issues?
What is the most probable reason a mentally strong teenager would suicide? (It could be anything you've come across or someone else's 'story')
What is the most probable reason a teenager would commit or attempt suicide (it could be something you've come across or heard from someone else)?
What did you do while you were in depression, but had important tasks coming up?
What could a relationship between two BPDs look like?
How do I stop my depression caused by bad grades and gaming?
Should I commit suicide, if I am going though depression?
Can drinking coffee worsen general anxiety disorder or depression?
Are Robert Thompson and Jon Venables psychopaths or sociopaths?
What is decompensation in mental health?
Why is it ethically right to blame a psychopath for his/her anti-social condition?
Is it possible for someone to commit suicide without being depressed?
Why are some psychopaths self-aware while others aren't?
If your estranged wife threatens to commit suicide when on a family holiday, could anyone complain about you phoning the police?
Can being more social and open about my issues help me overcome schizoid personality disorder?
Does watching disgusting films make you mentally ill?
How common is it for contrarians to have emotional issues/depression growing up?
If some person came down from the sky, is it statistically and logically more likely it was merely a person from a more advanced world visiting Earth?
What kind of stuff do psychopaths hide under their masks?
Do hallucinogens like LSD affect in rewiring psychopaths? Do they recover or get more into their psychopathy?
I am in a very good place. I have a lot of privileges. Why do I still feel so depressed?
Is Trump suffering from dementia?
When are intrusive thoughts dangerous and why?
I don't know who to go to for my depression. Who should I approach?
What can a counselor say or do when a person tells them they wanna commit suicide?
What emotion is the most difficult for a psychopath to mimic?
Should I tell on my first psychiatric appointment what kind of disorders I think I have?
Can something else besides abuse cause BPD?
Could my former friend be a psychopath?
How do I seek help for suicide thoughts if I'm afraid to ask for help?
Is it possible to have antisocial personality disorder and be successful?
Where can I go to get tested for a learning disorder?
If you screw up between 14-22, can you recover from it and be a fully contributing member of society?
Can anxiety and depression turn in to bipolar if something triggers it?
Why is mental health a taboo subject amongst Tamils?
Is there any difference between psychopathy and attachment disorders?
I feel lost about who I am. Is my anxiety and depression making me doubt myself?
What should college students do if they have fallen into a state of depression?
Is it possible that hallucinogenics caused my psychosis?
How can I live when I am depressed and bored of this life?
What should someone do when they become depressed because of their life?
Have you ever compromised for something/someone physically, mentally, or financially and think that it was all in vain?
What can help to motivate someone with anxiety?
Can CPS force me to take a psychological evaluation?
How do I talk to my depressed friends? What should I say?
What does introspection mean to a psychopath?
Is there an apparent trend of armchair psychologists assigning BPD to others (as in say narcissism)?
Can you mentally change the structure of your body?
What should I do about the fear of having a stroke and losing the languages I knew and this fear preventing me from learning a new language?
Can a child see who is suffering from blindness due to a lack of cerebrospinal fluid?
Do you think about suicide as a mentally healthy person?
How can we manage our depression without medication?
Seriously, how much of society is filled with people who have personality disorders?
What are the best ways of dealing with depression-related fatigue or medication-related cognitive fog?
What is the best remedy for anxiety?
Is anxiety and social anxiety a common comorbid disorder with people who have ASD (Asperger's Syndrome included)?
I do not suffer from depression at all. But I've been very sad recently. What can I do?
Other than suicide and execution, what is the hangman's noose used for?
Can anxiety cause itching?
Should someone with self-diagnosed early onset signs of schizophrenia pursue a career in psychiatry or medicine at all?
What part of brain trainings are used by programming?
Symptoms like breathing problems when the rise or fall and compressed chest problems are related to what health issues?
Are the symptoms in the question details indicative of symptoms of depression?
What is the most effective way to deal with irrational and emotional feminists when they scream at you in public?
Is teenage depression comparable to clinical depression and should be treated with a therapist?
Are there any conditions that are just like psychopathy but aren't?
Do terrorists ever get PTSD?
Can a diagnosis with a mental illness predispose one to more confirmation bias in terms of the illness' traits?
As someone with depression, should I be searching for a job in a supportive environment or should I just settle for anything that I can get?
What if all humans suddenly got depression?
How do you know if you are about to get into a depression?
Where can I find someone to talk to about my treatment-resistant depression?
I’m going to commit suicide soon. How should I do it?
Why do so many people feel anxiety?
Why is it sometimes the case that people who want to commit suicide have to take other lives as well as their own?
Can a psychopath imitate emotions without him/her knowing?
With the rising of 'suicidal memes', how bad can they be for you?
If someone masturbates, is there any chance for his/her child to be mentally unstable?
What would psychopaths suggest to neurotypicals to help them minimise their empathy for themselves?
Is weed okay to have for those who are suffering from depression, are under depression medication and are short tempered?
How did few mathematicians lost thier mental health and died understanding infinity?
How do you deal and remain strong like always, when you know sadness and depression coming from all ways?
I'm suffering from hypersomnia. What should I do?
What are the latest medical breakthroughs for people suffering from mental illness?
What repercussions could seeing a doctor about mental health have (UK)?
What if your social anxiety is extreme to the point where you can't talk to girls and can't date?
What are some things my girlfriend can do to help me with my combat PTSD?
Would you take on a business partner who has had severe depression and anxiety which has kept them house bound in the past?
What is the difference between a sociopath and a male protector alter?
What causes bipolarity and pathological lying?
How is CMC’s psychiatric dept., and how can I book an appointment? Who are the best doctors in the psychiatric department, and can they treat chronic depression?
At what point of depression should I consult a psychiatrist?
What is the best way to help my girlfriend deal with anxiety?
I sometimes feel depressed and lock myself in a dark room and cry. Is this normal?
Do therapies really cure depression?
What should I say to someone who is depressed?
How does a psychopath fare in jail?
Does a sociopath recognize another sociopath?
Why do some people choose to live in depression rather than live a happier life, even when they know or remember what it felt like to be happy?
Former bullied kids, what did your bullies do when they met you as an adult?
Do people with borderline personality disorder realize how much they hurt people?
How do I become strong physically and mentally?
What are the physical feelings involved in stress?
Is it common to feel like you lack a sense of self?
Is there any reason to live if you are mentally disabled?
What kind of personality is attracted to someone with BPD?
Is it wrong to do sarvangasana if I am suffering from cervical spondylosis?
As a therapist, what does it feel like to lose a client to suicide?
Can I receive treatment for social anxiety without a legal guardian’s consent now that I am 16 in England? Do I need to pay for it? I’ve never been to a GP before.
How can I learn to visualize mental images?
Are there any “public” high-functioning psychopaths?
How do you become mentally stimulated?
Should I take a wealthy self help guru to court, who's negligence caused me PTSD and great debt? This celebrity has offered a pittance to keep quiet.
How does lying affect your mental health, and what are some examples?
Is there an NGO that works for mental health in Pune?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
Can you still have hallucinations if you've been stable on anti-psychotic medication for 6 months?
If you could change one thing about yourself during your teenage years. What would it be?
Does masturbating from an early age and continuing it cause disorders in one’s offspring?
Do psychopaths set people up, and if so, how do they do it?
Can you fake a mental illness?
Does everyone who experience PTSD get a 1000 mile stare or are there people who experience something different?
Is it OK for my wife to throw away my anti-anxiety medication even though all notices say never just quit?
Have psychopaths ever taken responsibility and truly apologized for serious emotional damage they may have done to an empath?
What are the signs of a good prospective psychologist? What type of personality should one have as a psychologist?
Is it possible to have both BPD and Schizoid Personality Disorder?
Who has tried Vyvanse for a binge eating disorder? What were your experiences?
Why do introverts seem to be depressed so often? Are they a minority?
What is depression? Is it considered to be a mental illness?
Why does schizophrenia cause indecisiveness?
Do bullies suffer a psychiatric or psychological disorder?
What does cognitive disorder look like?
How can I help my sibling with her depression?
Is there a link between high functioning anxiety and being highly sensitive (crying, not being able to compose oneself) or emotional vulnerabitily?
How do I keep friends when suffering from depression?
Can anxiety make you lose interest in things you once liked? Is it temporary? What can someone do to regain passion during anxiety?
How can I get help when I have suicidal thoughts without others knowing?
How can a human being deal with mood disoder or high level of anxiety?
Can an untreated mental illness "help" develop another one or a personality disorder, for example, OCD and BPD?
Which mental disorders make people feel the most alienated?
How can I help a friend depressed with chronic medical problem?
What happens when PTSD is left untreated for a long time?
Is every suicidal person depressed?
Do I have ASPD?
I can't get back to normal after an episode of depression, and I don't even feel like myself anymore. How do I get past this?
How does one go on with bipolar disorder, severe anxiety, and dependent personality disorder?
How can I change my lifestyle with help from my therapist?
Is it sound practice for a therapist to tell you to pray?
What type of mental disorder is it when one feels the need to have too many things to the point of over complication?
Has a link been established between clairvoyance and a mental illness like BPD?
How are all psychiatric medications similar and different? How do they interact?
What are some differences between the way average people view psychopaths and the way psychopaths view themselves?
What's the reason behind being a schizophrenic if none of your parents have schizophrenia?
Why do people commit suicide live on Facebook?
How do I get rid of 3 years old depression?
How do I prevent insomnia due to anxiety?
How is the personal life of a psychologist?
How does Multiple Personality Disorder develop?
How can a person affected with a multiple personality disorder speak different languages that he hadn’t learnt or heard in his entire life?
What are some good TV shows about mental illness?
Do the majority of psychopaths have a desire to harm or kill, or is that primarily people with low function and low impulse control?
What causes paranoia for some of those who have bipolar disorder?
How effective is psychotherapy for schizophrenia?
Does "Thirteen Reasons Why" spread a positive message about suicide or glamourize it?
Should I be afraid to find out from a doctor if I am truly a psychopath?
Will overthinking a serious mental issue lead to any other problems?
Why are most people miserable and anxious?
How do therapists avoid seeing only one side?
Does depression cause your brain to be untidy?
When does holocaust belief become a mental illness?
Where do I look for information on children born in mental asylums?
Is it possible to have borderline personality disorder without having experienced a significant trauma?
What if two psychopaths were told to manipulate each other, but both were unaware that the other person is a psychopath trying to manipulate them as well?
How can you come back to life from extreme depression without the help of professionals and pills?
What is it called when a psychiatric patient suffers from two or more illnesses? How hard is it to diagnose if the patient is high functioning?
Are there any resources online to recognize an attention disorder?
How do I wake up from a depersonalization/derealization feeling?
How can you find ways to sleep when suffering from anxiety?
Do you think only “weak” or “insane” people need professional psychological/emotional help?
Why doesn't the state or government institutionalize and care for homeless people that are mentally unstable and clearly unable to care for themselves?
Why do teenagers make jokes about mental illness?
Does sociopathy warrant imprisonment or trouble on the sociopath's part even if the sociopath did not commit a crime?
How do I get through heroin withdrawal alone? Or should I get help at a rehab center?
I have been diagnosed with BPD. Therapists and Psychiatrists have not helped me overcome the severe fear of abandonment. What is the way out?
What things come under depression?
Are panic attacks permanent?
I'm a very bad communicator. My thoughts are haphazard and unorganized. I can't put them in words. Is it some type of mental disorder?
Is it possible to get through anxiety alone? I'm tired of looking for someone who understands.
What is the best thing that being autistic, or knowing someone with autism, has taught you?
Why is psychotherapy or any mental health therapy prevalent in the USA?
Does certain medicine affect the ability to love a person?
What are some meditations for severe depression?
Are childhood hallucinations simply a sign that the brain is growing?
If I'm mentally healthy, but I'm usually drawn to people who probably have depression, does it mean I'm not as healthy as I think I am?
Can mentality help you survive?
How many adults would admit they had killed animals when they were young kids?
Is 'thakradhara' treatment effective in curing anxiety disorders?
I’ve had acne on my back, chest, and jawline for years. Will they ever go away, and what can be the reason?
Can a therapist who really knows you do psychedelics to give insights about you?
Is ADHD different for everyone? If so, what are the differences?
What is like when your best friend commit suicide?
Is there any psychologist who offers free consultation?
We have an HS intern. We think he had a psychotic episode at work on Friday. It was nonviolent but highly unusual. Should we let him back on Monday?
Are those with sexual sadism disorder also sociopaths/psychopaths?
Can circumstances make a person psychopathic like The Joker?
Does the ability to scream predict longevity in patients with dementia?
What are the psychological disorders?
Which specialist deals with the health/diseases of women?
If a person’s happy memories have been deleted, would suicide be seen as a healthy choice?
Why do I get so anxious every time my parents try to set me up?
Can you detect early signs of bipolar, in someone as young as 4?
Is amisulpride (or Solian) used to treat paranoia? And what are other tips to treat paranoia?
Who is someone who reduces your social anxiety (in the sense that if they approach someone, they reduce your fear of approaching the same person)?
How does being depressed affect you?
Can antidepressants/anti-anxiety medication make you physically weaker or lower your adrenaline levels?
Does impatience cause anxiety?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
I have panic attacks when I lay in bed at night. I think about all the ways I have miserably failed at jobs and relationships. Is my life ruined?
What are the symptoms or signs of ASPD?
Is it possible that feminism is a mental illness?
How does one sustain friends when suffering from a severe mental illness?
How can I remove my depression from my life?
Can people with anxiety do things they don't want to do? What do you call this?
Am I depressed because my father died or am I depressed because it could be genetic?
Can a person have bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder at the same time?
What are some methods for dealing with/suppressing my scrupulosity?
What is the difference between a neurological and a psychological disorder when using a Venn diagram?
Did your life improve after being diagnosed with depression, ADHD/ADD, anxiety, etc.?
How can I study when my finals are in 2 weeks? I need to start studying, but my anxiety is acting up big time! I can't even pick up a book without getting a panic attack, and I can't understand anything. How can I study normally?
I'm a software developer with an interest in helping others improve their emotional health. What can I do with my skills that will help?
Did you experience post-PhD depression? If so, how did you overcome it?
Is a severe lack of motivation for no reason a symptom of ADD or ADHD?
Do people who attempt suicide regret it at the last minute?
How does a middle-age man with Asperger’s and severe social anxiety and no social services survive?
How do you learn to form attachments when you have an attachment disorder?
Is ASPD the same thing as sociopathy?
Should a person with schizophrenia marry?
Is being bipolar curable?
What is something you thought was normal but was disgusting when you thought about it?
Does being in a frat reduce social anxiety?
Why do psychiatrists only spend 5 minutes with you? I feel like I need to switch my meds?
What is a unique combination of mental disorders?
What are the main causes of mental block?
How common is it for a therapist to offer a diagnosis to a client?
Can you go to hell if you have evil thoughts because of your OCD?
How do I get a new psychologist (NHS)?
What is the ultimate mental workout?
Does tianeptine help with obsessions?
Can a psychopath get mad about a dog being killed?
Within 1 hour of brainstorming and finding a great concept for a book, why do I feel mentally drained?
How can I turn my anxiety into excitment?
Can you overcome everything without medication?
Why can't I just look past my anxiety?
How many of you puke from depression?
What is your view on Indian government providing free treatment for AIDS patients, not for other disorders?
How does a daughter handle a mentally ill mother and an emotionally abusive father who are in their 90's now?
What could an EQ score of 27/80 mean about someone?
How do I confirm that my friend is a socio psychopath?
Do you have any experience in treating PTSD with EMDR therapy?
How do I cope with severe anxiety after being taken off a benzodiazopine that I've been on for 25 years when no other medication helps?
Why does Tubular Bells (1973) cause anxiety to the listener? Is there a psychological effect or just merely an association with horror movies?
Can Anyone help me in overcoming suicidal thoughts?
Is it possible to recover from depersonalization disorder?
Does sugar make you stupid?
Risk is not a choice but a compulsion. Why?
What are the best mental tasks to boost and increase intelligence and creativity?
Can the human brain be overloaded? Or is the stress we experience just due to "over stretching" our mental capacity
Can I get a mental health/psychology related job without the proper education?
Is it normal to feel anxious randomly?
Are some therapists in it for the money?
Are people with mental health issues deprived of their 2nd and 14th amendment rights due to outdated regulations?
Do psychopaths use pseudonyms on Quora?
Every person is a multi personality. What's your thought?
How do you find a therapist in Arizona who’s licensed to do DBT or dialectical behavior therapy?
How could I prevent becoming depressed before bed?
What is going on inside my head?
What is the worst kind of depression?
What are the possible ways to overcome stagefear?
Is BPD considered to be a disability in Ireland?
Could my recent anxiety be causing my sudden sleepwalking? I havent walked in my sleep since I was a kid, and I'm 39 years old!
How do psychopaths handle public speaking?
How do I ace a job interview if I am suffering from depression which is leading to lower self-esteem and no confidence?
How should I respond to someone who says he is suffering from OCD?
What would the world be like if psychopathic tendencies are the norm and celebrated?
How can I deal with horrifying events only I will suffer from?
I have severe depression as I've taken multiple quizzes. What do I do? Do I tell family?
If we start with a perfect soul, then what is a rational explanation for mental illness?
What mental and personality qualities would characterize the kinds of politicians who could solve human problems more effectively?
Are there patients who should not be in group therapy?
How do I escape? How do I recover from being with someone who is an NPD, or who is a sociopath?
What would a race of psychopaths be like?
My parents demotivate me very often and in a very bad way. How should I keep myself positive and away from getting depressed?
Can I still get some rest by lying down & closing my eyes even if I don't fall asleep?
What are the symptoms for chronic depression?
Do you think Aileen Wuornos was a psychopath?
Why am I having anxiety issues even though I have nothing to worry about in particular?
Which advices would Athena Walker give to a low-functioning psychopath?
Can plagiarism cause too much loss to a person? If yes, how?
My father passed away when I was one year old. I am now 19, am I depressed because he passed away or would I have still been depressed anyway?
If the mentally ill are the most vulnerable people in the world, why do mentally healthy people abuse them?
How do I stay sane before I switch households?
Do pathological liars end up with anxiety disorders or any other disorder from having to keep track of all of their lies?
Does Prozac help relieve any kind of obsessions?
What can one do to be more neurotic?
Do psychopaths sometimes choose to be with certain people because they like the mask they wear with those people?
Do psychopaths 'come out' to people in their inner circle? If so, how would that conversation go?
Can someone be totally healed from anxiety disorder?
Whenever I wish to learn a course, I don’t complete it. What should I have to follow so that I’ll complete it?
Are there any psychiatrists who actually help without medication?
How can someone cure or control OCD without going to a therapist?
What works best as a treatment method in OCD anxiety disorder, allopathy or homeopathy?
How can I avoid being around women? I'm scared of them because I have social anxiety.
I am suffering from depression and have problems with friends. What can I do?
How do you deal with individuals with abnormal psychological conditions?
What are the different language disorders?
Is a criminology degree worthless if you have a mental disorder?
I'm mentally retarded. What should I do now?
What do people with (or have closely experienced) depression/suicide want people to learn from “13 Reasons”. Why? And what in it do you disagree with?
What are the characteristics and leading cause of anxiety?
How would a psychopath/sociopath react if they met a sadist or masochist?
How can you grow mentally, spiritually, and physically?
What disorders can a baby suffer from if the mother is older than the father by 6 months?
This question may be naive, but what is the most effective drug for anxiety?
Is yoga effective in treating anxiety?
What are the latest trends in relaxation?
What happens to the ID if you cure "mental illness" by yourself?
What are some effective ways to become mentally stronger?
What part of the brain causes extreme paranoia and obsessive thoughts?
Is OCD mental contamination real?
How do I get rid of a language disorder?
Are there any helplines or people in Mumbai that can help me with my depression and anxiety?
Do you think that Richard Ramirez was a wannabe psychopath?
Why aren't 'teenage psychopaths' more common?
Has my depression been a result of my personality? Is it too late to change at 21, given that I feel hopeless most of the time?
How many people suffer from depression, in the creative industries?
How do I overcome my depression as a student of Medicine?
Is talking to oneself bad for mental health? What does it indicate?
How can I help someone who suffers with pain and depression get out of the house and enjoy life?
How do I build mental toughness and confidence for a track meet?
How can I grow up mentally? I'm 21 years old but mentally feel like a 10-year-old.
Why do I always have bad dreams and wake up tired?
Is there any NGO in Lucknow to help me take my relative affected by bipolar disorder to a hospital? I have already tried, but it's not effective yet.
What are the best medications to take for a major depressive disorder with psychotic features? (Mine isn't working.)
Lately I find that I can’t deal with people at all. Sometimes I can be friendly and involved, but most times I judge them as idiots. Is it possible I have BPD?
I've gotten behind in school due to severe depression and being suicidal. How do I get caught up now that I've gotten help?
I am too poor to do anything with my money, got rejected twice, failing to get a better job and constantly in depression. What should I do?
How can I help my brother with OCD?
How common and how vivid are visual hallucinations in people with schizophrenia?
How do I maintain my mental health and avoid negativity?
Can you help me identify what's psychologically wrong with me?
Why are some psychopaths doing activism in Quora?
On what basis does the behavioral mental health and human services file a complaint?
Why can't I involve in any thing mentally?
How do you communicate with a sociopath?
How does a person with BPD and NPD treat people? Are they ever sorry for their cruelty?
Do psychopaths ever betray a member of their family?
Why are people committing suicide on Facebook Live?
How can I avoid being around women? I'm scared of them. Am I experiencing social anxiety?
What is the best way to commit suicide without any chance to be saved?
What was your experience of Precocious Puberty?
If someone undergoes severe stress at a young age, does part of their mental development stop and stay at that age level?
Do you think people who talk to themselves should be placed in a mental institution?
What can I do about anxiety and mental blackouts during exams?
What are some things I should keep in mind when writing a character with a mental disorder?
Are autistics more likely to commit suicide?
CBT and speech therapy isn't helping me. Is medication my only hope?
Are spies more likely to commit suicide?
Why does it suck when I hear my sister's voice?
Can being in depression (at the age of 22) for years affect one's I.Q. permanently, even after getting out of it?
What are your positive experiences with inpatient psychiatric care?
Should I tell my friends that I want to kill myself, and if so, what’s the best way to go about it?
Are autistics more likely to commit suicide than neuro-typicals?
Does constant complaining cause any mental disorder?
Can psychopathy come on later in life?
Is there any way to get on a sociopath's good side but not by giving in to their manipulation? Is it possible to keep healthy boundaries?
Why is it hard to make something yet easy to destroy?
What impact has a major illness/surgery had on you?
Is it possible to recover from stress and depression without the help of a psychiatrist?
Someone spread rumours about me by twisting and turning facts. It is affecting my physical and mental health. What should I do?
I have PTSD and depression, can someone explain what it feels like as a parent who has a child with PTSD?
Can intellectual power deteriorate due to mental inactivity just as a body can deteriorate due to physical inactivity?
How do I overcome depression from an inevitable breakup?
What's your opinion on schizophrenic people?
Where can I find free psychiatric advice?
Are public officials in India reluctant to share contact details more visibly because of ubiquitous mental health issues in societies across India?
How does neurofeedback help biological depression?
Why does someone suffer for others’ actions?
What are some ways to help a deeply depressed friend from a long distance?
When did you finally agree to be on drugs to treat your social anxiety?
For how long does a schizophrenic need to take medications?
Who are some of the world's foremost researchers in bipolar disorder?
How can you refresh your mind in ten minutes during studying?
Would it be easy for a sociopath/psychopath to slit their own throat?
Can fear trigger mental illness?
If true psychopathy can be diagnosed with brain scans, why isn't it recognised as an actual condition?
Why do people think psychopaths have no fear or emotions, when it’s the reverse?
What is a social communication disorder? What are the best procedures to treat it?
Could focusing on increasing neurogenesis cure depression?
Why do men with BPD lack empathy but women with BPD have too much empathy?
Could a brain scan help diagnose someone with depression?
What are the signs that you are mentally mature?
Does having years of depression affect one's I.Q. permanently?
How do we determine if a person is psychotic or merely idiosyncratic?
How do I change a mentally disturbed person?
Can people with bipolar disorder have long lasting relationships and be good parents?
Has anyone suffered from severe anxiety while pregnant and the baby turned out fine? If not, what were any problems you faced?
What practices and mentality can help me defer gratification?
What should I do when a depressed partner suddenly stops all lines of communication?
How do I get over the fact that I'm a loner and a virgin at 20 in order to regain a social life?
Is depression more prevalent in an urban society or is it just more prominent due to the advancements in mental health research?
Recently, another student committed suicide in Kota. What are your views on this incident?
Should I go to a psychiatrist? I have this habit of repeating actions and mental rituals. I have to start my day by washing my face 64 times.
How would one get away from a mentally abusive partner without having to give up a dog who has helped in so many ways when there is no one to turn to?
Do psychopaths experience skin frisson?
Did people get depressed in ancient times?
What was your time like in a children’s psychiatric unit?
I've read that sociopathy and psychopathy are the same thing and I've read they're different, which one is correct?
Norwegian Wood (1987 book): Why did Naoko commit suicide?
Are people with depression more likely to commit crimes than people who are not depressed?
How would a psychopath and sociopath interact with each other?
How do I differentiate between someone with borderline or histronic personality disorder, or how can I tell if someone has comorbidity with the two?
Can you have depression but also be happy, have fun and laugh some times?
If bipolar and borderline disorders are so similar, why is it so hard to get treatment for the BPD in terms of medications but, not for bipolar?
What are the somatic symptoms of anxiety?
What are the pills you take to treat depression? How do you feel when you're on them?
What are the ways to overcome a plateau situation of one's personal growth?
What are some good psychologists in Boston who work with Aetna student health?
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
Did people start circumcising boys because a lack of sex education and/or hygiene made foreskins prone to illness/injury?
How do I deal with night time anxiety?
Will a psychopath try to take advantage of me, since I have no fears?
What would your reaction be if I committed suicide?
Do people with bipolar disorder views others with disdain during grandiosity?
Why do I feel depressed? I want to commit suicide.
What is a selfish reason to not commit suicide, when living doesn't seem worth it?
What could be the possible reason for aspirants to commit suicide after failing the JEE? Isn't there life outside the JEE?
If narcissism is a disorder and can't be helped, why are they being called monsters? How can one really be mad at them and hate them?
How have people cured their social anxiety?
I am 17 but my mental age is 34. Is it normal?
Are there any respected psychologists and biologists who still believe that homosexuality is a disorder?
Can you share some stories about childhood emotional abuse or psychological traumas?
Have you ever stopped a person attempting suicide with just words?
Why do I feel depressed when I do not do what I say I will?
What do I do if I have been suicidal for years?
If someone started up a website strictly for people to commit suicide live on, what would happen?
How can I prepare myself mentally for sharing a bed with strangers?
Are psychopaths the original non-conformists of society?
Do psychologists/psychiatrists secretly judge or dislike their patients?
Why are depressed people blamed for all their problems?
How do I overcome social anxiety without professional treatment?
Are dads with a victim mentality too lazy to raise a boy?
Can cheek dimples appear later in life?
Can I heal my anxiety, or is it something I have to deal with for the rest of my life?
Can a person take yogurt when he/she is suffering from psoriasis?
What medications best treat those with borderline personality disorder? And are there any alternatives like medical marijuana or CBD that can help?
Do psychopaths and sociopaths admire malignant narcissists?
Why do doctors still seem to panic (or act like they do) when they are about to deliver a baby?
How do I treat OCD contact contamination by myself?
Is there any way to commit suicide in a way that seems as an accident in India?
What are ADHD symptoms in children?
How do you stop anxiety after an intruder?
How can I deal with attention deficit disorder as a student?
Do cluster B personality disorders ever go into 'remission'?
Is there a possible cure for athritis?
Would someone who feels strongly about a​ religious belief but does not attribute it to any known religion be considered mentally ill?
Which international human rights groups should I contact if I have an invisible chronic weird illness that couldn't be well diagnosed in my home city?
Why do people treat people with mental illnesses like trash?
Have you ever had a miraculous recovery from an illness?
Do exceptionally-healthy people have a higher incidence of dementia?
What could be causing my body to go all weak? I just can't stop shaking and it makes my vision all black and blurry. I do suffer from anxiety and depression. Could it all be connected?
Are treadmills good or bad for sensory processing disorders?
Why are depressed people usually smarter?
What does it mean when people say before you diagnose yourself with depression make sure there aren't any jerks around you?
What are some significant differences between sociopaths and psychopaths?
How much do psychiatrists charge?
What are the core symptoms of bipolar disorder and how can I know that I'm having that or not without consulting?
Does masturbation affect mental activity?
Why are the depressed people lazy?
Why do I feel so tired, numb, and depressed all the time?
I understand the symptoms of borderline personality disorder; but how did it get its definition nomenclature?
Are poor people more likely to experience some type of mental illness?
How do you really know you have depression?
How can I deal with a phobic neurosis?
What is it like being in a relationship with a psychopath?
How do you heal from traumatic attachments?
What duration of temozolomide therapy would you recommend to a patient with glioblastoma multiforme and a positive MGMT methylation status?
How do you know if a therapist is trying to control you?
Why are people with mental illnesses portrayed as criminals?
Why is being paranoid bad?
How is being scared different from being paranoid?
Psychopaths, are you curious about what it's like to have emotions?
Do gay people have more mental illness than the general population?
What does “borderline” mean in personality disorders?
Why did Nidhin N of IIT KGP commit suicide?
Why do people in India hesitate to seek psychological help?
Are some people born with a tendancy to develop ADHD?
Can medical marijuana be used to treat bipolar disorder type I?
What should you do if you are paranoid?
Why is suicide always associated with depression?
What life advice would psychopaths give to neurotypicals?
Are good therapists good at [sensitively] "putting words into people's mouths"?
What is it like when you first develop a borderline personality disorder?
What types of chocolates help you out of depression?
How do I stop feeling inferior to others because I have social anxiety?
Is victim mentality an excuse for lazyness?
Why do people think vitamin D can help with depression?
How does a couple that both suffer depression survive?
How do I know if I have a dissociative disorder?
Who are some Indian celebrities who attempted suicide?
How do I find other positive, productive people who have MPD (multiple personality disorder)?
How do you get rid of depression and feelings of worthlessness?
Is there any way to convince a hostile sociopath to get treatment?
Why does life feel understandable when we are depressed?
Is there a mental state where the patient has two personalities and one of them takes care of the other?
What do you usually do when society depresses/disappoints you?
How can I re-establish myself as a competent professional after a major nervous breakdown?
In your opinion, at what age is the average woman both physically and mentally ready to have children?
What are the risks involved in carrying on a personal relationship with a depressed person?
According to a well-renowned test, I'm suffering from narcissistic personality disorder but I don't observe many symptoms in myself. How do I confirm it?
I am extremely suicidal these days. What should I do? I am scared of life. I don't want to suffer anymore.
Should I consult a psychiatrist or psychologist, as I have lost control over myself and want to end my life?
By avoiding pessimism, could you combat paranoia?
What are the ways to prevent the "freeze" response to stressful situations?
Where do I find mental healthcare professionals and deep thinkers experienced in the therapeutic application of existentialism?
Is there an analogue of a "baby box/hatch" for suicidal people?
How would Alzheimer's be different for a psychopath?
My grandmother is having low-grade fevers each night. She lives in China. What are some possibilities of her illness?
I am extremely suicidal these days. What should I do? Just bought a pack of naphthalene balls today. I am scared of life.
What should I do, where should I seek the answer, I am feeling so lost and depressed and it's so painful?
How do I prevent my son from developing the mental illness I have?
Why isn't "flourishing" or thriving yet a diagnosable clinical condition?
I seem to have developed a new anxiety symptom. How can I nip it in the bud?
I have a tough semester ahead, how do I mentally prepare myself to ace it?
Do social status-oriented people often tend to be predisposed to higher levels of social anxiety?
Why am I so motivated at work, but exhausted/depressed on my days off and at all other times?
What are some indicators of a good therapist or psychologist?
How can l get rid of some thoughts which I can't tell anyone?
In terms of history, is psychopathy a recent personality disorder?
Can you have depression at a young age?
What does a severe anxiety attack feel like?
What should I do if I am becoming depressed because of the people I love?
Do you do anything to yourself relating to anxiety?
How does untreated bipolar disorder evolve?
Most of the time I spend my days just searching for jobs but I haven’t had any success. What should I do ? I feel so depressed.
Can CPTSD be so ingrained that it could be classed as a personality disorder?
Why are some people who have bipolar disorder paranoid?
What are good reasons to see a therapist?
What is the difference between, and which is more dangerous, a psychopath or insanity?
Do symptoms of depression tend to be consistent?
Is there a such thing as OCD induced body dysmorphia?
How common is paranoid schizophrenia in America and Europe?
Can OCD come from PTSD?
Every person in the world has at least one mental irregularity. Why is it true or false?
Is it fair that some students can exploit mitigating circumstances for extensions on their work?
What is the psychotherapy market in India?
How can I find a good job when depression has given me a very unstable job history?
How can I cope with OCD anxiety?
Is saying “perhaps” when your lover is seeking help from you a good thing?
How do you treat deep depression?
What is the correlation between schizophrenia and smoking?
How is makeup linked to mental health?
How does it feel to have a sadistic father and a depressed mother?
Could a psychopath like Dexter Morgan exist in real life?
Should I tell someone that my friend mentioned wanting to dissect a human after doing it to his pet rabbit and loving it so much?
How do I know if I have body dysmorphic disorder?
Should I stop gaming if it makes me depressed instead of making me feel better?
Can you faint from an anxiety attack?
Does caffeine actually increase mental activity?
How do you cope with stress and pressure?
What methods are most effective in treating PTSD?
How do I commit suicide by electronic shock?
What does it mean, if someone has difficulty with mentalizing?
How do I overcome depression, after the loss of my first child?
What do the external symptoms of a PTSD flashback look like?
How do I cope with a depressive episode if I am bipolar?
What are some ways to stay stable after hypo/mania?
What treatment should someone have when suffering from narcissism & bipolar disorders? What do these look & feel like in real life situations?
How can you cure depression without medication?
How have pregnancy and childbirth affected your mental and physical health?
Is KRK a mentally disabled person?
How do you control fear, emotions, and illusions in a patient suffering with OCD?
Is sadism a progressive mental health disorder, or are you born with the mental wiring for it?
Why do some people think that drug addiction is not a mental disorder?
If you were to see someone with BPD get abused in public, what would you do?
Do psychopaths hallucinate or entertain delusional ideas?
What can I do to help my significant other while they are in therapy?
How do you stop compulsive thoughts?
Does schizophrenia and anti-social personality disorder present with similarities in a clinical situation?
What kind of stretches can be done and which should be avoided for someone who is diagnosed with disk degeneration disorder?
Is paranoia a symptom of bipolar disorder?
How can I cope with sleep anxiety?
You are feeling depressed about your school results. Suddenly an unexpected piece of luck changed your mood. What happened before and afterwards?
How do you explain what craniosacral therapy is?
How is flat affect described in depression?
How do I accept my insecurities?
What are some examples of ideas of reference that people with schizophrenia experience?
Do masochists derive pleasure from mental and physical fatigue?
The new me is depressed, unimpressed, and has no confidence. I need the old me. How?
Why do people 'attempt suicide' multiple times and survive when they could've killed themselves by choosing a single method that could kill them for sure?
What are some good mental health first aid resources?
Does Adderall shorten your attention span?
Should I stop gaming if it makes me depressed but independent but also seems to make my grades worse?
How do I stop depression and avoid suicide as a teen?
Are all introverted BPD people waifs or hermits?
Can depression cause ADD? Does it go away again? Is there a natural way to get rid of it?
Why does CNS antigen sensitisation occur after trauma?
How can I stop overthinking all the time and feeling depressed?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder have emotional empathy? Also, do they have a conscience?
Is there any field to research which cover application of biotechnology in psychiatry/psychological disorders?
Should I move out because of parental abuse?
Can you faint from anxiety?
Why is a belief in God not considered to be a mental illness?
Why are depressed people uncomfortable around babies?
When psychopaths take off the mask, why are they prone to cruelty and manipulation? Are those basic, innate human behaviors?
Why do so many people assume that people with BPD are abusive or manipulative by default?
Is porn good for depression if you are dealing with the causes for it?
What resources are available online for people with complex post-traumatic stress disorder or PTSD? https://www.ptsdwifey.com
How do I differentiate between depression and sadness, especially when there is no physical symptom?
As a medical practitioner have you ever identified an illness on the street on an unrelated person?
How do I stop my depression, as a 15-year-old, if it’s making my life unlivable?
Is mental toughness only reserved for few?
Do psychopaths use emoticons?
In developed countries, what class of people tend to commit suicide the most?
How does it feel when you become a sociopath?
How many people feel regret for those who committed suicide in the Aokigahara Forest?
Wouldn't hypopathy be a better name for Psychopathy?
I planned to have a "fun night" with my boyfriend, and I get really anxious and nervous thinking about it. How can I overcome the feeling?
Is therapy needed for abused victims/survivors? What can a person do if they can't afford therapy?
I fell in love with my therapist, is this a good reason to terminate therapy?
I think I am going to become a psychopath again. What should I do?
Why do I have such a high opinion of myself?
How do I know I have depression or anxiety?
How did you get help for your depression in India?
What are the differences between different mental illnesses?
Is there a mental illness where someone believes their own lies?
Does killing ants intentionally make me a psychopath?
As someone who is depressed, what is the best thing I can do for myself?
What can a woman who is depressed and not very social, do?
If you think you're a god, is it considered a mental illness?
Are there personality disorders that look similar to Aspergers?
How can our minds "create" illnesses like depression, anxiety, and bulimia?
What could be the most terrible hallucination?
How do psychopaths harm their victim?
Is it acceptable to skip a day at school due to one's mental or emotional state?
What are some weird things people with BPD do?
What are the disadvantages of Attention Deficit disorder?
How is dementia pugilistica diagnosed in a patient?
Is there a difference between a high functioning psychopath and a person with a high functioning antisocial personality disorder?
Why are the nurses working in the hospitals so ignorant about mental illnesses?
I have a mental illness. My manager found out with background checks. She told everyone. How would you handle this if you were me? (Besides quitting)
Does depression go away with time?
What would be a catchy slogan for mental health campaigns?
A Quoran programmer is mentally sick. What course of action should he follow?
Why do you have to be 25 before you can get diagnosed with the psychopathy of ASPD? Is it like that with others as well, like schizoid PD and NPD?
Who's more dangerous, a high functioning NPD or a low functioning narcissist?
If Trump tries to end Social Security, what will happen to the mentally ill people?
Is there any misdiagnosis of mental illness?
Should I get help for my anxiety? If so how?
What are some jobs that a young person with relatively poor health can do?
As a person who has bipolar disorder, what was the bravest thing you have ever done in your life?
To treat mental depression, is homeopathy better than alopathy?
How can I ingratiate myself into the inner circle of a psychopath after being tossed aside?
Why do I feel bad that my friends don't acknowledge my eating disorder?
Is a psychopath capable of mimicking the expression of fear or empathy in their eyes?
Why is mental illness awareness so important in the world?
How do people deal with schizophrenia and social life?
Do serial killers believe they're mentally ill or know about why they feel the way they do?
Should I tell people I got my GED at 22?
How would have been to have depression in medieval times?
Can I be a police officer with mild depression?
Can Adderall cause depression?
What ultimately happens to a sociopath?
Can I just go to a psychologist without a doctor’s referral?
What is the opposite of a sociopath?
I’m 30. I cry almost everyday and I'm highly depressed. I hide it from my parents and closest friends. Is it normal?
How do you become a mental health nurse in the UK?
Is paranoia in bipolar disorder the same as paranoia in schizophrenia?
Is pretentiousness a mental sickness?
Does depression make you do things that are against what you believe in?
Why do we get suicidal?
How can literature help to overcome stress, heartbreak, and depression?
What are the types of a multiple personality disorder?
My girlfriend wants to check herself into a mental hospital. What do I do?
Why do auditory hallucinations happen?
Can my doctor prescribe an antidepressant without even speaking to me about being depressed?
Why do questioners think it's okay to say "insane" especially in light of mental health awareness?
Can your own suicide attempt lead to you getting PTSD?
Which is better, death or becoming a psychopath?
Why are psychopaths so unattractive?
Why do some people feel threatened by people who have mental illnesses?
What are the best crystals to control anxiety?
Why do I get so depressed after I leave a certain person?
Why are the mentally ill considered the bad guys?
How can isolation lead to schizophrenia and related disorders?
If you have a loved one with borderline personality disorder, how do you cope?
What have you learned from sculpture art in your life? I mean, what changed in regard to your character and your mental abilities after learning about sculpture?
How do I get over the feelings of depression and negativity while preparing for the Prelims?
What's the psychology behind writing messages but not sending them to the person for whom you wrote them?
How do I get rid of my sexual performance anxiety?
What all depression can do to an elderly and how it can be cured?
Why am I so depressed without a girl?
How long can people withstand others before they become depressed?
I have schizophrenia for about 17 years, what should I do?
How do you tell your parents that you sought help alone and got diagnosed with depression?
What are the ways you deal with stress?
Can healthy behaviours be preventive or can they be rehabilitated?
Is depression a bad thing?
How can I control the BO during anxiety?
The thought of working every day for the rest of my life makes me feel depressed and trapped. Why do I feel like this and how can I get out of it?
What does it feel like having social anxiety disorder? Let us hear your stories.
How can I let go of anxiety and concern that I could die young?
Are liberals mentally ill?
Why is mental illness awareness so important in the U.S.?
How do I convince a depressed girl to study?
How do we help people who suffer from depression as a result of altering their online identities to mask their fears or for other reasons?
Did humans invent emotion?
Why do people who are ignorant about mental illnesses brush off a person with a mental illness as just a "crazy person"?
Why do people hurt, mentally & emotionally?
If someone were born in this generation claiming to be god, all of us would think he was mentally ill. Then why should we believe what happened in the past?
Did human invent fear?
What are some tips to maintain energy for heavy studying for a month?
What kind of person with bipolar shuts themselves away?
Do dentists get to read your mental health history when you go for a checkup?
Have any of you "psychopaths" tried an antidepressant?
How is OCD related to panic attacks?
How do you explain in a letter of explanation about your depression?
What if I have bipolar disorder and want to live a long life?
How common is it to lose friends when you are manic?
How can a depressed person still have a better life than a billionaire?
As a psychopath, how much would someone have to pay you to never be able to purposefully manipulate anyone again in the future?
Is anxious of lossing your love a sign of any mental illnes?
Could using a total of 200mg of quetiapine made any permanent mental changes that can't be reversed with time?
What is the maximum score that a sociopath can get on the PCL-R?
If you become depressed, do you stay that way?
How can you get a highly depressed person to visit a psychotherapist/psychologist?
What improvements do nurses/doctors think are needed in mental health treatment today? This is for a paper on the evolution of psychiatric treatments.
Can a mentally ill person recognize that they are mentally ill?
What medical condition causes anxiety when exposed to sunlight?
What do people think when they see someone have a panic/anxiety attack? Do they see them as weak?
How does Dramamine help with motion sickness or panic attacks when flying?
What can help if the person suffers from depression since birth (or early childhood)?
How do I deal with a psychopathic professor?
What medical condition is Anirudha Agarwal diagnosed with?
What's it like to have a psychopath parent?
How do I tell my mum I want to see a GP about social anxiety and depression? (16)
Why does doing a PhD lead to depression?
Why is it so hard to break the perfectionist mentality?
Why do people purposely commit suicide?
What should I do if I have OCD and I experience panic attacks?
How do I prepare myself for the AFSB both physically and mentally?
How can I get professional help for depression as a teenager?
Can you have PTSD from being raised by terrible parents and living with them in a very stressful environment? Is it possible?
Why do so many Wikipedians publicly list their mental and physical illnesses in their userbox sections?
Is it possible to have a sociopath with some regular emotions, or is there a different term for that altogether?
Do some people think that people with mental illnesses don't deserve to live on SSI/SSDI?
What is the best way to live with chronic depression?
How does a phobic neurosis occur?
How should a chalk eating disorder, or consumption of other non-food stuffs, be treated?
How did you overcome your mental block as a Quora writer?
At what point should you seek medical help for anxiety?
How do I stop feeling inferior due to social and sexual inexperience and feel like the confident guy I used to be?
I am lonely and depressed, would you help me?
Why is sleep so important for someone who has bipolar disorder?
Do psychiatrists have to pass through their own therapy?
What is the difference between PTSD and Avoidant personality disorder?
Is there a way to drastically increase memory speed?
How does one "feel" when they have psychopathy?
If you cut yourself, are you depressed?
I am extremely sensitive to sound when I'm relaxing. The tiniest sudden sound will make my head blow. What's wrong with me?
What is it like being both autistic and socially anxious?
I have visited a terrorist website and saw a lot of graphic contents. I am feeling very depressed after seeing them. How can I recover?
How do you make yourself not depressed anymore?
Do you think that we can overcome our carnal desires?
What's the difference between a kid who's hyper and one who has a hyperactive disorder?
Do we temporarily run out of anxiety hormones/neurotransmitters after intense anxiety?
How do I commit suicide?
In my family, all the adult members keep on fighting. What should I do?
How do I help someone in my family circle that I suspect of having borderline personality disorder?
What is the relationship between depression and the brain in human beings?
How do people with bipolar disorder know when the mania phase will end and they will fall into a depression?
What kind of hallucinations might someone with schizophrenia have?
Do psychologist ever silently judge their patients while giving therapy?
Can I have depression if I don't feel depressed when I am occupied with something?
As a person with a mental illness, how should you deal with someone calling you "crazy"?
How do I deal with a stressful birth mom?
How do I deal with attention bias if I suffer from OCD?
Do you think Kelsey Grammer (Frasier) could give sound psychiatric advice?
Is it possible to fully recover from severe depression? What does it take?
Can a person with a bipolar disorder become a firefighter?
My parents refuse to believe that I have depression, but I feel anxious and sad all the time. How do I get them to let me go to a therapist?
I am depressed because my boyfriend left me after using me for sex. Can someone help me?
I didn't start for my soccer team today and I feel very depressed. What should I do?
Are there any MDs or PhDs on here who also have schizophrenia? If so, how has your illness affected your career?
How does therapy help bipolar 1 patients?
Should I quit a competitive sport I love if it makes me very anxious?
Have you honestly seen instances where a person with social anxiety was able to overcome it and become confident around people?
What is the effectiveness of exposure therapy for treating anxiety?
What is the difference between self consciousness and schizophrenia?
What is depression? What are its causes, prevention, and management?
Are there psychopaths out there who want to be 'normal' in order to get accepted by society? Or because they love somebody?
Shall I start programming to stop my depression?
Should I play CSGO to stop my depression?
What kind of song is Depression by Otxhello?
What do therapists do with what they have been told?
Who are successful people that have ADHD/ADD?
Can a person with some mental disorder become an IAS?
What percentage of politicians suffer HPD (histrionic personality disorder) so as to be the centre of attention?
What is the rough percentage of people who are institutionalized that have been diagnosed with sociopathy?
Can anxiety, panic or long-term stress make you permanently lose loved memories from the past?
Are Neurologists more well equipped than psychologists to combat depression?
What type of mental health professional deals with helping a client control his or her emotions?
How can I develop mental sharpness and stamina?
How can I tell if I have bipolar disorder type 2 or just severe depression? (It pretty much affects my everyday life.)
How do I tell my mom that I don’t need to see a psychiatrist, because I am clearly not depressed?
How common is it for people with only mild depression to have suicidal thoughts?
Is it normal that I always feel like I (or other humans) am a being no other than an animal?
What is going on in the scene where the United Airlines passenger who got dragged off is saying, “Just kill me”?
Why is the truth so funny sometimes?
How much progress can be made after a year of therapy for borderline personality disorder?
Is there such thing as pills that permanently take your depression away?
How can I enjoy physical pain?
What is the influence of genes in depression?
How can we figure out that we are depressed?
Why does it seem that my mental capacity fluctuates throughout the week?
What is inward BPD?
Can a parent accompany his son to a US visa interview if the son suffers from a mental illness?
Why do many depressives often end up developing a martyr complex?
After the big event that made you a sociopath, did the condition instantly manifest, or was it some time later?
What can I do to combat my depression?
Who are mentally strong people?
I tend to day dream a lot and blankly stare at nothing. Is this a mental/psychological disease? How do I change it?
What are ways to create awareness and community involvement about mental illness and depression in India, since it's still ignored and considered such a taboo?
Does the fact that I love women and babies mean that I'm definitely not a psychopath?
Can I develop bipolar disorder?
Why do people say that committing suicide is stupid when sometimes it is the only way for depressed people to escape depression on this world?
Where I can get less expensive mental treatment in Delhi?
What is the most challenging problem for those who work in the mental health sector? What would it be worth to you to solve this?
Who has a son with 47xyy chromosomal disorder?
How does someone who suffers from borderline personality disorder get through the day?
Do psychopaths have a lot of friends?
How do you deal with relatives that have mental problems?
In what part of the world is mental health care most effective?
What types of mental disorders besides narcissism affects affective empathy?
What should you do when your girlfriend suffers from depression?
Has anyone ever thought of committing suicide?
What should​ I do if I suffer the effects​ of corruption?
If you fail to commit suicide, do you feel like a failure?
How can someone deliver the most powerful psychological propaganda/mental conversion in the shortest time?
In what ways or patterns do mental illnesses "run in families," for example, if a parent has bipolar or ADHD, are the children likely to also manifest it or some other disorder? Can it be predicted?
Do jokes about mental health, contribute to the stigma surrounding it?
Is having texture issues with certain foods a type of mental weakness?
How do you overcome your mental barriers and focus on something new?
How do I get out of my suicide thoughts?
What are helpful ways to deal with panic attacks?
What mental illness do you have?
How can I survive depression caused by failure?
What are some tips to deal with anxiety symptoms?
Does a lack of sex cause depression, and do I need professional help?
What should I do if I am so psychopathic?
Why does every psychopath/sociopath say "rephrase this and think what a neurotypical would do" instead of just answering the question?
What can you tell us about learned helplessness?
How should I reduce depression and anxiety?
How do you tell the difference between ups and downs in a day versus bipolar?
If someone suffers from glaucoma, then to which eye specialist is she/he referred to?
What does it feel like to be depressed?
How can someone know the difference between a jerk or someone with a disorder?
"A difficulty in mentalisation is present." What does this mean?
Are the funniest guys in the classroom psychopaths?
Why do people who don't have borderline personality disorder answer the questions about what it's like to have BPD?
How do you deal with a psychopath that has damaged you and your family?
Can someone who has undergone DBT and achieved positive results write about it?
How can we overcome obsessive thoughts and get back to the normal flow of life?
What can you do when you are trapped and can't escape your phobia while having severe anxiety?
How am I supposed to tell my Asian parents I'm depressed?
What are the effects of mental stress on throat?
Why don't depressed people just think positively, volunteer, and exercise?
Why have I suddenly started having trouble with spellings at 18?
How can I come out of depression after getting a low band even after working hard at TCS?
Living with social anxiety is really hard; I don't want to live anymore. How can I leave without any pain?
How do I get over accidentally spending too much money on something?
Does over thinking leads to depression?
If someone has been feeling really depressed for about 6 months but then they feel "normal" for a week, will it come back? Is it really depression?
Would the symptoms of C-PTSD be able to class it as a personality disorder? It’s not officially recognised, but does it fit the classification?
Has Abhishek Tr suffered from depression? If yes, how did he overcome it?
Does Clay Jensen develop any mental disorders due to Hannah’s tapes?
Where is the best place to get treated for borderline personality disorder in the US?
Why dosen't Lord Krishna help me overcome of OCD?
Is it better for some people to keep their stress/problems to themselves?
Is it possible that my bad grades are related to depression?
Why are some people with bipolar disorder forgetful?
Do males with BPD often appear as psychopaths and get misdiagnosed as such?
Borderline Personality Disorder: As a BPD sufferer who has undergone any of the current treatment methods (CBT, DBT, mentalization) successfully, do you think it cured you completely or did it just give you a set of coping/control skills?
What should I do to stop my depression forever as a 15-year-old high schooler?
Would a psychopath react to Scarecrow's fear gas?
In spite of therapy and medications, I'm still depressed and have many crying spells daily. Any additional advice on coping?
What are some ideas for calming an anxious person?
What is the worst thing to say to a depressed person?
Why are psychopaths secretive about the condition to people they don't respect in real life but are open about it to strangers online?
What kind of superpowers can be associated with your mental state or your desires?
Do people with schizophrenia remember what it was like before they developed symptoms of the illness?
How do you deal with performance anxiety at work?
Why does my chest hurt when I feel depressed?
Do people realize the difference between the psychopath (ASPD) and the psychopath who is neuro-untypical?
How do I cure social phobia?
Are a lot of people in the world experiencing paranoia?
I stopped smoking 4 months ago, after 36 years. I've been slowly sinking into a depression ever since and my life is falling apart. What can I do?
Does hypnotherapy have a permanent effect on curing our anxiety issues?
How do I handle depression and frustration caused by not being able to travel?
Why do people use the word depressed as a synonym for sad?
Is it weird to start working with a therapist to not only continue your therapy but also to address the loss of your last counselor?
When dying, is it "wrong" to take up tobacco and alcohol to get through the pain mentally and physically?
Does taking Fluoxetine for depression and a mild eating disorder affect my personality?
Is it more difficult to qualify for disability for major depression than bipolar disorder or schizophrenia?
How do physically/mentally disabled people meet their emotional needs when they are not being met by loved ones?
How did you overcome the residual fatigue after recovering from depression?
What makes some people cry as soon as they enter therapy for the first time, while it takes others a long time to be able to cry in therapy?
What's a psychological disorder that's common but not many people know about it?
Is it true that all artists suffer from mental illnesses? Do they always do drugs?
What is the best way for a patient with anxiety issues to get an upper endoscopy?
I have a paranoid schizophrenic son. Is there hope?
How should I deal with paranoia if I have bipolar disorder?
Sometimes I have thoughts such as thinking that my parents are not mine. Is that a symptom of schizophrenia?
What are the causes of an anxiety attack?
How do I cope with reality and anxiety?
I have been in a depression since last year. How do I get out of a depression?
Could hallucinations and visual disturbances be caused by a cyst in maxillary sinus?
How do people survive prolonged horrific suffering?
How would a patient suffer from mental deterioration upon withdrawing from a prescription drug when they didn't suffer while taking it?
Do you think dabbling with spiritism, magic, Ouija boards, seances and the like can cause you mental, emotional and physical harm?
Can Quorans make an accurate distinction of clinical vs. non-clinical psychopaths?
How does a psychopath feel watching someone die or feel extreme pain?
How can I tell my therapist about certain events without the fear of hospitalization?
How do I get rid of OCD, anxiety, and insomnia?
What would happen if two psychopaths wanted to manipulate each other, but both were unaware that the other was also a psychopath?
Can society survive without psychopaths?
How do people endure extreme suffering over a long time?
Why would would someone (e.g. Athena Walker) seem proud to be a psychopath?
What is a depressed mood?
What effect(s) of lithium withdrawal should I expect?
What kind of mental disorders are considered to be within the criteria of PWD?
How would a psychopath survive long trips with other people (plane rides, sharing rooms, etc.)?
Why is Riluzole used to treat patients with bipolar disorder?
How do “high-functioning” ASPDs react to their diagnosis?
Would you want to know that you have dementia?
What is the best way to support/deal with a loved one that suffers from depression, anxiety, and (possibly) OCD?
I have been suffering from mood swing disorder and depression but I want to be happy again. What should I do to overcome this?
Am I in a quarter-life crisis with my exams? I'm 18 years old and I feel depressed, even though I don't suffer from depression.
What percentage of depressed teens get better after puberty (or say after they turn 20)?
If a psychopath is born, why can't there be psychopathic children?
How does avoidant personality disorder differ from other personality disorders?
What classifications of mental disorders existed in 1920s?
As a Christian, is it OK to masturbate/fantasize while single?
Regularly, I feel euphoric and energetic out of the blue, but it's soon followed by a stage of severe depression. Should I see a doctor?
How can you tell if a sociopath is using you or if he/she likes you? (Or at least respects you).
Can I have anorexia if I eat? Do I have a different eating disorder?
How can someone get over being shocked mentally?
Do disempathetic sociopaths really exist?
What should you keep in mind if you have a mental illness and is afraid of dying?
What if we all are schizophrenic and all of our lives are just a delusion?
How common is it to feel guilty for no legitimate reasons at all if you have bipolar disorder?
I honestly don't think I can talk to my parents about this. How do I get help if I think I'm depressed without being considered an attention seeker?
What are the causes of sleep disorder, types & treatment?
How effective is psychotherapy for depression?
How should people with mental illnesses survive in the world knowing that a lot of people are ignorant about mental illnesses?
What are some crisis survival strategies for a BPD?
Why do we have mental conversations with ourselves?
What do depressed people think of the one who always listens to them and encourages them?
Is a borderline personality disorder a sociopath or a psychopath?
Why do people who are kind suffer more?
What is OCD sufferers attempting to neutralize negative thought with positive thoughts called?
How do I deceive someone into believing that I am a psychopath?
Why do you think mental illnesses are on the rise? Do we blame society, genetics, trauma, or our childhood?
What would a romantic relationship between a female and male who both have borderline personality disorder look like?
What should I do if I think I have PTSD?
What are the differences between psychology, psychiatry and psychotherapy?
How do people with mental illnesses manage to become successful?
Can dissociation occur with trauma-related depression?
Would you take a pill that will take away any mental disorders and will make you happy for the rest of your life, but will take away 30 IQ points?
How do you deal with performance anxiety?
If anti-psychotic drug usage in the elderly leads to increased mortality rates, what happens to schizophrenia sufferers in their old age?
Why are the mentally ill people treated like criminals even if they didn't commit any crimes?
For people who have NPD and have awakened to their disorder, what specifically was it that made you suddenly become aware of your disorder?
Why do people like to bully mentally ill people?
Is the prevalence of mental illness increasing?
What are the different types of psychotherapy for mental Illnesses?
Does smoking weed help the mania and/or depression of people who are bipolar?
I was physically abused as a child, how can I prevent getting cancer (Based on research)?
What are some ways of getting back my interest in college work? I have depression.
Can you motivate me to eat healthy?
Does modern life easily trigger mental illness than ever?
Does attributing mental health disorders to genetics let abusers off the hook? Is it really nature or nurture?
Can I go into psychosis while on antipsychotics? Has this happened to anyone before?
Is there anyone who doesn't want to commit suicide but wants the world to end?
Does my friend have dissociative identity disorder?
What does it mean to be an atheist and have bipolar disorder?
How do l get over my stress?
What could be the reason that I feel very good after the day of drinking?
What is wrong with a mentally ill person wanting equal rights compared to mentally healthy people?
Do you ever get exam anxiety? How do you deal with it and stop it from affecting your performance?
What triggered your derealization/depersonalization disorder?
Do you get depressed, if your life goal was becoming rich, and you finally are?
Is being overly judgmental about yourself sign of depression?
How can I become healthy and mentally strong?
Can you have bipolar disorder if you sleep normally?
How can you treat auditory hallucinations?
What should I do when my mind stops thinking and I get depressed?
How do I turn fear into motivation rather than depression?
What would happen if a normal person was kept on SSRI Prozac psychiatric medicine, with doses of 37.5mg/day?
What are some words that we should avoid using when communicating with depressed people?
Does a patient with mania have higher chances to become a psychopath?
How do you know if you are psychotic or if you are extremely psychic?
What do I do if I think I'm a sociopath?
How can I tell if I am depressed and should seek help?
How do I cope with overwhelming anxiety while waiting for a possible cancer recurrence of my spouse?
Can you recommend a comprehensive book exploring, or at least touching on, psychiatric syndromes (Stockholm and the like) and disorders?
Why are autistic people seen as having a mental disorder when violent people who get into fights are seen as simply having emotional problems?
Are SSRI's safe in the long run for treatment for OCD?
Does Inspector Javert have a mental illness?
Could I have sociopathic tendencies?
What should someone never say to a suicidal person?
Can you have more than one type of depression?
How do I deal with a spontaneously violent, almost bipolar, mum? I’m sick of it.
Do psychopaths enjoy being psychopaths?
How can you help your friend overcome depression?
What do people with BPD (borderline personality disorder) think of the book Walking on Eggshells?
How do I know if I'm a psychopath?
Are people with BPD generally creative people?
What are the ways by which I can get calm?
Do people who have gone through near death situations have lesser tendencies of depression/ suicidal thoughts?
How can I best respond to an adult daughter who has anxiety disorder and believes I have never understood her?
What are psychopathic tendencies?
Can a sociopath have a stable relationship with a nuerotypical person?
How can I be able to sleep with depression as a teen?
Can schizophrenia be treated successfully? Does it go away?
What exactly is the difference between psychopath and insanity?
What's it like to live without anxiety?
Would someone with schizophrenia sense a psychopath if they crossed paths?
I've heard of high and low functioning socio/psychopaths, but what would a mid level pathology look, act and behave like?
Did psychopaths experience anxiety when they were kids / teens?
What mental disease do you think Batman has?
Are the rules of 12 step groups doubtable?
What are the downsides of social support when coping up with stress?
Do psychopaths get any enjoyment out of life (when considering ones with highly muted emotions)?
Can a person diagnosed with major depression, acute, severe anxiety with panic attacks, schizoaffective disorder and takes psychotropic medication for symptoms be considered "disabled" by the U.S. government?
What is your life like if you are dually diagnosed with bipolar and panic disorders?
Can a single trauma cause somebody to become a sociopath?
What are the negative effects of intrusive thoughts?
Should I get help if I only feel depressed at night?
How do you tell your parents you want to go seek mental help at age 13?
How do you tell your parents you want to seek mental help at age 13?
If anxiety is 100% curable, why are some people suffering from it for a whole 25 years?
What can help if you are extremely upset for no reason? What causes this depression?
Do psychopaths/sociopaths like animals more than people?
What do psychopaths sociopaths think of people with DID?
What is the least painful&cheap way to commit suicide?
Has anyone been prescribed quetiapine for the treatment of schizophrenia, bi polar and chronic/severe depression? What was your experience?
What is the best, quickest, and cheapest way to commit suicide with the least pain?
Can an individual suffering from schizoaffective disorder actually recover completely?
How do we break the cycle of chronic anxiety?
What should I do when I start to hear voices again?
How effective is psychotherapy? And how is it effective?
Could a person with a disorder become a psychotherapist? And more than that, can his first patient be himself?
Do people affected by borderline personality disorder (BPD) have issues remembering the sequences of events in the proper order, or is that more of a tool they use to escape blame?
My teenage daughter suffers from social anxiety and she has no friends, how can I help?
Have any of you ever lost your artistic abilities when you got out of depression?
Does anyone feel "Fatal Attraction" accurately depicts someone with BPD?
What is the cause of cumpulsive lying disorder?
Can obsessive compulsion disorder be treated only by medications?
How do you take mentally ill relatives to the psychiatrist?
Is being nervous sometimes healthy? Also, what happens inside your body when you're nervous?
How do I cope with IB exam stress & anxiety about failing?
What is in your opinion the best way to get over Social anxiety disorder?
What percent of people suffering from schizophrenia realize they suffer from schizophrenia on their own?
Do people with bipolar disorder lack empathy when they're experiecing grandiose delusions?
I want to commit suicide, who can I speak to?
How do mental health therapists keep up with and handle so many cases per day?
What are my risks of having a child with a mental or physical illness if I'm bipolar?
What are some mental benefits of belonging to a religion? And what are some mental benefits of being an atheist?
What are the common ways to be healed of OCD?
I want to commit suicide. What am I supposed to do?
Why do manic depressive not feel emotions sometimes?
How BPD is a "disorder"? What if it is just a lifestyle?
How flexible are you (mentally)?
What are your experiences during auditory hallucinations?
Can the parent’s ways of thinking or mentality also be transmitted from the parents to their progeny?
How long does it take to "cure" PTSD, to not be triggered anymore?
Do psychopaths have advantages in life?
What is the difference between schizophrenic and psychopathic?
Can you go insane from isolation and loneliness?
Why there are no government-funded education programs for people who are over 40 with mental disabilities in Canada? It seems like age discrimination.
Why can't we allow people to commit suicide if they choose to?
How can I control my high anxiety levels?
Would running away from situations be considered a panic attack?
How do I prepare a questionnaire for teenagers about their mentality when they are sick?
How do you get yourself to go through with suicide?
What makes you suffer from mania?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
Is psychopathy and pedophilia correlated?
Why do psychopaths cry?
Is it weird that I want to be depressed?
Why do I feel depressed after a night out?
How do psychopaths and sociopaths feel towards their children?
What are common known things in psychology?
What can you do when you meet a foreigner with depression?
What cognitive biases are mentally ill people more vulnerable to?
What would happen if direct discussions and feedback were allowed in 12 step meetings? Wouldn’t that be a whole lot more useful?
How do I overcome thoughts of committing suicide?
How can one come out of depression when the reason for being depressed has not solved?
Does "Thirteen Reasons Why" spread a positive message about suicide or glamourize it?
Is it sound practice for a therapist to tell you to pray?
Why does schizophrenia cause indecisiveness?
Can I receive treatment for social anxiety without a legal guardian’s consent now that I am 16 in England? Do I need to pay for it? I’ve never been to a GP before.
Is it possible to get through anxiety alone? I'm tired of looking for someone who understands.
What would psychopaths suggest to neurotypicals to help them minimise their empathy for themselves?
What should I do about a dismissive friend?
Is it common to feel like you lack a sense of self?
How do therapists avoid seeing only one side?
Are there any “public” high-functioning psychopaths?
Is it OK for my wife to throw away my anti-anxiety medication even though all notices say never just quit?
How does lying affect your mental health, and what are some examples?
How are all psychiatric medications similar and different? How do they interact?
How do I prevent insomnia due to anxiety?
Should I be afraid to find out from a doctor if I am truly a psychopath?
What is the best way to help my girlfriend deal with anxiety?
Do therapies really cure depression?
What are some good TV shows about mental illness?
How can I help a friend depressed with chronic medical problem?
Does depression cause your brain to be untidy?
Former bullied kids, what did your bullies do when they met you as an adult?
Why doesn't the state or government institutionalize and care for homeless people that are mentally unstable and clearly unable to care for themselves?
If you could change one thing about yourself during your teenage years. What would it be?
How is the personal life of a psychologist?
What are the latest medical breakthroughs for people suffering from mental illness?
As a therapist, what does it feel like to lose a client to suicide?
Do you think only “weak” or “insane” people need professional psychological/emotional help?
With the rising of 'suicidal memes', how bad can they be for you?
As someone with depression, should I be searching for a job in a supportive environment or should I just settle for anything that I can get?
How can a human being deal with mood disoder or high level of anxiety?
How do you become mentally stimulated?
At what point of depression should I consult a psychiatrist?
What if your social anxiety is extreme to the point where you can't talk to girls and can't date?
Can a psychopath imitate emotions without him/her knowing?
How effective is psychotherapy for schizophrenia?
I have been diagnosed with BPD. Therapists and Psychiatrists have not helped me overcome the severe fear of abandonment. What is the way out?
Are panic attacks permanent?
Why do so many people feel anxiety?
How did few mathematicians lost thier mental health and died understanding infinity?
Is it wrong to do sarvangasana if I am suffering from cervical spondylosis?
What kind of personality is attracted to someone with BPD?
How do I get through heroin withdrawal alone? Or should I get help at a rehab center?
Does sociopathy warrant imprisonment or trouble on the sociopath's part even if the sociopath did not commit a crime?
Who has tried Vyvanse for a binge eating disorder? What were your experiences?
How do you deal and remain strong like always, when you know sadness and depression coming from all ways?
How does one go on with bipolar disorder, severe anxiety, and dependent personality disorder?
Is every suicidal person depressed?
What if two psychopaths were told to manipulate each other, but both were unaware that the other person is a psychopath trying to manipulate them as well?
How do I become strong physically and mentally?
When does holocaust belief become a mental illness?
Is there a link between high functioning anxiety and being highly sensitive (crying, not being able to compose oneself) or emotional vulnerabitily?
How can I change my lifestyle with help from my therapist?
Can you fake a mental illness?
What causes paranoia for some of those who have bipolar disorder?
Can you still have hallucinations if you've been stable on anti-psychotic medication for 6 months?
What things come under depression?
I'm suffering from hypersomnia. What should I do?
How can a person affected with a multiple personality disorder speak different languages that he hadn’t learnt or heard in his entire life?
Is there any reason to live if you are mentally disabled?
How do I get rid of 3 years old depression?
Is there an NGO that works for mental health in Pune?
How does a psychopath fare in jail?
What happens when PTSD is left untreated for a long time?
What are some things my girlfriend can do to help me with my combat PTSD?
What are the signs of a good prospective psychologist? What type of personality should one have as a psychologist?
Where do I look for information on children born in mental asylums?
Should I take a wealthy self help guru to court, who's negligence caused me PTSD and great debt? This celebrity has offered a pittance to keep quiet.
I sometimes feel depressed and lock myself in a dark room and cry. Is this normal?
Is it possible to have both BPD and Schizoid Personality Disorder?
Why is it sometimes the case that people who want to commit suicide have to take other lives as well as their own?
How is CMC’s psychiatric dept., and how can I book an appointment? Who are the best doctors in the psychiatric department, and can they treat chronic depression?
Why do teenagers make jokes about mental illness?
Do psychopaths set people up, and if so, how do they do it?
Why are most people miserable and anxious?
Why do people commit suicide live on Facebook?
Do I have ASPD?
Has a link been established between clairvoyance and a mental illness like BPD?
Does everyone who experience PTSD get a 1000 mile stare or are there people who experience something different?
What does cognitive disorder look like?
How can I get help when I have suicidal thoughts without others knowing?
If someone masturbates, is there any chance for his/her child to be mentally unstable?
How can you come back to life from extreme depression without the help of professionals and pills?
How do I keep friends when suffering from depression?
Will overthinking a serious mental issue lead to any other problems?
I can't get back to normal after an episode of depression, and I don't even feel like myself anymore. How do I get past this?
Can an untreated mental illness "help" develop another one or a personality disorder, for example, OCD and BPD?
Do the majority of psychopaths have a desire to harm or kill, or is that primarily people with low function and low impulse control?
Do bullies suffer a psychiatric or psychological disorder?
What should I say to someone who is depressed?
What if all humans suddenly got depression?
How can I learn to visualize mental images?
What is the difference between a sociopath and a male protector alter?
What type of mental disorder is it when one feels the need to have too many things to the point of over complication?
What repercussions could seeing a doctor about mental health have (UK)?
How do you know if you are about to get into a depression?
What is depression? Is it considered to be a mental illness?
Which mental disorders make people feel the most alienated?
Why do introverts seem to be depressed so often? Are they a minority?
I’m going to commit suicide soon. How should I do it?
How can I help my sibling with her depression?
What causes bipolarity and pathological lying?
How do I wake up from a depersonalization/derealization feeling?
Have psychopaths ever taken responsibility and truly apologized for serious emotional damage they may have done to an empath?
Are there any resources online to recognize an attention disorder?
How can you find ways to sleep when suffering from anxiety?
Where can I find someone to talk to about my treatment-resistant depression?
Does a sociopath recognize another sociopath?
What are some differences between the way average people view psychopaths and the way psychopaths view themselves?
What is it called when a psychiatric patient suffers from two or more illnesses? How hard is it to diagnose if the patient is high functioning?
Is it possible to have borderline personality disorder without having experienced a significant trauma?
Why do some people choose to live in depression rather than live a happier life, even when they know or remember what it felt like to be happy?
Would you take on a business partner who has had severe depression and anxiety which has kept them house bound in the past?
What's the reason behind being a schizophrenic if none of your parents have schizophrenia?
What are the physical feelings involved in stress?
How does Multiple Personality Disorder develop?
Does masturbating from an early age and continuing it cause disorders in one’s offspring?
Can anxiety make you lose interest in things you once liked? Is it temporary? What can someone do to regain passion during anxiety?
I'm a very bad communicator. My thoughts are haphazard and unorganized. I can't put them in words. Is it some type of mental disorder?
Is weed okay to have for those who are suffering from depression, are under depression medication and are short tempered?
Do people with borderline personality disorder realize how much they hurt people?
Why do people find self harm and suicide poetic?
Why can't I let anyone get close to me?
What would a psychologist ask to make a sociopath diagnosis?
What are some inetersting hypotheses about the causes of psychosis?
I need help for a novel I'm drafting. Can a psychopath mentally snap and become psychotic?
For diagnosed psychopaths, how was your diagnosis given, how many times, and did you know anything about psychopathy before you were diagnosed, and could it just be a self-fulfilling prophecy?
What are your thoughts on psychotherapy?
What should be done in order to have a clear understanding about my career as I am extremely confused and feel depressed all the time?
Is there any relationship between irrational thoughts and self-harm?
What triggers bipolar disorder?
Is it a sign of mental illness if a guy sleeps with a different girl every day on vacation?
Is having an injection fetish a mental disorder?
Is there a scientific reason why people commit suicide?
What is the definiton of insanity?
Is depression related to increased sensitivity to physical pain?
Why do I feel anxious when a person doesn't reply fast enough?
Do psychopaths enjoy talking about themselves, or do they prefer not to do it?
Does celebrities use psychotic drugs?
Can someone be a psychopath, sociopath, and narcissist all in one? How about a combination of two of those?
I am 16 and like being isolated and having imaginary friends. Is that a sign of mental illness?
What is Vikas Prabhav’s view on the role of occupational therapy in mental health?
My family is very abusive. I'm extremely depressed (suicidal) and unable to think of anything else. What would you do if you were me?
Why are the terms psychopath and sociopath not scientific, even though there are some differences?
What is it like being a sociopath and married?
What are some accurate fictions describing psychopaths?
How do I cope with post-exam depression?
Why do I get mental scars from my dreams?
Will a psychiatric practice in India be rewarding?
What happened when you first sought out therapy for depression?
Are synesthetic experiences considered a disorder if you are multilingual and think you "just like music" too? Can it be that you have a good memory?
I am very depressed (self-diagnosed) and I can't find help. How can I cope / find a reason to live?
What’s the lowest you ever reach in life when dealing with depression?
Why do depressed people sometimes feel a bit self centered?
Can overthinking cause a negative effect on your physical/mental/emotional state of living?
How can I choose a good therapist or psychiatrist? How can I know they are good at what they do or good for me?
Why are they making fun of depression?
Which medications are prescribed to delusional paranoid patients and or people with psychotic disorders?
How do depressed people behave?
How can I cure my eating disorder on my own?
How can I stop my online friend from committing suicide?
How can I be free from depression, loneliness and PTSD after almost 8 years?
What should you do if you think you have anxiety?
Can I get life insurance if I've been treated for depression but in remission?
How might people with mental health issues benefit from brain-computer interface technologies?
How do you know if you have cyclothymic disorder?
Do I have any psychological problem? Symptoms- aggressive behaviour, paranoid feelings, depressing everywhere around, confused in everything.
Will brain-computer interface technologies help people with mental health issues, such as anxiety, depression, and/or ADHD?
Do counselors/psychologists really care about their patients/clients?
How serious is BPD?
Are child prodigies more likely to suffer from mental illness?
Is there a need for psychosocial intervention as a part of treatment for mental illnesses?
How can you stay grounded when recovering from dissociation amidst serious trauma?
Is there a connection between depression and the temperature of your body?
What are some characteristics of the different levels of mental retardation?
Can depression be diagnosed through some actual tests, not some psychoanalysis type of question-answer?
Why does your mind always think of dying when you’re depressed?
How do I overcome depression and anxiety in college that has been bothering me for the past 3 years and so on?
Is it possible to develop a mental disorder from watching anime?
How could Parliament legislate a “mental health care” bill when “public health” is a state subject?
Should I quit taking risperidone if it doesn't help much anymore?
How can one tell if he/she has depression or is just "going through a phase"?
Is Indonesia in the urge of mental illness education?
I’m in secondary school, and my results are getting worse. I feel stressed and depressed and do not want to stay here for a year. What should I do?
How can I forgive myself for hurting myself ?
Does anyone ever feel like they can't have a nervous breakdown because they're permanently in one anyway?
My girlfriend suffers from SAD. What can I do to help her?
How did you treat your teenage depression?
Why do we get that "pit in the stomach" feeling when we're nervous or anxious?
Why do people not see the inherent relationship between autism, sociopathy, and psychopathy?
Do hikikomori feel guilty for using up their parents' resources but offering nothing in return?
Should I take lessons from a possible source of a trigger as a person with C-PTSD?
What is the reason that performance anxiety happen?
Why is it so hard to get help for my son’s mental health?
How long should existential depression last? How do I surpass it?
Can a heavy blame make a person suffer from mania?
I feel like I have bipolar disorder, but I have no idea what to do, I'm too scared to reach out. How would I tell if I am bipolar?
How can you tell if someone is insane or if they are just cruel?
How can I get energy and motivation when depressed?
What would be the behaviour of a psychopath who is in a group of people and for every person he's got a different mask? How would he balance the situation?
How do I deal with severe depression and suicidal thoughts after becoming an atheist?
Do all people have some sort of personality disorder?
Is Filthyfrank mentally ill?
Why do I have an inflated sense of self-worth?
Should I go see a psychologist about my anxiety?
Does a diagnosis of a personality disorder go on your medical record?
How do I study with zeal for the NEET after 3 years of depression?
How can you prove you have depression?
Where do the mentally ill people go?
What can you do when you're depressed and alone?
What was your first panic attack?
Why is an individual's mental age assigned by comparing it to the mental age of 16?
Do I have to be medically diagnosed by a doctor to say I have anxiety?
What are some characteristics of intrusive thoughts?
Why is it OK for people with mental illnesses to be excused?
How can I believe that a disorder will increase with time?
How can I tell my parents about my social anxiety when I'm afraid to talk to them?
Is there a higher percentage of artists among mental health professionals (counselors, psychologists, etc.)? And if so, why?
Is there a really good therapy for emptiness?
How do I make my parents know I need mental help?
Why don't people support assisted suicide for people with severe mental illnesses who wish to end their suffering?
Can fear of a given mental illness provoke said mental illness?
What is the difference between Hyperconsciousness and Paranoia?
Can a heavy blame cause a person to be depressed?
Did you think that you were depressed until you realized that you had a certain vitamin deficiency and the treatment made the depression vanish?
What do people do before they commit suicide?
What current rappers can break you out of a depression instantly?
Does coffee make your anxiety/depression worse?
Did people suffer mentaly during Cuban Crises?
I have depression and have a difficult time getting motivated. How can I fix that?
I was forced to take up a career of my father's choice. Now I feel really depressed how should I help myself to come out of this situation?
What can be done to reduce the stigma of suicide?
Do any emergency services have their own suicide prevention hotline?
Can heavy workload cause depression?
What are some examples of intrusive thoughts?
What would be considered positive symptoms of schizophrenia?
Can someone be both a sociopath and have Asperger syndrome?
Do I have some kind of PTSD? How can I try to get better without going to a shrink?
Does AASRA really help people who are thinking of committing suicide?
There's two voices in my head, is something wrong?
If someone were like a sociopath or psychopath but with the emotional depth of an empath, what would they be?
How can you grow mentally, spiritually, and physically?
I've gotten behind in school due to severe depression and being suicidal. How do I get caught up now that I've gotten help?
How does it feel when you become a sociopath?
Are there any psychiatrists who actually help without medication?
Can fear trigger mental illness?
Has my depression been a result of my personality? Is it too late to change at 21, given that I feel hopeless most of the time?
I have PTSD and depression, can someone explain what it feels like as a parent who has a child with PTSD?
Can you help me identify what's psychologically wrong with me?
How do I stop my depression, as a 15-year-old, if it’s making my life unlivable?
Why does it suck when I hear my sister's voice?
Has anyone suffered from severe anxiety while pregnant and the baby turned out fine? If not, what were any problems you faced?
I fell in love with my therapist, is this a good reason to terminate therapy?
What practices and mentality can help me defer gratification?
How do I commit suicide by electronic shock?
What disorders can a baby suffer from if the mother is older than the father by 6 months?
What should I do when a depressed partner suddenly stops all lines of communication?
What's your opinion on schizophrenic people?
How can I grow up mentally? I'm 21 years old but mentally feel like a 10-year-old.
What are some ways to stay stable after hypo/mania?
Do you think that Richard Ramirez was a wannabe psychopath?
What part of the brain causes extreme paranoia and obsessive thoughts?
What does it mean, if someone has difficulty with mentalizing?
What are some effective ways to become mentally stronger?
What are the best medications to take for a major depressive disorder with psychotic features? (Mine isn't working.)
What was your experience of Precocious Puberty?
Does constant complaining cause any mental disorder?
What works best as a treatment method in OCD anxiety disorder, allopathy or homeopathy?
Why do I always have bad dreams and wake up tired?
What impact has a major illness/surgery had on you?
What do people with (or have closely experienced) depression/suicide want people to learn from “13 Reasons”. Why? And what in it do you disagree with?
Is talking to oneself bad for mental health? What does it indicate?
What are the signs that you are mentally mature?
Lately I find that I can’t deal with people at all. Sometimes I can be friendly and involved, but most times I judge them as idiots. Is it possible I have BPD?
Are all introverted BPD people waifs or hermits?
How common and how vivid are visual hallucinations in people with schizophrenia?
How does a person with BPD and NPD treat people? Are they ever sorry for their cruelty?
Are public officials in India reluctant to share contact details more visibly because of ubiquitous mental health issues in societies across India?
How do I build mental toughness and confidence for a track meet?
Could a brain scan help diagnose someone with depression?
What are the characteristics and leading cause of anxiety?
What happens to the ID if you cure "mental illness" by yourself?
I am too poor to do anything with my money, got rejected twice, failing to get a better job and constantly in depression. What should I do?
How does neurofeedback help biological depression?
On what basis does the behavioral mental health and human services file a complaint?
Can psychopathy come on later in life?
Does having years of depression affect one's I.Q. permanently?
Why do people think psychopaths have no fear or emotions, when it’s the reverse?
Why is it hard to make something yet easy to destroy?
What are the different language disorders?
This question may be naive, but what is the most effective drug for anxiety?
If true psychopathy can be diagnosed with brain scans, why isn't it recognised as an actual condition?
How can I help someone who suffers with pain and depression get out of the house and enjoy life?
Why do men with BPD lack empathy but women with BPD have too much empathy?
Do psychopaths use emoticons?
What are your positive experiences with inpatient psychiatric care?
Do masochists derive pleasure from mental and physical fatigue?
What can I do to help my significant other while they are in therapy?
Someone spread rumours about me by twisting and turning facts. It is affecting my physical and mental health. What should I do?
Why are some psychopaths doing activism in Quora?
When did you finally agree to be on drugs to treat your social anxiety?
Are there any helplines or people in Mumbai that can help me with my depression and anxiety?
Why are some people who have bipolar disorder paranoid?
Can people with bipolar disorder have long lasting relationships and be good parents?
How can someone cure or control OCD without going to a therapist?
How do I change a mentally disturbed person?
Can intellectual power deteriorate due to mental inactivity just as a body can deteriorate due to physical inactivity?
Do you think people who talk to themselves should be placed in a mental institution?
Where can I find free psychiatric advice?
What is a social communication disorder? What are the best procedures to treat it?
Can being in depression (at the age of 22) for years affect one's I.Q. permanently, even after getting out of it?
How do I get rid of a language disorder?
How do we determine if a person is psychotic or merely idiosyncratic?
Why aren't 'teenage psychopaths' more common?
How do you treat deep depression?
How many people suffer from depression, in the creative industries?
How do I overcome depression from an inevitable breakup?
How can you cure depression without medication?
How do you communicate with a sociopath?
Why can't I involve in any thing mentally?
What are the latest trends in relaxation?
What is the best way to commit suicide without any chance to be saved?
The new me is depressed, unimpressed, and has no confidence. I need the old me. How?
Why does someone suffer for others’ actions?
How can you refresh your mind in ten minutes during studying?
What can I do about anxiety and mental blackouts during exams?
Is there any way to get on a sociopath's good side but not by giving in to their manipulation? Is it possible to keep healthy boundaries?
I'm mentally retarded. What should I do now?
Is it possible to recover from stress and depression without the help of a psychiatrist?
For how long does a schizophrenic need to take medications?
In terms of history, is psychopathy a recent personality disorder?
Do you do anything to yourself relating to anxiety?
If someone undergoes severe stress at a young age, does part of their mental development stop and stay at that age level?
Is yoga effective in treating anxiety?
CBT and speech therapy isn't helping me. Is medication my only hope?
How do I maintain my mental health and avoid negativity?
Should I tell my friends that I want to kill myself, and if so, what’s the best way to go about it?
Do psychopaths ever betray a member of their family?
What are some ways to help a deeply depressed friend from a long distance?
Would it be easy for a sociopath/psychopath to slit their own throat?
If you think you're a god, is it considered a mental illness?
Why are people committing suicide on Facebook Live?
I seem to have developed a new anxiety symptom. How can I nip it in the bud?
What are some things I should keep in mind when writing a character with a mental disorder?
Who are some of the world's foremost researchers in bipolar disorder?
Is a criminology degree worthless if you have a mental disorder?
How can I avoid being around women? I'm scared of them because I have social anxiety.
How would a psychopath/sociopath react if they met a sadist or masochist?
Are autistics more likely to commit suicide than neuro-typicals?
How do you deal with individuals with abnormal psychological conditions?
Is there any NGO in Lucknow to help me take my relative affected by bipolar disorder to a hospital? I have already tried, but it's not effective yet.
How can I help my brother with OCD?
Could focusing on increasing neurogenesis cure depression?
Are spies more likely to commit suicide?
I am suffering from depression and have problems with friends. What can I do?
How do I overcome my depression as a student of Medicine?
How can I avoid being around women? I'm scared of them. Am I experiencing social anxiety?
Are autistics more likely to commit suicide?
What are some examples of ideas of reference that people with schizophrenia experience?
How do I accept my insecurities?
Is OCD mental contamination real?
I have bipolar disorder with successive episodes of depression and mania every 3.5 yrs. Can I join any of the armed forces?
Do therapists worry about a patient committing suicide?
In your experience, what has helped the most when dealing with depression alone?
How can I write an essay while being depressed?
Who can I talk to about getting a letter for a support animal if my current mental health professionals are not allowed to write one?
How do I reverse the effect of porn?
What should I do to be able to sleep if my depression doesn’t allow me to sleep?
Is it okay for people suffering from anxiety to watch Thirteen Reasons Why?
What are the main reasons for depression?
Is there a proven link between schizophrenia and the month of birth?
How can I overcome the anxious feeling of restarting my career in a new city?
How could I test myself to see if I'm bipolar?
Is ADHD an actual issue or just our way of avoiding blame for our own misuse of our mental capacity?
What meditation is recommended for schizoid personality disorder?
A psychiatrist told me, "You can read a book all the way through so you do not have depression." Is this correct?
Do counselors have the power to diagnose their patients? Or is it only psychiatrists?
My sister-in-law gets ill every now and then. I would like to help her but it depresses me. What should I do? l am a widower.
What are you paranoid about, or what are the paranoias that you have seen in your patients if you are a doctor?
Did anyone else, once they reached 18, had their mind cleared from severe depression to mild?
Is manic depression hereditary?
What is the difference between psychosis and psychopathy?
How easily do people fall into depression?
What should I do if school makes me depressed and want to kill myself?
What do you think about identity disorders?
What is a commonly misdiagnosed illness?
How do I know if I am a victim of social anxiety? If I am, is there any way to get rid of it?
Do BPD attacks increase with age?
Why do some people love to talk about their mental disorders?
Do people with schizophrenia have any positive/enjoyable hallucinations?
I have been pretending to be normal and not sick for 5 years now. What should I do?
I'm getting depressed these days. What should I do?
How can I go through with committing suicide?
How does mental agility help in life?
How do I write a case study on mood disorder?
What should be taken into account when setting up a mental health treatment plan?
Which doctor is better for mental abnormality?
Can someone diagnosed as bipolar or a spouse of someone who is bipolar tell me what mania and depression feel like?
My girlfriend always faces issues and gets depressed in April. How can I possibly change this?
How can I act depressed?
How do you prepare for a boxing match mentally and physically?
What was the worst way you found out that somebody you know has depression?
What are early warning signs of eating disorders in children?
What is the ideal way to commit suicide?
Steve Stephens blamed a woman for his horrible crime, what did she do to him and can you say that he had suffered from suicide bomber syndrome ?
For the diagnosed psychopaths out there, when you hear about heinous criminal acts, do you think, "Yeah, I get it," or do you also think "WTF"?
What is happening if you enter into a sociopath/psychopath’s mind?
Should I be concerned about my physical symptoms knowing that I have anxiety?
Has Dr. Jitendra Mistry ever suffered from depression? If so, how did he overcome it and become highly successful?
Why do I wake up depressed and crying?
What am I supposed to do when I have depression and my mom do not believe me?
How do I fight depression if I am too scared?
What is the cause for someone not being able to see their positive traits?
Why don't atheists accept that atheism is a mental illness?
Psychoanalysis: What is the most interesting mental illness and why?
What are the best ways to have fun on trip and end up with stress and depression?
What can I do when I feel upset and maybe depressed?
What do I say to the doctor if I think I have a mental illness?
I’ve been struggling with bipolar disorder for 17 years and fibromyalgia for 10 years. What are my chances of getting assisted suicide with dignity?
People are assuming I'm a psychopath just because of having (all of the) the traits, how can I explain that I'm not a psychopath?
Why do some people have weird mentality?
Can not liking your job make you ill?
Could comorbid personality disorders be to blame for aspies who turn violent towards others?
How can social support be helpful in coping with stress?
How can I help my daughter who has depression?
Is there a mental condition that sometimes gives you a ridiculously high confidence and fearlessness?
Is depression usually cured?
How do you get a crazy person diagnosed?
How do I keep calm and focused when I’m anxious about the future?
What’s the best way to deal with weather-related depression/a depressing climate?
Can someone become slow comprehending, distracted, or put on a dumb front after being emotionally damaged or abused? Is it a mental defense mechanism?
What should be expected of ERP for OCD and what is recovery for you?
Should someone with anxiety disorders ever get married?
My loved one is getting depressed by the fear of her death, how can I help her?
How did being bipolar make college and education harder for you? How did you cope?
How do I pass an extreme amount of time without going insane?
How do I deal with post-concert depression?
How practical is it for a person with dysthymic disorder to hold a job?
What type of psychological screening do psychologists undergo?
How many cases of depression/suicide at MIT has Kevin Kwok prevented simply by being himself?
Are there some mobile applications that can help depressed people?
Where can a homeless mentally ill person go to get help in AZ?
Do the majority of top writers and contributors of Quora suffer from social anxiety?
Do people have less sympathy for people with severe depression if they are overweight?
Should complete PTSD be in a category all on its own in the DSM?
Has anyone ever 'cured' their anxiety disorder?
My friend is suicidal, how do I help her?
Why is there police brutality against people who have mental illnesses?
Do you think I suffer from social anxiety?
How do I cure anxiety and depression from premature birth?
What was the best experience you had as a mental patient?
What mental & emotional health issues do people get from social media like Facebook and Twitter?
How do I get urgent mental health help in the UK?
Why isn't an overactive imagination classed as a disorder?
Is Kim Jong-Il a narcissistic psychopath? Is he mentally ill?
What do I do after IOP?
How do you cope with depersonalization?
What are some misunderstood mental illnesses?
If a person has haemoglobin 5 and he suffers from jaundice, what should be done?
What treatments are recommended to deal with crying spells if I have depression?
Do head concussions make you more prone to panic attacks?
What is the psychotherapy market in India?
Are there personality disorders that look similar to Aspergers?
What are the differences between different mental illnesses?
What is the correlation between schizophrenia and smoking?
How do psychopaths harm their victim?
What are some weird things people with BPD do?
Is it acceptable to skip a day at school due to one's mental or emotional state?
What are good reasons to see a therapist?
What resources are available online for people with complex post-traumatic stress disorder or PTSD? https://www.ptsdwifey.com
Is saying “perhaps” when your lover is seeking help from you a good thing?
How do I know if I have body dysmorphic disorder?
How many people feel regret for those who committed suicide in the Aokigahara Forest?
What methods are most effective in treating PTSD?
Can you faint from anxiety?
Is paranoia a symptom of bipolar disorder?
What are some good mental health first aid resources?
How does therapy help bipolar 1 patients?
Are there any MDs or PhDs on here who also have schizophrenia? If so, how has your illness affected your career?
How did you get help for your depression in India?
Is sadism a progressive mental health disorder, or are you born with the mental wiring for it?
How is flat affect described in depression?
How do I get out of my suicide thoughts?
Can you faint from an anxiety attack?
You are feeling depressed about your school results. Suddenly an unexpected piece of luck changed your mood. What happened before and afterwards?
Does schizophrenia and anti-social personality disorder present with similarities in a clinical situation?
What is the difference between, and which is more dangerous, a psychopath or insanity?
I have a tough semester ahead, how do I mentally prepare myself to ace it?
How can I find a good job when depression has given me a very unstable job history?
How does untreated bipolar disorder evolve?
How do I differentiate between depression and sadness, especially when there is no physical symptom?
Does killing ants intentionally make me a psychopath?
How is makeup linked to mental health?
What treatment should someone have when suffering from narcissism & bipolar disorders? What do these look & feel like in real life situations?
Does caffeine actually increase mental activity?
Most of the time I spend my days just searching for jobs but I haven’t had any success. What should I do ? I feel so depressed.
Should I move out because of parental abuse?
If someone suffers from glaucoma, then to which eye specialist is she/he referred to?
Why do people 'attempt suicide' multiple times and survive when they could've killed themselves by choosing a single method that could kill them for sure?
When psychopaths take off the mask, why are they prone to cruelty and manipulation? Are those basic, innate human behaviors?
Is it better for some people to keep their stress/problems to themselves?
How common is paranoid schizophrenia in America and Europe?
I am depressed because my boyfriend left me after using me for sex. Can someone help me?
If you were to see someone with BPD get abused in public, what would you do?
Can CPTSD be so ingrained that it could be classed as a personality disorder?
Is therapy needed for abused victims/survivors? What can a person do if they can't afford therapy?
Should I tell someone that my friend mentioned wanting to dissect a human after doing it to his pet rabbit and loving it so much?
How does it feel to have a sadistic father and a depressed mother?
How do you explain what craniosacral therapy is?
Are Neurologists more well equipped than psychologists to combat depression?
As a medical practitioner have you ever identified an illness on the street on an unrelated person?
What can a woman who is depressed and not very social, do?
How common is it for people with only mild depression to have suicidal thoughts?
How have pregnancy and childbirth affected your mental and physical health?
Can someone who has undergone DBT and achieved positive results write about it?
Does the fact that I love women and babies mean that I'm definitely not a psychopath?
How is dementia pugilistica diagnosed in a patient?
How can someone know the difference between a jerk or someone with a disorder?
Why does every psychopath/sociopath say "rephrase this and think what a neurotypical would do" instead of just answering the question?
Why do so many people assume that people with BPD are abusive or manipulative by default?
Every person in the world has at least one mental irregularity. Why is it true or false?
Why have I suddenly started having trouble with spellings at 18?
As someone who is depressed, what is the best thing I can do for myself?
Who are successful people that have ADHD/ADD?
How can I stop overthinking all the time and feeling depressed?
How do I prevent my son from developing the mental illness I have?
Do social status-oriented people often tend to be predisposed to higher levels of social anxiety?
Why are depressed people uncomfortable around babies?
Is there a such thing as OCD induced body dysmorphia?
Is there a difference between a high functioning psychopath and a person with a high functioning antisocial personality disorder?
Could a psychopath like Dexter Morgan exist in real life?
How do you cope with stress and pressure?
What kind of stretches can be done and which should be avoided for someone who is diagnosed with disk degeneration disorder?
Can OCD come from PTSD?
Does Adderall shorten your attention span?
Wouldn't hypopathy be a better name for Psychopathy?
In developed countries, what class of people tend to commit suicide the most?
Should I stop gaming if it makes me depressed but independent but also seems to make my grades worse?
How can our minds "create" illnesses like depression, anxiety, and bulimia?
Should I stop gaming if it makes me depressed instead of making me feel better?
Is porn good for depression if you are dealing with the causes for it?
What do the external symptoms of a PTSD flashback look like?
Can depression cause ADD? Does it go away again? Is there a natural way to get rid of it?
What could be the most terrible hallucination?
Is there a mental illness where someone believes their own lies?
How do I overcome depression, after the loss of my first child?
What mental illness do you have?
I planned to have a "fun night" with my boyfriend, and I get really anxious and nervous thinking about it. How can I overcome the feeling?
How do I tell my mom that I don’t need to see a psychiatrist, because I am clearly not depressed?
I think I am going to become a psychopath again. What should I do?
Where is the best place to get treated for borderline personality disorder in the US?
Do people with Schizoid Personality Disorder have emotional empathy? Also, do they have a conscience?
Do symptoms of depression tend to be consistent?
Is mental toughness only reserved for few?
How do I know I have depression or anxiety?
Do psychopaths hallucinate or entertain delusional ideas?
What are some indicators of a good therapist or psychologist?
What are the disadvantages of Attention Deficit disorder?
What should I do if I am becoming depressed because of the people I love?
How do you stop compulsive thoughts?
How can I cope with sleep anxiety?
How can I cope with OCD anxiety?
What are ways to create awareness and community involvement about mental illness and depression in India, since it's still ignored and considered such a taboo?
Is it fair that some students can exploit mitigating circumstances for extensions on their work?
Why does CNS antigen sensitisation occur after trauma?
Why do some people think that drug addiction is not a mental disorder?
How do you control fear, emotions, and illusions in a patient suffering with OCD?
Is KRK a mentally disabled person?
How do I cope with a depressive episode if I am bipolar?
How do I get over accidentally spending too much money on something?
Why is a belief in God not considered to be a mental illness?
What should I do, where should I seek the answer, I am feeling so lost and depressed and it's so painful?
What does a severe anxiety attack feel like?
Why isn't "flourishing" or thriving yet a diagnosable clinical condition?
Can you have depression at a young age?
Why do I have such a high opinion of myself?
Does Clay Jensen develop any mental disorders due to Hannah’s tapes?
How can l get rid of some thoughts which I can't tell anyone?
Why am I so motivated at work, but exhausted/depressed on my days off and at all other times?
How do I stop depression and avoid suicide as a teen?
Is there any field to research which cover application of biotechnology in psychiatry/psychological disorders?
How did you pull yourself out of your darkest hour, and why are you now a stronger person because of this experience?
Has anyone fallen in love with a bipolar patient on Quora?
What type of medical issue do people think Trump is suffering from?
How do psychological factors affect physical health?
Who wants to be my friend as I don't have any friends, and because of this I get depressed for a long time?
How did you handle post study abroad depression?
Do others find that sharing their traumatic experiences on Quora is very therapeutic?
Why does everyone on Quora seem so depressed?
Are social workers allowed to be hired if they have mental illness like depression or anxiety?
Do you agree that depressive people have to avoid the situations that make them depressed instead of overcoming the same situations?
Why do people refer psychopaths as "bad guys"?
How do you psychologically motivate yourself to believe your illness will be cured?
What measures can the government take to spread information and make people aware about depression?
I was raped and I liked it. Does that make me mentally ill?
Why is it so hard to be thankful as a depressed person?
Why is being emotionally detached so praised on Quora?
Why do I feel depressed after having a good time?
Marijuana is used to treat anxiety, but is illegal in Austin, where I live. What can I do to treat my multiple anxiety disorders?
What traits both physical and mental are needed to be a good sniper?
How do you argue that Trump is not mentally ill in light of the facts, including 41K mental health professionals opining so on J. Gartner PhD's petition?
Is it weird I envy psychopaths?
I'm stucked in my life. I'm depressed. How could I tackle this situation?
Do these things rule out sociopathy- fear of death, insecurity, humility, depression, suicidal thoughts, and rage?
Have I let my family down by not having children? I feel as if I have. I suffer from depression.
How do I stop getting depressed about my life and my career?
What does Cymbalta do for depression?
I’m confused, depressed, and alone. What should I do?
Does an identity disorder have any intensity levels, and how could I know if I have that or not?
What is some advice for someone dating someone who may be a bit odd, to say the least?
In which movie do people start having their senses amplified? The movie ends with an eating disorder where people can’t stop eating, so they die.
What is the best way to confirm that you have clinical depression, and not a season of the blues?
Is there a law in Oklahoma which prohibits a person with any type of mental illness to own a gun?
Do you agree with the classification system used for personality disorders?
Will a narcissist tell you he's depressed or mentally ill?
Why does my anxiety increase at night?
What is the secret behind the similarities of psychopaths’ abuse techniques?
How can you subliminally explain BPD in a way that doesn't make you sound crazy?
How much accountability should someone with mental illness be held to?
How do I overcome my stress?
How common is it for someone to be misdiagnosed with a personality disorder?
Is it easier for a psychopath to become a killer?
I’m struggling with how to approach conflict and being indecisive. How can I overcome this psychological disorder?
How hard is living with ADHD, bipolar disorder and major depression?
How can you ensure that physiological awesomeness will run in your future family?
Have most people thought about committing suicide at some point in their life?
Do mental illness like schizophrenia qualify for disability in India?
Why do people in high school make jokes about depression?
How can I prepare myself mentally before joining any military academy?
If your psychologist tells you everyone has anxiety, while you also experience panic attacks, would you want to punch them in the face?
Are there any common delusions among schizophrenics?
What's minor depression like?
How can I stop being manic?
What is the fastest method to test whether a person has depression?
What is the best way to confirm that you have clinical depression and not some season of the blues?
Do my past choices (made due to social anxiety) matter in the future and can I still change for the better?
How can I help someone who is suffering from depression and is not willing to see a doctor?
Does my IQ affect my mental state?
What happened to me? I have no cause for depression and yet I’ve felt extremely depressed for a few years now.
Is it wrong to sever contact with people in your life that you felt were not conducive to your well-being? What if there are now only a few left?
How do you get rid of thoughts to self harm?
One of my teachers made me feel so badly about myself. I feel depressed now. What should I do to remove this depression so that I can function mentally?
What's the link between the lack of money and depression? Can you be a happy poor person?
Can a change of environment and interactions with certain people help ease the symptoms of BPD?
Are materialists less likely to be depressed?
What is the biological reason for stress reduction in psychopaths?
Tomorrow, I have career day. I chose human services, so I'm probably going to be around mainly girls. What can I do to not feel so anxious?
What do psychopaths think of I, Psychopath?
How can I stop the obsessive thought that anxiety may ruin my happiness, excitement or emotions?
I feel like my body is calm but my mind is panicking and stressed. It makes me feel crazy. Is that normal for anxiety?
If you have 10$ in your pocket, suffering with depression how would you make more money?
How hard is it to suffer from BPD?
Is psychological buying a retail therapy?
Why is using mental health terminology disrespectful in some contexts?
What causes hybristophilia?
How can I help myself not to be consumed by depression?
Approximately how long does it take a therapist to diagnose a personality disorder accurately?
Is depression the most self-serving illness ever?
What are ways to deal with depression brought on by failure?
How can I overcome my anxiety about suicide?
How do we get our bodies physically and mentally ready for a trip to Tibet?
What is the effectiveness of exposure therapy for treating anxiety?
Does a lack of sex cause depression, and do I need professional help?
What percentage of politicians suffer HPD (histrionic personality disorder) so as to be the centre of attention?
"A difficulty in mentalisation is present." What does this mean?
What are helpful ways to deal with panic attacks?
My parents refuse to believe that I have depression, but I feel anxious and sad all the time. How do I get them to let me go to a therapist?
Why do people who don't have borderline personality disorder answer the questions about what it's like to have BPD?
What is the rough percentage of people who are institutionalized that have been diagnosed with sociopathy?
What is the influence of genes in depression?
What is the difference between self consciousness and schizophrenia?
I didn't start for my soccer team today and I feel very depressed. What should I do?
What is depression? What are its causes, prevention, and management?
Why don't depressed people just think positively, volunteer, and exercise?
I tend to day dream a lot and blankly stare at nothing. Is this a mental/psychological disease? How do I change it?
Would the symptoms of C-PTSD be able to class it as a personality disorder? It’s not officially recognised, but does it fit the classification?
Why do many depressives often end up developing a martyr complex?
Is it normal that I always feel like I (or other humans) am a being no other than an animal?
Have you honestly seen instances where a person with social anxiety was able to overcome it and become confident around people?
How can someone deliver the most powerful psychological propaganda/mental conversion in the shortest time?
Does over thinking leads to depression?
Has Abhishek Tr suffered from depression? If yes, how did he overcome it?
What does it feel like to be depressed?
How does someone who suffers from borderline personality disorder get through the day?
Should I quit a competitive sport I love if it makes me very anxious?
What kind of song is Depression by Otxhello?
Do psychopaths have a lot of friends?
Is having texture issues with certain foods a type of mental weakness?
If you fail to commit suicide, do you feel like a failure?
Can I develop bipolar disorder?
How can I develop mental sharpness and stamina?
After the big event that made you a sociopath, did the condition instantly manifest, or was it some time later?
What are some tips to deal with anxiety symptoms?
What should I do if I am so psychopathic?
What can you do when you are trapped and can't escape your phobia while having severe anxiety?
How can I come out of depression after getting a low band even after working hard at TCS?
How can I tell if I have bipolar disorder type 2 or just severe depression? (It pretty much affects my everyday life.)
What is inward BPD?
What types of mental disorders besides narcissism affects affective empathy?
Do jokes about mental health, contribute to the stigma surrounding it?
What are the effects of mental stress on throat?
How can we figure out that we are depressed?
What can you tell us about learned helplessness?
What can I do to combat my depression?
How do you deal with relatives that have mental problems?
Are there psychopaths out there who want to be 'normal' in order to get accepted by society? Or because they love somebody?
Where I can get less expensive mental treatment in Delhi?
Has anyone ever thought of committing suicide?
Who has a son with 47xyy chromosomal disorder?
Can a parent accompany his son to a US visa interview if the son suffers from a mental illness?
How much progress can be made after a year of therapy for borderline personality disorder?
Living with social anxiety is really hard; I don't want to live anymore. How can I leave without any pain?
Why dosen't Lord Krishna help me overcome of OCD?
If someone has been feeling really depressed for about 6 months but then they feel "normal" for a week, will it come back? Is it really depression?
How do you overcome your mental barriers and focus on something new?
What should you do when your girlfriend suffers from depression?
How can we overcome obsessive thoughts and get back to the normal flow of life?
Can a person with some mental disorder become an IAS?
What should​ I do if I suffer the effects​ of corruption?
Is there such thing as pills that permanently take your depression away?
How am I supposed to tell my Asian parents I'm depressed?
Why does it seem that my mental capacity fluctuates throughout the week?
In what ways or patterns do mental illnesses "run in families," for example, if a parent has bipolar or ADHD, are the children likely to also manifest it or some other disorder? Can it be predicted?
Shall I start programming to stop my depression?
How can I enjoy physical pain?
How can I survive depression caused by failure?
How should I reduce depression and anxiety?
Can anxiety, panic or long-term stress make you permanently lose loved memories from the past?
What type of mental health professional deals with helping a client control his or her emotions?
Why is the truth so funny sometimes?
How do you deal with a psychopath that has damaged you and your family?
In what part of the world is mental health care most effective?
What do therapists do with what they have been told?
Are the funniest guys in the classroom psychopaths?
Who are mentally strong people?
What is going on in the scene where the United Airlines passenger who got dragged off is saying, “Just kill me”?
What is the most challenging problem for those who work in the mental health sector? What would it be worth to you to solve this?
Can a person with a bipolar disorder become a firefighter?
Why do people say that committing suicide is stupid when sometimes it is the only way for depressed people to escape depression on this world?
Should I play CSGO to stop my depression?
How do you tell the difference between ups and downs in a day versus bipolar?
What are some important things to know about having a mental illness and dating someone with or without mental illnesses?
What sort of permanent physical/mental disability prevents excelling at a firearm sport?
What mental disorder does Stevie Steve (Cleveland Facebook killer) have?
I’m 13 and I’m getting bullied in school. I feel a little depressed. I was thinking about suicide. What should I do?
How often do people with ASD commit or try to commit suicide after being rejected socially and professionally?
How do I deal with an adolescent who has a suicidal depression?
How can someone with small scale PTSD, anxiety disorder, social awkwardness, and depression make friends?
How long should I stay on anxiety medication before I try another one?
I'm about to turn 27 and I still live with my mother. I want to be independent but I'm depressed and have little to no motivation. What should I do?
How can I stop thinking about the future, as it has made me depressed?
How do you live with your OCD?
When people learn the name of a mental health issue they unknowingly suffered from, does that end up making the person stronger?
Does depression causes existential thinking, or the opposite?
What's the worst type of personality disorder that any one of you have ever come across or personally experienced firsthand?
What shall I do to fix my depression as a teenager?
Can an ENTP be diagnosed with BPD, OCD, and depression?
What is the best medication for bipolar 1? What is the best thing to help with insomnia?
What is the difference between psychosis and dissociation?
Do people with BPD wish that other people could just understand what it is that they’re going through?
Should mental labourers (developers, for example) consume extra fast carbs to decrease fatigue? By “extra,” I mean compared to the recommended daily intake.
Am I weird for wanting people to think I'm a psychopath?
Can depression decrease productivity and increase procrastination? How can depression be overcome?
How do I tell my therapist that I cut myself?
How do I cope with my borderline personality disorder?
How much can you sue for causing mental trauma?
Why do people feel depressed when something good finally happens, instead of feeling joy?
Is there a link between pyromania and the mania episodes seen in bipolar disorder?
Why does depression cause crying spells?
Do psychopaths see any value in emotions?
Is oxygen therapy effective in improving mental alertness?
My mom's attitude gives me a lot of depression, how should I deal with it?
What are some possible solutions for recovering from depression?
Does keeping secrets help or hurt your mental health and could it lead to issues like Alzheimer's or dementia in old age?
What countries don't allow individuals with mental illness from acquiring citizenship by naturalization?
Do psychopaths really feel non-prosocial emotions?
Do OCD patients tend to fall obsessively in love?
How did you cure existential depression (not the therapy)?
Is there a person who has never been ill?
How does fitness correlate with mental health?
How can someone distinguish mental illness from demonic/supernatural influences (allowing for the possibility of the latter)?
Why do I feel the urge of wasting my time on unnecessary things when I have a lot of things pending?
Which type of therapist should I see?
What is the main difference between a psychiatrist and a psychologist? Can a psychiatrist learn human behavioural science in his textbooks?
How can a mental patient free himself/herself from a straitjacket?
Why is it that belief in an invisible being is not a form of schizophrenia?
Will a relationship work between someone with ASPD and someone else with BPD?
Does depression cause oversleep?
How can a person escape from a mental hospital?
Why is norepinephrine used in some medications for anxiety?
How can one commit suicide without getting any of his/her family member in legal trouble?
How can someone discern if he or she is having some kind of spiritual or psychic awakening or experiencing psychosis related to a mental disorder?
Psychopaths: How extensive is your mask?
Is there any connection between sensitivity for light and bipolar disorder?
Why do many suicidal people cut their arms?
How do I deal with anxiety after losing a relative?
I think I suffer from anxiety, how can I deal with anxious moments?
Are there any coping methods for stress that narcissists favour?
How do I release emotions from the body?
Why are people not depressed or bothered with myopia?
How do I deal with this constant anxiety when I don't even know what I'm anxious about?
Is it possible that I have bipolar disorder? My mood can change dramatically more than 4 times a day.
Why does physical affection make me feel sick?
What would help my family to accept that I have dissociative identity disorder?
My mom believes that my mental illnesses aren't enough to get an IEP. What do I do?
What made you decide to go to a doctor and get diagnosed with ASPD, psychopathic personality disorder?
Can a person with a mental illness have a successful romantic relationship?
How do I create a purpose for myself?
What is the psychopath 'mask'?
What questions do therapists ask to diagnose depression?
Are women really strong mentally?
What's the law in regard to diagnosing someone with a mental illness online?
Can pretending to be happy make depression really go away?
How do I calm myself down without going to a therapist? Am I just insane?
How can I get a job in Kolkata? I am broke and on the verge of committing suicide.
How can a person​ remember​ a traumatic experience in the past?
Can real love exist between someone with NPD and another with a BPD?
With what age should I take personality disorders traits seriously? (ASPD, Psychopathy, Schizoid, Narcissism, etc)
Does bipolar disorder have legal implications?
I want to admit myself to a psychiatric hospital out of curiosity. What do you all think?
How does someone with a severe phobia of doctors find a General Practitioner?
Are nervous breakdown and depression the same thing?
How can I avoid crying spells if I have depression?
Do certain activities that aren't eating, resemble eating, in that you mentally break something into parts and mentally absorb it?
Is Steve Stephens a psychopath?
Is there any link between genius and disorder?
What should I do if my parents won't let me see a psychiatrist?
What are some examples of traumatic experiences?
How do I deal with mentally abusive neighbours in a community based society?
What personality disorder induces people to temporarily completely stop loving their partner during an argument?
How do I deal with my thoughts?
Why are people with depression angry?
Is it true that some Indonesians think that mental illness is contagious?
What motivates someone with depression?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager?
Why do many CA students feel depressed?
Do people with ADHD easily get depressed?
How can someone with schizoid personality disorder have social anxiety and avoidant personality disorder at the same time?
Why was Lisa Rowe (Girl, Interrupted) hospitalised for sociopathy when one in every 25 people is a sociopath?
What are some disorders caused by nondisjunction?
Has someone you have known recovered from depression?
What can you do when you meet a foreigner with depression?
Can a person diagnosed with major depression, acute, severe anxiety with panic attacks, schizoaffective disorder and takes psychotropic medication for symptoms be considered "disabled" by the U.S. government?
What is the least painful&cheap way to commit suicide?
If anxiety is 100% curable, why are some people suffering from it for a whole 25 years?
What is the best, quickest, and cheapest way to commit suicide with the least pain?
Do psychopaths have advantages in life?
How do I deal with a spontaneously violent, almost bipolar, mum? I’m sick of it.
I've heard of high and low functioning socio/psychopaths, but what would a mid level pathology look, act and behave like?
Can you have more than one type of depression?
I want to commit suicide. What am I supposed to do?
What should someone never say to a suicidal person?
Would running away from situations be considered a panic attack?
Are SSRI's safe in the long run for treatment for OCD?
What are the ways by which I can get calm?
Why can't we allow people to commit suicide if they choose to?
How can I best respond to an adult daughter who has anxiety disorder and believes I have never understood her?
Can you recommend a comprehensive book exploring, or at least touching on, psychiatric syndromes (Stockholm and the like) and disorders?
Do people affected by borderline personality disorder (BPD) have issues remembering the sequences of events in the proper order, or is that more of a tool they use to escape blame?
Are the rules of 12 step groups doubtable?
How can I tell if I am depressed and should seek help?
How do I overcome thoughts of committing suicide?
What do people with BPD (borderline personality disorder) think of the book Walking on Eggshells?
Why do psychopaths cry?
What are common known things in psychology?
Can schizophrenia be treated successfully? Does it go away?
Why do manic depressive not feel emotions sometimes?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
Is psychopathy and pedophilia correlated?
Can an individual suffering from schizoaffective disorder actually recover completely?
What exactly is the difference between psychopath and insanity?
Would someone with schizophrenia sense a psychopath if they crossed paths?
What are some mental benefits of belonging to a religion? And what are some mental benefits of being an atheist?
Can you go insane from isolation and loneliness?
Why are autistic people seen as having a mental disorder when violent people who get into fights are seen as simply having emotional problems?
Do psychopaths get any enjoyment out of life (when considering ones with highly muted emotions)?
Does a patient with mania have higher chances to become a psychopath?
What are my risks of having a child with a mental or physical illness if I'm bipolar?
What is the difference between schizophrenic and psychopathic?
How do you take mentally ill relatives to the psychiatrist?
Can a single trauma cause somebody to become a sociopath?
How BPD is a "disorder"? What if it is just a lifestyle?
Can a sociopath have a stable relationship with a nuerotypical person?
Have any of you ever lost your artistic abilities when you got out of depression?
How effective is psychotherapy? And how is it effective?
How do psychopaths and sociopaths feel towards their children?
How do we break the cycle of chronic anxiety?
How flexible are you (mentally)?
How do you tell your parents you want to go seek mental help at age 13?
What is the cause of cumpulsive lying disorder?
What mental disease do you think Batman has?
What are the downsides of social support when coping up with stress?
What are the common ways to be healed of OCD?
Are people with BPD generally creative people?
What would happen if direct discussions and feedback were allowed in 12 step meetings? Wouldn’t that be a whole lot more useful?
Has anyone been prescribed quetiapine for the treatment of schizophrenia, bi polar and chronic/severe depression? What was your experience?
How can one come out of depression when the reason for being depressed has not solved?
Is being nervous sometimes healthy? Also, what happens inside your body when you're nervous?
Can obsessive compulsion disorder be treated only by medications?
Why there are no government-funded education programs for people who are over 40 with mental disabilities in Canada? It seems like age discrimination.
What do psychopaths sociopaths think of people with DID?
Could a person with a disorder become a psychotherapist? And more than that, can his first patient be himself?
Can the parent’s ways of thinking or mentality also be transmitted from the parents to their progeny?
How do I know if I'm a psychopath?
Should I get help if I only feel depressed at night?
Do people with bipolar disorder lack empathy when they're experiecing grandiose delusions?
What percent of people suffering from schizophrenia realize they suffer from schizophrenia on their own?
What is your life like if you are dually diagnosed with bipolar and panic disorders?
Is it weird that I want to be depressed?
Do psychopaths/sociopaths like animals more than people?
What should I do when I start to hear voices again?
Why do I feel depressed after a night out?
What makes you suffer from mania?
What can help if you are extremely upset for no reason? What causes this depression?
Did psychopaths experience anxiety when they were kids / teens?
Does Inspector Javert have a mental illness?
What do I do if I think I'm a sociopath?
What are psychopathic tendencies?
How do I prepare a questionnaire for teenagers about their mentality when they are sick?
What are your experiences during auditory hallucinations?
How do you tell your parents you want to seek mental help at age 13?
How do you know if you are psychotic or if you are extremely psychic?
Do psychopaths enjoy being psychopaths?
How can I be able to sleep with depression as a teen?
What are the negative effects of intrusive thoughts?
How do I cope with overwhelming anxiety while waiting for a possible cancer recurrence of my spouse?
What cognitive biases are mentally ill people more vulnerable to?
What are some words that we should avoid using when communicating with depressed people?
What is in your opinion the best way to get over Social anxiety disorder?
How do you get yourself to go through with suicide?
How do mental health therapists keep up with and handle so many cases per day?
I want to commit suicide, who can I speak to?
Does anyone feel "Fatal Attraction" accurately depicts someone with BPD?
How can you help your friend overcome depression?
My teenage daughter suffers from social anxiety and she has no friends, how can I help?
How can I control my high anxiety levels?
What's it like to live without anxiety?
How long does it take to "cure" PTSD, to not be triggered anymore?
Could I have sociopathic tendencies?
Do people who have gone through near death situations have lesser tendencies of depression/ suicidal thoughts?
How do I cope with IB exam stress & anxiety about failing?
What is the most effective medicine to treat psychosis?
Is there any reservation for the mentally ill on the NEET exam?
Am I a sociopath if I don't care about my biological father?
How do I get out of my psychological problems?
What are some ways one could gradually commit suicide?
Is depression the new disease?
Can someone with bipolar disorder become unexpectedly frightened?
Do psychopaths feel bad when hurting children as opposed to adults?
What are the best pills to fight depression?
What type of therapy is best for PTSD?
How do I get over my evil father, who had me committed to a mental facility and injected with zuclopenthixol?
How do you turn off internal dialogue?
How do I come out of a depression caused by a breakup? I am seriously looking for a solution, because it haunts me every now and then.
Is it good that I force myself to talk when I have no desire to speak at all?
Have you recovered your hair back to full strength after loss due to anxiety or tension?
Why is personal hygiene one of the first things to be neglected on the outset of a depressive episode?
Do you know how anxiety treatment is beneficial?
How do I feel less anxious living in a bad neighborhood?
I have been suffering from stress and anxiety. I feel low on energy everyday. I am unable to concentrate on my studies. How can I be calm and happy?
With bipolar, is there a difference between being 'stable' versus being 'well'?
What are the causes of addiction to work linked to psychiatric disorders?
What is the solution to dermatophagia (an OCD disease)?
What is the most effective treatment for major depression that involves a deficiency of the serotonin transporter believed to be "5-HTT" (genetically based)?
What is the extent of a psychopath’s need for stimulation as compared to what you would notice in neurotypical people?
Shall I play CSGO, DotA 2, or League of Legends, if I want an online multiplayer game to deal with depression?
Why is recovery so scary in eating disorders?
Is constantly washing your face normal?
How often are people with dissociative identity disorder misdiagnosed? What are they diagnosed with?
What's the best way to identify a psychopath at first glance, or is it impossible?
Why and when do we use family focused therapy or interpersonal and social rhythm therapy for bipolar disorder over CBT?
My daughter is currently hospitalized for her third suicide attempt by OTC drug overdose. How do I help her?
Parliament passed disability bill which includes mental illness, so can all students suffering from schizophrenia read MBBS by Reservation?
Does acetylcholine cause anxiety?
My mom sometimes can be very emotionless, cold and extremely unsupportive when I feel mentally down. It is very annoying and sad. Is that normal?
How do I prove that I am suffering from sexsomnia?
Why do people get depressed so early in life?
Is the general view on psychopaths really that negative?
How can I clear my anxiety about choosing a career?
What have you learned from your battle with PTSD?
Are intellectuals motivated primarily by anxiety?
How do men deal with the lack of reliable male birth control?
Can sertraline help with panic atrack?
How can the U.S. society fail to fight suicide?
I'm making other people's lives hell to improve my own because I have depression, what should I do instead?
How can paranoid people make friends?
Can you get PTSD from the fear of getting fired/not being good enough?
What are some good tests for testing for borderline personality disorder?
How can psychiatrists be better educated about trauma and dissociation?
How can I overcome post-holiday depression?
Should I go back to my therapist for my PTSD?
Don't you think working on a painting is mentally and physically exhausting? Or am I doing it wrong?
Can we blame people who commit suicide?
How can I learn to be a prosocial psychopath?
How are the periods of female psychopaths, during their teenage years?
My boyfriend sometimes would rather be alone instead of making me feel better if I'm super depressed/having panic attacks. Should I be upset?
What causes pervasive developmental disorders?
How do I get over depression after a break up, without support from friends?
How does depression change people?
Why does the WBC proliferate in the body of a person suffering from leukemia?
How do I get to be a sports psychologist?
Is it bad that I can relate to a lot of fictional psychopaths?
How do you make people realise they have psychological issues?
What is the thing that mentally strong people do?
What am I supposed to do next when therapy and meds don’t work?
Are there any psychologists in Chennai?
What is the most unpainful way to commit suicide?
What would be a good dose of oxazepam for performance anxiety?
How do I motivate my girlfriend suffering from bipolar depression, and PTSD from childhood sexual abuse, to do something with her life?
Does a mental/personality disorder predispose one to drug abuse, or is it vice versa?
How can I beat my depression when my life could be over?
Are people with depression able to maintain fulltime employment?
How can I talk to someone about my depression without feeling like I'm just seeking attention?
For the purpose of their masks, do psychopaths cry when mourning?
What are the differences between bipolar and unipolar cautery used in OT?
Is there a proper way to see if a person has OCD?
Which is the best place for the treatment of Attention Deficit Disorder?
How do you overcome a psychosomatic illness?
If I was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and obsessive love disorder, what should I do if I'm in a relationship?
Why do I lack interest in socialising?
Is it possible that I can have complete control over my life without getting depressed?
What's the thing I must not do around a bipolar person?
How likely is it that I've met a psychopath?
Is depression a type of disability?
Did you ever face depression in your life? If so, how did you cope with it?
Why would a normal student feel depressed at an NIT?
How long a time does it take to come out of depression?
Is there a difference between a psychopath and a maniac?
Is BDD (Body Dysmorphic Disorder) only about a singular flaw?
What are some symptoms of pervasive developmental disorders?
How do I ask my father to see a therapist if I feel that he is depressed?
What is the procedure to admit a patient at a mental hospital?
Can a person develop bipolar disorder as a result of narcissistic abuse?
Can you come out of depression without talking to anybody about it?
What is the right reaction to a relative with Münchhausen syndrome who refuses to see a psychologist?
What are the best anxiety and depression therapists/therapy practices in Chicago?
What mental problems can LSD cause?
How do I tackle the depression phase of my ADHD?
When did humans "discover" depression, and prior to that, how did people try to cope with it?
What are the available treatments for Obsessive Compulsive disorder?
What is a sociopath?
Should I quit taking risperidone if it doesn't help much anymore?
What are some examples of intrusive thoughts?
Can someone be both a sociopath and have Asperger syndrome?
If anxiety is 100% curable, why are some people suffering from it for a whole 25 years?
Why don't people support assisted suicide for people with severe mental illnesses who wish to end their suffering?
Do psychopaths have advantages in life?
Do counselors/psychologists really care about their patients/clients?
Do hikikomori feel guilty for using up their parents' resources but offering nothing in return?
Can you have more than one type of depression?
What is it like being a sociopath and married?
How can I cure my eating disorder on my own?
Are synesthetic experiences considered a disorder if you are multilingual and think you "just like music" too? Can it be that you have a good memory?
My girlfriend suffers from SAD. What can I do to help her?
How do I cope with post-exam depression?
What are some inetersting hypotheses about the causes of psychosis?
Are child prodigies more likely to suffer from mental illness?
How can I best respond to an adult daughter who has anxiety disorder and believes I have never understood her?
Why does your mind always think of dying when you’re depressed?
How do I study with zeal for the NEET after 3 years of depression?
Is depression related to increased sensitivity to physical pain?
Are the rules of 12 step groups doubtable?
Do any emergency services have their own suicide prevention hotline?
Is there a scientific reason why people commit suicide?
Will brain-computer interface technologies help people with mental health issues, such as anxiety, depression, and/or ADHD?
Does AASRA really help people who are thinking of committing suicide?
Can a heavy blame cause a person to be depressed?
Can schizophrenia be treated successfully? Does it go away?
Why do I feel anxious when a person doesn't reply fast enough?
Is psychopathy and pedophilia correlated?
What should you do if you think you have anxiety?
Is there a higher percentage of artists among mental health professionals (counselors, psychologists, etc.)? And if so, why?
Do I have any psychological problem? Symptoms- aggressive behaviour, paranoid feelings, depressing everywhere around, confused in everything.
How could Parliament legislate a “mental health care” bill when “public health” is a state subject?
I feel like I have bipolar disorder, but I have no idea what to do, I'm too scared to reach out. How would I tell if I am bipolar?
How can I stop my online friend from committing suicide?
Did you think that you were depressed until you realized that you had a certain vitamin deficiency and the treatment made the depression vanish?
Do psychopaths get any enjoyment out of life (when considering ones with highly muted emotions)?
Does a patient with mania have higher chances to become a psychopath?
Can heavy workload cause depression?
What are my risks of having a child with a mental or physical illness if I'm bipolar?
Can a sociopath have a stable relationship with a nuerotypical person?
I’m in secondary school, and my results are getting worse. I feel stressed and depressed and do not want to stay here for a year. What should I do?
Do I have to be medically diagnosed by a doctor to say I have anxiety?
Did people suffer mentaly during Cuban Crises?
What’s the lowest you ever reach in life when dealing with depression?
What mental disease do you think Batman has?
How do I make my parents know I need mental help?
What can you do when you're depressed and alone?
How can I forgive myself for hurting myself ?
How can I choose a good therapist or psychiatrist? How can I know they are good at what they do or good for me?
Where do the mentally ill people go?
How can you stay grounded when recovering from dissociation amidst serious trauma?
Why do people not see the inherent relationship between autism, sociopathy, and psychopathy?
Can obsessive compulsion disorder be treated only by medications?
What is Vikas Prabhav’s view on the role of occupational therapy in mental health?
Could a person with a disorder become a psychotherapist? And more than that, can his first patient be himself?
How can you tell if someone is insane or if they are just cruel?
I need help for a novel I'm drafting. Can a psychopath mentally snap and become psychotic?
How did you treat your teenage depression?
Do psychopaths/sociopaths like animals more than people?
My family is very abusive. I'm extremely depressed (suicidal) and unable to think of anything else. What would you do if you were me?
How do I overcome depression and anxiety in college that has been bothering me for the past 3 years and so on?
What makes you suffer from mania?
Did psychopaths experience anxiety when they were kids / teens?
What should be done in order to have a clear understanding about my career as I am extremely confused and feel depressed all the time?
What would be the behaviour of a psychopath who is in a group of people and for every person he's got a different mask? How would he balance the situation?
How do you know if you have cyclothymic disorder?
What can be done to reduce the stigma of suicide?
What current rappers can break you out of a depression instantly?
What are psychopathic tendencies?
How can I get energy and motivation when depressed?
How do I prepare a questionnaire for teenagers about their mentality when they are sick?
Do I have some kind of PTSD? How can I try to get better without going to a shrink?
How can I be free from depression, loneliness and PTSD after almost 8 years?
What is the difference between Hyperconsciousness and Paranoia?
How do you know if you are psychotic or if you are extremely psychic?
How might people with mental health issues benefit from brain-computer interface technologies?
Does a diagnosis of a personality disorder go on your medical record?
Will a psychiatric practice in India be rewarding?
Should I go see a psychologist about my anxiety?
What happened when you first sought out therapy for depression?
For diagnosed psychopaths, how was your diagnosis given, how many times, and did you know anything about psychopathy before you were diagnosed, and could it just be a self-fulfilling prophecy?
Why are they making fun of depression?
Do psychopaths enjoy talking about themselves, or do they prefer not to do it?
How long should existential depression last? How do I surpass it?
Is there a connection between depression and the temperature of your body?
Why do depressed people sometimes feel a bit self centered?
Should I take lessons from a possible source of a trigger as a person with C-PTSD?
Do all people have some sort of personality disorder?
What is the definiton of insanity?
Does anyone ever feel like they can't have a nervous breakdown because they're permanently in one anyway?
Why do I have an inflated sense of self-worth?
How can I believe that a disorder will increase with time?
Can a heavy blame make a person suffer from mania?
What was your first panic attack?
Can someone be a psychopath, sociopath, and narcissist all in one? How about a combination of two of those?
Is it possible to develop a mental disorder from watching anime?
How serious is BPD?
How do I deal with severe depression and suicidal thoughts after becoming an atheist?
How can you prove you have depression?
What does it feel like mentally and emotionally to experience a traumatic event?
Should I seek help or am I just overreacting?
Do psychologists have some psychological problem? Can this affect the accuracy of their therapy?
People tend to be depressed from lack of attention or from stress. Is it possible to be depressed from causing misery to your friends?
Is clinical depression contagious?
Can I get some book recommendations related to physical/mental illnesses?
How did you get into psychiatry and at what age?
Is it possible to be a happy person on the inside and yet suffer from depression?
When you are depressed, why is it so very difficult, overwhelmingly difficult, to do even very simple, easy, and short tasks?
How did you overcome severe clinical depression?
How can I deal with the fact that many people are going to be suffering on the long term from a nearby war ?
How do I defend myself from mental stress?
Do you know what depression is?
What is the best way for psychopaths to explain to someone how they think vs how someone more "normal" thinks?
What should I do to be mentally strong, as I feel mentally weak many times?
Can drug addicts and mentally ill patients be treated in one rehab hospital?
If I start to go on my treadmill five times a day as well as not eat and drink at all, will I be skeleton-like in three months?
What are some of the more unnoticed traits of someone with BPD?
Is a lizard falling on one’s head inauspicious? Does it bring health issues to you?
Can a BPD person ever completely reverse their impulsiveness when emotions are elevated?
How come there are so many experts on narcissism as a psychological disorder on Quora?
What is the connection to childhood trauma and combat caused PTSD?
Do perfectionists have a higher likelihood of getting depression?
Athena, why do some psychopaths have sadistic tendencies if they’re not capable of feeling hatred or pleasure?
Are there any new medications for anxiety and depression?
What is doctor's mentality?
How does dissociative identity disorder affect life?
What is wrong with having the colorblind mentality when it comes to one's ethnicity?
What happens when someone uses marijuana when he is in a depression?
How can I help my girlfriend with anxiety?
Does mental stamina build over time?
Could the reason that I unknowingly get close to and in relationships with females that have mental illnesses be that I have a mental illness myself?
What are some of the lesser known traits of someone with BPD?
How do you manage social anxiety and paranoia?
How do I treat depression due to child abuse?
Is it normal to feel anxious in the beginning of a relationship? We are both anxious people, and it's only been 2 weeks.
Have you lost friends due to depression? Why do they push away those closest to them? Do they ever return?
What causes mental health stigma?
Is it normal to feel anxious around your boyfriend in the first weeks of a relationship? We are both anxious people, and it's only been 2 weeks, but I don't know.
If people's bodies stopped physically aging at 25, would their personalities still alter significantly as they aged?
Should we draw a line between sanity and insanity?
Is there any advice with bipolar lows and the fear of another one coming?
What would be the mental and physical effects on a child if they were raped from age 6 to 14?
We're fortunate to have families who want us to visit during the holidays. How does an anxious, reclusive person get through these things, for the sake of her kids?
How would a sociopath react, if you kept his child away from him?
Where can I meet mentally strong and ambitious people?
How can I receive professional counseling if I move often?
How do I explain anxiety to someone who doesn't suffer from it?
What should I do when I am mentally down?
Can a normal brain become messed up with drugs so much that it can become schizophrenic?
I am mentally broken. What should I do?
Are there any apps or ways that allow you to text about feeling depressed and suicidal, instead of having to talk about it?
I’m currently having a hard time in coping with stress and anxiety. I had a panic attack recently. What’re some ways to deal with this?
After watching ISIS videos I feel so depressed, what can I do?
Why do we lose our temper sometimes? What is our mental condition at that time?
Do any other species get PTSD, and if so, is it as bad as the PTSD cases in humans?
What's worse, cancer or depression?
How do people with mental illnesses (schizophrenia, bipolar, BPD, etc.) live to their full potential in their careers, relationships, hobbies, and life experiences?
Does masturbation cause anxiety?
How did you survive depression?
How do psychopaths create followers?
Do you think a person can lose sanity through excessive existential thought when combined with anxiety?
How depression can be cured by alternative system of medicine?
How does one with a borderline personality disorder compose their identity?
Can thinking a lot and doing a lot of mental work actually cause physical fatigue?
How do you forget about the bad things that happened earlier in the day if you have bipolar disorder?
Can someone who previously had depression and have healed become depressed again?
What do psychopaths and sociopaths dream about?
What are the best jobs for people who are depressed and don't care about dying?
Can thinking in multiple languages interact with personality schisms or schizophrenia?
It is my first relationship and my relationship suffers because I have generalized anxiety syndrome, what can I do to become more relaxed?
What is the best way to present to someone that you think they may have BPD?
How is Alzheimer’s actually diagnosed?
Why do I feel happiest at the same time most depressed?
What should you do to alleviate the damage when your depression negatively affected your academic result?
Why do people stop me from killing myself when no one cares if I live or die?
What can I do to get rid of myself and my thoughts of suicide?
How effective is promethazine for treating anxiety?
What are some ways to cope with life and not lose your sanity?
I’m suffering from depersonalization, and I feel that ego takes over when depression bouts occur. Could that be?
Can someone diagnosed as bipolar or a spouse of someone who is bipolar tell me what mania and depression feel like?
Is having an injection fetish a mental disorder?
Has Dr. Jitendra Mistry ever suffered from depression? If so, how did he overcome it and become highly successful?
How can I tell my parents about my social anxiety when I'm afraid to talk to them?
What should be taken into account when setting up a mental health treatment plan?
How can one tell if he/she has depression or is just "going through a phase"?
Why is it so hard to get help for my son’s mental health?
I was forced to take up a career of my father's choice. Now I feel really depressed how should I help myself to come out of this situation?
Is Kim Jong-Il a narcissistic psychopath? Is he mentally ill?
A psychiatrist told me, "You can read a book all the way through so you do not have depression." Is this correct?
What should be expected of ERP for OCD and what is recovery for you?
How do I fight depression if I am too scared?
Steve Stephens blamed a woman for his horrible crime, what did she do to him and can you say that he had suffered from suicide bomber syndrome ?
Why do I get mental scars from my dreams?
Do people with schizophrenia have any positive/enjoyable hallucinations?
How do depressed people behave?
Do BPD attacks increase with age?
My loved one is getting depressed by the fear of her death, how can I help her?
Should I be concerned about my physical symptoms knowing that I have anxiety?
How do I know if I am a victim of social anxiety? If I am, is there any way to get rid of it?
How can I write an essay while being depressed?
How do you cope with depersonalization?
How can I help my daughter who has depression?
Do people have less sympathy for people with severe depression if they are overweight?
Could comorbid personality disorders be to blame for aspies who turn violent towards others?
I have bipolar disorder with successive episodes of depression and mania every 3.5 yrs. Can I join any of the armed forces?
If a person has haemoglobin 5 and he suffers from jaundice, what should be done?
Who can I talk to about getting a letter for a support animal if my current mental health professionals are not allowed to write one?
Why can't I let anyone get close to me?
I’ve been struggling with bipolar disorder for 17 years and fibromyalgia for 10 years. What are my chances of getting assisted suicide with dignity?
Can depression be diagnosed through some actual tests, not some psychoanalysis type of question-answer?
Is there a mental condition that sometimes gives you a ridiculously high confidence and fearlessness?
Did anyone else, once they reached 18, had their mind cleared from severe depression to mild?
Does celebrities use psychotic drugs?
Is ADHD an actual issue or just our way of avoiding blame for our own misuse of our mental capacity?
What are your thoughts on psychotherapy?
How do I deal with post-concert depression?
What is happening if you enter into a sociopath/psychopath’s mind?
Has anyone ever 'cured' their anxiety disorder?
Can I get life insurance if I've been treated for depression but in remission?
What type of psychological screening do psychologists undergo?
Is manic depression hereditary?
Is there any relationship between irrational thoughts and self-harm?
What are you paranoid about, or what are the paranoias that you have seen in your patients if you are a doctor?
Can someone become slow comprehending, distracted, or put on a dumb front after being emotionally damaged or abused? Is it a mental defense mechanism?
Why do people find self harm and suicide poetic?
Is it a sign of mental illness if a guy sleeps with a different girl every day on vacation?
Do the majority of top writers and contributors of Quora suffer from social anxiety?
Why do we get that "pit in the stomach" feeling when we're nervous or anxious?
What would be considered positive symptoms of schizophrenia?
Why do I wake up depressed and crying?
What’s the best way to deal with weather-related depression/a depressing climate?
What do I do after IOP?
How do I keep calm and focused when I’m anxious about the future?
Do therapists worry about a patient committing suicide?
My sister-in-law gets ill every now and then. I would like to help her but it depresses me. What should I do? l am a widower.
What are some characteristics of intrusive thoughts?
Do counselors have the power to diagnose their patients? Or is it only psychiatrists?
Does coffee make your anxiety/depression worse?
What would a psychologist ask to make a sociopath diagnosis?
Should complete PTSD be in a category all on its own in the DSM?
How can social support be helpful in coping with stress?
Why is it OK for people with mental illnesses to be excused?
I'm getting depressed these days. What should I do?
Can overthinking cause a negative effect on your physical/mental/emotional state of living?
What do people do before they commit suicide?
I have been pretending to be normal and not sick for 5 years now. What should I do?
Which doctor is better for mental abnormality?
Can not liking your job make you ill?
Are there some mobile applications that can help depressed people?
How did being bipolar make college and education harder for you? How did you cope?
In your experience, what has helped the most when dealing with depression alone?
Can fear of a given mental illness provoke said mental illness?
What should I do if school makes me depressed and want to kill myself?
Do head concussions make you more prone to panic attacks?
Psychoanalysis: What is the most interesting mental illness and why?
What meditation is recommended for schizoid personality disorder?
Why is there police brutality against people who have mental illnesses?
How can I overcome the anxious feeling of restarting my career in a new city?
How many cases of depression/suicide at MIT has Kevin Kwok prevented simply by being himself?
There's two voices in my head, is something wrong?
I am 16 and like being isolated and having imaginary friends. Is that a sign of mental illness?
How could I test myself to see if I'm bipolar?
How do I get urgent mental health help in the UK?
Is Filthyfrank mentally ill?
For the diagnosed psychopaths out there, when you hear about heinous criminal acts, do you think, "Yeah, I get it," or do you also think "WTF"?
I am very depressed (self-diagnosed) and I can't find help. How can I cope / find a reason to live?
Why isn't an overactive imagination classed as a disorder?
How easily do people fall into depression?
My girlfriend always faces issues and gets depressed in April. How can I possibly change this?
Is there a really good therapy for emptiness?
Is there a proven link between schizophrenia and the month of birth?
Is depression usually cured?
Why is an individual's mental age assigned by comparing it to the mental age of 16?
What was the best experience you had as a mental patient?
Why are the terms psychopath and sociopath not scientific, even though there are some differences?
I have depression and have a difficult time getting motivated. How can I fix that?
How do you prepare for a boxing match mentally and physically?
What do you think about identity disorders?
What was the worst way you found out that somebody you know has depression?
What am I supposed to do when I have depression and my mom do not believe me?
What are the main reasons for depression?
What is the reason that performance anxiety happen?
My friend is suicidal, how do I help her?
How do I reverse the effect of porn?
What is a commonly misdiagnosed illness?
What triggers bipolar disorder?
If someone were like a sociopath or psychopath but with the emotional depth of an empath, what would they be?
Is it okay for people suffering from anxiety to watch Thirteen Reasons Why?
Why do some people love to talk about their mental disorders?
Is Indonesia in the urge of mental illness education?
What are some accurate fictions describing psychopaths?
What can I do when I feel upset and maybe depressed?
Which medications are prescribed to delusional paranoid patients and or people with psychotic disorders?
What are the best ways to have fun on trip and end up with stress and depression?
What should I do to be able to sleep if my depression doesn’t allow me to sleep?
Is there a need for psychosocial intervention as a part of treatment for mental illnesses?
What are some characteristics of the different levels of mental retardation?
Why do some people have weird mentality?
How practical is it for a person with dysthymic disorder to hold a job?
Tomorrow, I have career day. I chose human services, so I'm probably going to be around mainly girls. What can I do to not feel so anxious?
What's the link between the lack of money and depression? Can you be a happy poor person?
How can I stop the obsessive thought that anxiety may ruin my happiness, excitement or emotions?
What type of medical issue do people think Trump is suffering from?
Do you think I suffer from social anxiety?
How much accountability should someone with mental illness be held to?
What traits both physical and mental are needed to be a good sniper?
Has anyone fallen in love with a bipolar patient on Quora?
What treatments are recommended to deal with crying spells if I have depression?
How did you pull yourself out of your darkest hour, and why are you now a stronger person because of this experience?
How can you subliminally explain BPD in a way that doesn't make you sound crazy?
What is some advice for someone dating someone who may be a bit odd, to say the least?
How do you argue that Trump is not mentally ill in light of the facts, including 41K mental health professionals opining so on J. Gartner PhD's petition?
Is psychological buying a retail therapy?
How does mental agility help in life?
How can I help someone who is suffering from depression and is not willing to see a doctor?
What are some misunderstood mental illnesses?
What is the fastest method to test whether a person has depression?
How do I write a case study on mood disorder?
Do these things rule out sociopathy- fear of death, insecurity, humility, depression, suicidal thoughts, and rage?
What is the ideal way to commit suicide?
If you have 10$ in your pocket, suffering with depression how would you make more money?
Are there any common delusions among schizophrenics?
How do we get our bodies physically and mentally ready for a trip to Tibet?
Is depression the most self-serving illness ever?
What measures can the government take to spread information and make people aware about depression?
What are ways to deal with depression brought on by failure?
Should someone with anxiety disorders ever get married?
What are early warning signs of eating disorders in children?
What does Cymbalta do for depression?
How can I stop being manic?
Why don't atheists accept that atheism is a mental illness?
Is it weird I envy psychopaths?
Why do people refer psychopaths as "bad guys"?
How can you ensure that physiological awesomeness will run in your future family?
I'm stucked in my life. I'm depressed. How could I tackle this situation?
What do psychopaths think of I, Psychopath?
How common is it for someone to be misdiagnosed with a personality disorder?
How do I overcome my stress?
Will a narcissist tell you he's depressed or mentally ill?
What is the difference between psychosis and psychopathy?
Have I let my family down by not having children? I feel as if I have. I suffer from depression.
Why do people in high school make jokes about depression?
How can I overcome my anxiety about suicide?
Why is it so hard to be thankful as a depressed person?
What is the cause for someone not being able to see their positive traits?
How can I go through with committing suicide?
Is it wrong to sever contact with people in your life that you felt were not conducive to your well-being? What if there are now only a few left?
How do I cure anxiety and depression from premature birth?
I was raped and I liked it. Does that make me mentally ill?
Does my IQ affect my mental state?
Why does everyone on Quora seem so depressed?
How can I act depressed?
One of my teachers made me feel so badly about myself. I feel depressed now. What should I do to remove this depression so that I can function mentally?
What mental & emotional health issues do people get from social media like Facebook and Twitter?
I’m struggling with how to approach conflict and being indecisive. How can I overcome this psychological disorder?
Do my past choices (made due to social anxiety) matter in the future and can I still change for the better?
Do others find that sharing their traumatic experiences on Quora is very therapeutic?
Why is using mental health terminology disrespectful in some contexts?
Approximately how long does it take a therapist to diagnose a personality disorder accurately?
Where can a homeless mentally ill person go to get help in AZ?
What's minor depression like?
If your psychologist tells you everyone has anxiety, while you also experience panic attacks, would you want to punch them in the face?
How can I prepare myself mentally before joining any military academy?
What is the best way to confirm that you have clinical depression and not some season of the blues?
How can I help myself not to be consumed by depression?
What do I say to the doctor if I think I have a mental illness?
What is the secret behind the similarities of psychopaths’ abuse techniques?
Do you agree that depressive people have to avoid the situations that make them depressed instead of overcoming the same situations?
How hard is living with ADHD, bipolar disorder and major depression?
How do you get a crazy person diagnosed?
Are materialists less likely to be depressed?
How do I pass an extreme amount of time without going insane?
People are assuming I'm a psychopath just because of having (all of the) the traits, how can I explain that I'm not a psychopath?
How do I stop getting depressed about my life and my career?
Can a change of environment and interactions with certain people help ease the symptoms of BPD?
What is the best way to confirm that you have clinical depression, and not a season of the blues?
Who wants to be my friend as I don't have any friends, and because of this I get depressed for a long time?
How do you get rid of thoughts to self harm?
Why is being emotionally detached so praised on Quora?
Does an identity disorder have any intensity levels, and how could I know if I have that or not?
How long should I stay on anxiety medication before I try another one?
Why is it that belief in an invisible being is not a form of schizophrenia?
What questions do therapists ask to diagnose depression?
Why are people with depression angry?
I'm about to turn 27 and I still live with my mother. I want to be independent but I'm depressed and have little to no motivation. What should I do?
Am I weird for wanting people to think I'm a psychopath?
How do I deal with an adolescent who has a suicidal depression?
Is there a law in Oklahoma which prohibits a person with any type of mental illness to own a gun?
I want to admit myself to a psychiatric hospital out of curiosity. What do you all think?
Which type of therapist should I see?
What would help my family to accept that I have dissociative identity disorder?
How do you live with your OCD?
Can real love exist between someone with NPD and another with a BPD?
How does fitness correlate with mental health?
How can a person​ remember​ a traumatic experience in the past?
Marijuana is used to treat anxiety, but is illegal in Austin, where I live. What can I do to treat my multiple anxiety disorders?
Psychopaths: How extensive is your mask?
Do certain activities that aren't eating, resemble eating, in that you mentally break something into parts and mentally absorb it?
What causes hybristophilia?
How can a person escape from a mental hospital?
What are some possible solutions for recovering from depression?
What is the best medication for bipolar 1? What is the best thing to help with insomnia?
Do you agree with the classification system used for personality disorders?
How often do people with ASD commit or try to commit suicide after being rejected socially and professionally?
Does depression causes existential thinking, or the opposite?
Do mental illness like schizophrenia qualify for disability in India?
How can I get a job in Kolkata? I am broke and on the verge of committing suicide.
Is it easier for a psychopath to become a killer?
Do people with ADHD easily get depressed?
What's the law in regard to diagnosing someone with a mental illness online?
How do you psychologically motivate yourself to believe your illness will be cured?
Do psychopaths really feel non-prosocial emotions?
Does keeping secrets help or hurt your mental health and could it lead to issues like Alzheimer's or dementia in old age?
Why do many CA students feel depressed?
What are some examples of traumatic experiences?
What shall I do to fix my depression as a teenager?
What is the main difference between a psychiatrist and a psychologist? Can a psychiatrist learn human behavioural science in his textbooks?
How hard is it to suffer from BPD?
Does bipolar disorder have legal implications?
Are nervous breakdown and depression the same thing?
How can someone with small scale PTSD, anxiety disorder, social awkwardness, and depression make friends?
Why does my anxiety increase at night?
Is there a link between pyromania and the mania episodes seen in bipolar disorder?
What mental disorder does Stevie Steve (Cleveland Facebook killer) have?
How do I deal with my thoughts?
How can someone distinguish mental illness from demonic/supernatural influences (allowing for the possibility of the latter)?
I’m confused, depressed, and alone. What should I do?
Does depression cause oversleep?
What happened to me? I have no cause for depression and yet I’ve felt extremely depressed for a few years now.
What motivates someone with depression?
Why do I feel depressed after having a good time?
Why does physical affection make me feel sick?
Is Steve Stephens a psychopath?
How can one commit suicide without getting any of his/her family member in legal trouble?
How do I calm myself down without going to a therapist? Am I just insane?
Have most people thought about committing suicide at some point in their life?
How do I stop my depression as a teenager?
How does someone with a severe phobia of doctors find a General Practitioner?
What made you decide to go to a doctor and get diagnosed with ASPD, psychopathic personality disorder?
How can I stop thinking about the future, as it has made me depressed?
Are social workers allowed to be hired if they have mental illness like depression or anxiety?
How do I create a purpose for myself?
Is there any connection between sensitivity for light and bipolar disorder?
Is oxygen therapy effective in improving mental alertness?
How do I release emotions from the body?
What is the difference between psychosis and dissociation?
Why does depression cause crying spells?
How much can you sue for causing mental trauma?
How can a mental patient free himself/herself from a straitjacket?
Is there any link between genius and disorder?
What should I do if my parents won't let me see a psychiatrist?
Do psychopaths see any value in emotions?
Is it possible that I have bipolar disorder? My mood can change dramatically more than 4 times a day.
Can depression decrease productivity and increase procrastination? How can depression be overcome?
What are some important things to know about having a mental illness and dating someone with or without mental illnesses?
How do I tell my therapist that I cut myself?
Are women really strong mentally?
I’m 13 and I’m getting bullied in school. I feel a little depressed. I was thinking about suicide. What should I do?
Will a relationship work between someone with ASPD and someone else with BPD?
When people learn the name of a mental health issue they unknowingly suffered from, does that end up making the person stronger?
Should mental labourers (developers, for example) consume extra fast carbs to decrease fatigue? By “extra,” I mean compared to the recommended daily intake.
How do I deal with anxiety after losing a relative?
What are some disorders caused by nondisjunction?
What's the worst type of personality disorder that any one of you have ever come across or personally experienced firsthand?
Why was Lisa Rowe (Girl, Interrupted) hospitalised for sociopathy when one in every 25 people is a sociopath?
How do I deal with this constant anxiety when I don't even know what I'm anxious about?
I feel like my body is calm but my mind is panicking and stressed. It makes me feel crazy. Is that normal for anxiety?
Why is norepinephrine used in some medications for anxiety?
Can an ENTP be diagnosed with BPD, OCD, and depression?
Can pretending to be happy make depression really go away?
How did you cure existential depression (not the therapy)?
Can a person with a mental illness have a successful romantic relationship?
Why do many suicidal people cut their arms?
My mom's attitude gives me a lot of depression, how should I deal with it?
What sort of permanent physical/mental disability prevents excelling at a firearm sport?
With what age should I take personality disorders traits seriously? (ASPD, Psychopathy, Schizoid, Narcissism, etc)
Do people with BPD wish that other people could just understand what it is that they’re going through?
How can I avoid crying spells if I have depression?
How do I cope with my borderline personality disorder?
In which movie do people start having their senses amplified? The movie ends with an eating disorder where people can’t stop eating, so they die.
Is it true that some Indonesians think that mental illness is contagious?
How can someone discern if he or she is having some kind of spiritual or psychic awakening or experiencing psychosis related to a mental disorder?
What is the biological reason for stress reduction in psychopaths?
Are there any coping methods for stress that narcissists favour?
What countries don't allow individuals with mental illness from acquiring citizenship by naturalization?
Is there a person who has never been ill?
Has someone you have known recovered from depression?
What personality disorder induces people to temporarily completely stop loving their partner during an argument?
Do OCD patients tend to fall obsessively in love?
How do I deal with mentally abusive neighbours in a community based society?
I think I suffer from anxiety, how can I deal with anxious moments?
Why do people feel depressed when something good finally happens, instead of feeling joy?
Why are people not depressed or bothered with myopia?
How did you handle post study abroad depression?
What is the psychopath 'mask'?
How do psychological factors affect physical health?
Why do I feel the urge of wasting my time on unnecessary things when I have a lot of things pending?
How can someone with schizoid personality disorder have social anxiety and avoidant personality disorder at the same time?
My mom believes that my mental illnesses aren't enough to get an IEP. What do I do?
