What is your favorite movie caption?
Would you please rank the 007 movies from best to worst, including Never Say Never Again?
Which movies are toughest to watch?
Is Joss Whedon directing Justice League? What's up with the recent reshoots with the movie?
If the MCU Avengers watched Kimi no Na Wa in the cinema, what will they say and think?
Does the USA make the best TV shows/movies in the world? Why or why not?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
As shown in the movie 'Mohenjo Daro,' were the first settlers of the Gangetic plains Harappan people or invading Aryans?
What is one Movie you will absolutely love to watch in Cinema hall if released again?
Which parts of 2012 (movie) were correct?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
Did Blade Runner's "tears in rain" monologue have a philosophical message behind it?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
What is Miller's Planet in Interstellar?
Have are the new theories of management in the last five years?
Is there a way to broadcast video that you are watching on VLC to another person’s computer who is also running VLC so 2 ppl. can watch movies while synced?
What percentage of spy work is sort of like the movies? When spy work becomes sort of like the movies, how movie-like does it get?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
Where can I download Kabali (HD) with English subtitles?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
Why do you think "Baahubali" got the hype it acquired?
What are the do's and don't's in creating a villain in a movie?
Do you think any Hollywood movies will be made about the Donald Trump Presidency?
Which are the must-watch Hollywood movies from 1990-2017?
What are the best spiritual movies in Hollywood?
What Asian dramas or movies with gay male characters do you recommend?
Find movie un?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
What are the best Hollywood movies made on railways background?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
What are your favourite 10/10 Tollywood movies?
Who would you cast as the Bride of Frankenstein in the 2019 remake?
How is the movie “Zombieland”?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
Is movie.vidmate.mobi safe to download and use? Are there any reviews of its general use?
How do I get a role in Bollywood movies?
In the movies and television, why do gangsters, drug dealers and the like have minions that do their dirty work for them?
Why is Michael Cera such a bad actor?
Is there any movie about Galileo or Copernicus?
Why does Bollywood not make well written/researched commercial movies like 'Sarfarosh' anymore?
How do you come up with the characters and plots for your novellas?
As a foreign tourist in India, have you ever acted as an extra in a Bollywood movie? If yes, when and how?
What are the top 10 movies on Netflix?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
Why was Edward Scissorhands treated differently?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
What exactly happened to the humanoid characters in Alien Covenant's flashback scene? Was this event what caused their extinction?
Why do we feel liberated at the end of Shawshank Redemption.How did Frank Darabont achieve that?
What are the shows in the West where Hollywood actors are called for interviews?
Can a music video be classified as a short film?
How can I add subtitles to movies on an iPhone?
Why are American girls so sexualized on the media?
What is the most influential movie/film in all of history?
Who stars in the movie Hester Street?
What formats do actors commonly get dossiers of their characters' in?
Are Baahubali 1 & 2 modified versions of the old Kannada movie Mayura (Dr. Rajkumar)?
Can I use movie quotes in my movie blog?
What movie or movies did Samuel Jackson not yell in?
Where can I watch The Seventh Seal (1957) with English subtitles?
In the movie Monster Trucks, how did the creatures not explode?
If you were to make a movie with any actor but the only advertisement the movie would get was the name of the lead actor, who would be your lead?
Dangal has grossed 1500 crores worldwide. How much will Aamir Khan earn as the producer of this film?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
Which movies are the most thrilling movies in the 20th century?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
In which Korean-dubbed films has Korean voice actor Ja-Hyeong Gu voiced Denzel Washington?
Who does promotion for Bollywood movies?
What does it mean when Spock says that Khan “exhibits 2-dimensional thinking” in “Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan”?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
If all the young Tollywood and Kollywood superstars were to fight each other, who would win, and which particular actor would have the highest kill count?
What is the difference between Indian style of Cinema making and that of Hollywood?
Most of us know Roger Moore was really the best Bond, but which film was his best in the series?
Is there an app to watch free Harry Potter movies?
Do movies increase our knowledge?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
Is The Shining (1980) the greatest horror movie ever made?
Which is the best and easiest movie download app?
Why are people making such a big deal out of Jennifer Lawrence's strip pole video?
What's your favourite movie based on a novel?
What is a way to find work in the film industry?
Why are DC movies doing so bad in the box office?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
Is there a website or an app where I can make a list of already watched series and movies?
Which horror novel till date has the best plot?
Why do producers and directors make a movie even though they know it’s going to be a massive flop?
What is the actor Wilson Bethel doing now?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
What is that quote about cinema being about taking pictures of girlfriends?
What are some events that show the true power of the internet?
Have there been instances where movies have tried to show the world a hidden truth subtly in its dialogues?
How can you decorate a room for a scene in a gangster movie?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
If you could turn any arc of The Clone Wars into a full-lengthed live-action, big-budget movie, which would you choose and why?
Why does Kannada cinema fail to compete with neighboring industries? Is there a problem with the quality of the movies, or is it their marketing strategy?
In the movie Baahubali, are there any mysteries unsolved?
Who developed animation films in India?
What is the best moment in your life till this date?
Which actor has the craziest female fan following?
What shows should one watch to get modernized/westernized?
How can I get the movie Baahubali 2?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
If you could rewrite or edit BvS or add more films before it, how would you do that?
Yesterday (23rd May 2017) Sir Roger Moore sadly departed this world, aged 89. What are your favourite Roger Moore TV/movie moments?
What did you feel after watching Joker Tamil movie?
What are the best spiritual movies?
Is it possible to team up with Steven Spielberg to make a cartoon?
What skills are required for creating an animated movie?
How can I find an inexpensive screenwriter for my micro budget film?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
How do I download Hindi movie bàhubali 2?
In the movie Silence, since Andrew Garfield apostatized their Lord, why did he still have the Jesus symbol with him in the end of the movie?
If actors play a double role, will they get paid twice the amount, just asking?
What were stoners’ best ever highdeas?
The movie Inferno is real life. Instead of saving them from the plague, it is released into the world. Does this actually create a better world?
Does Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood" remind you of Dave Brubeck's style?
Is this the proper way to film a gunshot explosion in a film?
Did Russians enjoy the movie Red Dawn?
What are the best action Hollywood movies?
How do I download movies in HD?
What do people from India think of Leonardo DiCaprio?
What are notable depictions of sibling negotiations in film or literature?
How does having sex for a film affect your feelings as an actress?
How do movies make close up throat cutting scenes look so real?
Do you think Heath Ledger could have acted as Bane?
What is the one movie you'd suggest to someone who is really depressed?
Is the Kannada movie "Hollywood" a good Indian movie, considering its release date?
How should I download the Marathi movie, Anvat, from the internet?
Why are Fast and Furious movies still being made, and why are they grossing so much?
Can I really have skills like a special agent in the movies, let's say Jason Bourne?
What is the best Online Movies site in Brazil?
Where would the Fast and Furious franchise be today if Paul Walker was still alive?
Why should we watch film?
What are some movies about writing jobs?
Is a movie about Sachin Tendulkar necessary?
How do TV and cinema compare as forms of entertainment?
Do any of you guys think all of the Harry Potter movies are connected somehow?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
What is the beneficial thing of having film actors (not theatre) in a country?
Why are British actors used so often in roles that are of different nationalities?
How do professional filmmakers feel about YouTube movie reviewers with large followings?
What do you think is the future of VFX in Indian cinema, with great films like Bahubali 2.0 and Bahubali? Can it compete with Hollywood in the coming times?
When Europeans dub English language films, do they use particular accents? How about Japanese and Chinese films?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
Which is the best Disney movie in Hindi dubbed?
Would acting in movies be a good job?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
What are some of the best apps for download newly released Hollywood movies?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What are the facts that took Baahubali beyond the expectations?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
Would Luke still be as valuable to Darth Vader and the Emperor if his last name weren't Skywalker?
Who could get me a list of inspiring movies?
In your opinion, what is the best score written for a movie?
Can autistic people become screenwriters?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest movies and TV series?
Do I need to know the actual story of Dunkirk evacuation before watching the movie?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
Have you done voice-over in any famous movies or series?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
How is medieval sword fighting different than on medieval movies?
Which actor/actress do you think is great but keeps on getting mediocre roles?
How many actors have released actual nude videos?
Can a NVIDIA Shield TV play all movie formats and subtitle files?
What movies do you think are a must watch?
If a biopic on Rahul Dravid is ever made, who should play him?
Why is Hollywood sexually liberal?
Which is better? The Baahubali duology or The Lord of The Rings trilogy? Why?
Which movie is perfect?
What's best way to download the latest movies?
What are your views on the movie Maroon (2016), and its ending?
Why is musical not a popular movie genre as it used to be?
How is the 300 movie?
What was the name of the dish that Kangana Ranaut's character "Rani" ordered in the movie 'Queen' after which she vomited?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
Why shouldn't I be discouraged to become a filmmaker?
Are Bollywood movies famous in China?
What do you think about the video "boyfriend" from the movie "Raabta"?
What makes getting into Hollywood so hard?
When does “The Princess Bride” take place?
How are bilingual movies like Baahubali shot so that they are able to replicate the scenes in the other language as well?
What are some best sites for downloading Hollywood movies in HD?
Is “Jeepers Creepers” a scary movie?
Who is the most famous British film producer of all time?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
Why is Loki's character so complex?
Where can I download the audio track for the movie "Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya"?
What is the best action and adventure show on Netflix right now?
If you had to choose just one movie for a new president, which one would it be, and why?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
What song is in the trailer for Alien:Covenant (2017)?
Alien: Covenant (2017 movie), what do you think happened between David and Elizabeth Shaw?
Where do actors stay in Cannes?
How can I watch movies on my TV from my phone?
Does the Force only exist within the Star Wars Galaxy?
What do you want to see in a movie (+- 1 minute) that promotes the traditional Italian coffee culture?
How would you fix the Star Wars prequels?
Did Marvel fans like the Dark Knight series?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
Was it ever explicitly stated how the Star Wars prophecy was told?
Who won the best film award in 2016?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
What are some of the best looks from Cannes Film Festival 2017?
Is there any way I can remove this arrow-like mark randomly appearing in a movie?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
What is the best HD movie downloading site?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
Where can I watch Arrow online, without any signup?
Where can I find Gujarati movies and drama?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Should I worry about what age I "make it" in the entertainment industry as a writer, comedian, filmmaker, or actor? I fear that the age you make it at, matters.
Why are Republican actors essentially getting blacklisted in Hollywood?
If Prabhas is cast in a lead role in Mahabharata (a.k.a. Randam Ooozham), which role would best suit him? Why?
Is the Baahubali movie vaguely based on Chandragupta Maurya?
What are best horror and action movies of Hollywood to watch on YouTube free of cost?
Where can I download Star Wars 8 right now (and what do you think about it)?
What is the path to becoming an actor in movies?
What do you think are the flaws in Kiccha Sudeep's film career?
If Shah Rukh Khan is the biggest movie star in the world, then why don't his movies break the all-time collection records?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
Why do Hindi movies dominate if the theater count in South India is much larger?
What do you think about movies about the Holocaust, especially Schindler's List and The Pianist?
Who is the real hero of the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
What could have prompted Autumn Snyder, the loving daughter of one of the most famous directors of the world, Zack Snyder, to commit suicide?
What is the name of the song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene, where Toretto was with his wife in the room?
Why do some people think that Sangamithra is going to be an utter flop?
Why does almost, if not every, movie have a black and white checkered floor in it somewhere? Many TV shows have that floor, too.
What's your review on the movie Meera (1979)?
What is your favorite film series?
If you ever make a movie, what genre would it be?
Will La La Land be the last truly amazing movie musical?
What's the 70s movie where a second rate rodeo cowboy is hitch hiking and meets a girl in a Cadillac convertible?
Did they use a real tiger in the Life of Pi movie?
Which movie is very suspicious?
How much does it cost to make a movie theater?
Which movie made you to change and how?
Which is best website to download Hollywood movies in dual language and in HD?
What was the quality of Malayalam movies released between 2000-2010? Were they really better than other South Indian language movies as they are now?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
What kind of religions exist in Star Wars?
What is the status the Gambit movie from Fox?
Was there a dearth of good horror movies in the 1990s?
Why is the Hindi version of Drishyam so different?
Which is the worst movie you paid to watch in this year?
What was the quote at the end of Fast and Furious 7?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
In the Silence movie, when Andrew Garfield apostatized against their Lord, why in the end of the movie did he still have Jesus’ symbol?
What role is Ice Cube suitable for in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
How can I watch any Hollywood movie with subtitles for free?
Have you ever been into a film like scenario?
What is the highest grossing Hindi movie in Tamilnadu?
Why does Mahendra Bahubali strip Avantika?
What is one of the biggest flops in history?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
Is there a comic book or novel prequel to the movie “X-Men: Days of Future Past”?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
Is the Hollywood film industry a sophisticated CIA front?
Which are SRK’s good movies?
What is the starting budget for a community movie theater in Toronto and Berlin?
Why do Malayalees like Tamil movies?
What animation software was used in the Baahubali movie?
Is the 1991 remake of the movie “A Kiss Before Dying” better than the original one (1956)?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
Why is the whole Bollywood silent with the success of Bahubali 2?
Will Superman return in the next Justice League movie?
What do we get out of the movie "Hindi Medium"?
Who is the worst female protagonist in a Tollywood movie?
When will we ever see a canon novelization of the prequel trilogy of Star Wars?
Where can I learn filmmaking and screenwriting online for free (with links, if possible)?
In Logan, why did Laura's guardian try to find Logan?
In the event of an apocalyptic breakdown of a government, would society truly devolve to chaos as we see predicted in movies & books?
Why are homosexuals shown always as a caricature in Bollywood movies?
What is your opinion on superhero movies being one of the most popular genres right now?
Are all foreign movies required to be dubbed in Japanese cinemas?
How does Tarantino feel about Christopher Nolan?
Is it possible for the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" to actually happen?
What are your favourite 10/10 Bollywood movies?
What is the difference between documentary and docudrama?
What is the butter flavoring at the movie theaters made of?
What are the best world movies torrent sites to download?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Will X-23 appear in X-Men: The New Mutants (2018)?
Do you think there's a chance for a sequel for Spider-Man: Homecoming?
What is your favourite thing about hunting?
What are some things that you love about avant-garde films?
Which is the best website for downloading all types of movies?
Are Indian people very excited for the movie "Sachin: A Billion Dreams"?
Why didn't Weyland Utani send a bunch of Walters instead of a human crew?
Why do established actors sometimes do nonsensical movies?
Can I use a movie logo if I'm buying tickets for it?
What's your favorite innuendo?
Are Indians films being shot in Pakistan?
Is it advisable to watch English movies and listen to English songs to learning English?
Have you seen any movies about the Vietnam war? How true-to-life are they?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
What secrets has the River Thames not released yet?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
What are Roger moore’s 10 most popular films?
What movies should I watch to improve my British English?
How is 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun' the biggest hit of Indian cinema when adjusted for inflation?
Why is there a sense of urgency in movies where they can travel through time?
What movies have Marvel actors Co-starred in together outside of the MCU?
What are the best websites to upload a subtitle file for a short film?
Where can I find a complete list of songs from the movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword?
What are the strangest, weirdest movies ever made?
Which Indian director has directed the most number of films?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
In BAHUBALI 2 why the director does not show the heroes training for fight? Is he forgot about it or what?
How would you rank the MCU film villains?
How do I download the Marathi movie Anvat?
Which actors and actresses deserve the accolades if there were no politics in the Academy Awards (or any awards)?
What is the name of the Spanish song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene where Toretto and his wife were in their bedroom?
Why, in the Wizard of Oz film, does nobody see Dorothy as a killer?
In what order should I watch Haikyuu?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is your favorite book/movie/TV show?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
Does diplomacy always win in real life?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
In which film does Michael Clarke Duncan act as a gangleader and participate in a game of killing other gang leaders?
Which quality should I prefer while downloading movies or any videos from the internet?
Is the story of Shin Chan true?
What is the language of the film Sachin Tendylkar?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Where would Roger Moore rank among the actors who played James Bond?
Could the Men in Black (1997 movie) defeat the Chitari invasion from the Avengers (2012)?
Are there any movies that explore what life would’ve been like for family and friends if the protagonist never existed?
Do you have the Hindi dubbed version of the Telugu movie Happy Days?
On what basis are the prices of movie tickets fixed?
What makes films to win Oscars?
How would Yareal Poof's story, the Robot Chicken version, fit into Star Wars canon?
Does Russia have any Red Dawn type movies showing an American invasion?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
Is The Godfather the greatest movie ever?
Is Bahubali 2 the greatest movie in Indian cinema?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
Which is the best Kolkata movie theatre: Inox Quest or Cinepolis Acropolis?
What dictated the seemingly inflated talent fees of Hollywood actors? Why does an average movie cost millions of dollars to make?
How do you feel about a Deadpool/moonknight team up Marvel movie?
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What scene in a movie has the most gunfire blasting?
What lessons does Baahubali offer other than being the biggest blockbuster ever?
What is the best James Bond movie to which to introduce kids to the films?
What is the title of the Woody Allen movie in which a Jewish character listens to Hitler speeches?
Which is the best website to watch online Telugu movies?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
What happened with the INS Vikrant (R11)?
Does anyone recognize the beauty of the first frame of “Guardians of the Galaxy” on the IMAX 3D screen, where Ego's character drove off of the fields?
What are your favourite rom-com movies?
Why is John Wick such a kick ass movie?
What are some must watch movies like those of Takovsky's?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
How can I download bahubali 2 full movie in HD?
Which movie did you enjoy watching the most in a theater?
Are there movies depicting real martial arts?
What are some good movies in which the good guy doesn't win?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever watched?
Why does Brad Pitt only make war movies?
Will I most likely be successful if I major in film production?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
Where can I download the Bollywood movie “Khamosh” (1985)?
Which Hollywood actresses sleep with directors and producers?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
Who is the second attacker in the movie, Memento?
While shooting sex scenes in Asian movies, do the actresses actually get naked?
How would King Kong treat regular gorillas?
How many Indian actress worked in Hollywood?
What is the Pirates of the Caribbean chronology?
Are some war strategies and fighting techniques shown in the Bahubali movie series copied from other movies?
What do you think about the character of Divyanka Tripathi, a popular television actress?
What are some Disney cartoon movies which we will love to see?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
How difficult are the fight scenes in the films of Matt Damon, Tom Cruise, Keanu Reeves, etc.? Is there any real MA there?
Where is the best source to cast actors for low budget films?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
How can I go in Bollywood?
Is there footage of Jackie Chan in a real competition?
Why are recent Kannada movies using names or references to hit movies or legendary personalities’ names?
Which actress/actor you like in India most and why?
Is film literature?
How do we dub any language into Hindi?
Is it legal to film in a cemetery?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
Why does Tara beg/plead to be with Ved in the movie Tamasha?
What is your favourite collaborative, award-winning animated movie? Why?
Why do so many horror movies involve stupid teens / early 20’s?
What's the greatest found footage film of all time?
Which is the best Hindi movie dialogue you have ever heard of?
Why are we (Bollywood) not making any movies with some amount of intellect? How long do we plan on making love stories with different packaging?
What song, movie or TV series are you ashamed to admit that you like?
Are there any sites where you can download Tamil, Hindi and Kannada movies in Blu-ray?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
If both Mitsuha and Taki from Your Name were to watch the MCU Avengers movie, what will they say and think about it?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
Can hydrogen be burned manually? Is everything that NASA sends to space fire retardant? I’m asking this for a project on a scene from the movie, "The Martian".
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
What is the reverse engineering of movie industry?
Why is it that even the non-dialogue scenes in “Baahubali 1” are different in the Tamil and Telugu versions?
What makes you like epic movies?
What do you think of the movie 'A Dog's Purpose’?
What don't you like about Baahubali?
What are some entertaining old sci-fi/ fantasy movies?
What is the most brilliant thing in a movie?
What do most Americans think about the actresses who go nude in movies?
Where can I download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Do I need to watch the Sherlock movie before series 3?
If your life were a movie, would you let your parents watch it?
Was the Titanic movie a real life story?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
Can you name some movies that are like The Sandlot?
What is the duration of copyright for any movie or TV series?
What is so great about the Gadar movie?
What are the motives of the Android David in the Alien franchise?
What are the most touching scenes in Baahubali 2?
Do you think we'll ever get a Daria sequel?
With most of the websites blocked nowadays, can anyone suggest a website where I could download Indian Bollywood, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, etc. movies?
What are the movies that worth our valuable time?
Why don't celebrities’ kids go to acting school before acting in films?
Which is the best "Beauty and the Beast" film, Hollywood version or French version?
Do people actually have sex in movies scenes?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
Why do people easily trust strangers in movies but not in real life?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
What is your favorite movie caption?
Which scenes in Baahubali 2 made you get goose bumps?
Which of the Harry Potter movies are the most and least satisfying adaptations?
What do you think about Sony's coming up movie Venom?
What are the best anime series and/or movies I should watch? Only recommend ones you have watched and liked. It should be less than 50 episodes.
What are your favourite movie and why? Is there any hidden meanings?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
Who should act as Krishna in the upcoming Mahabharata movie(s) project?
What do Sri Lankans think about the film Bahubali?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
How can I make it to Bollywood?
How can I watch Jadoo High?
Can I make a good movie and launch it in Indian cinemas with 5 cr as the budget?
Why do the Chinese like Dangal, the movie?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
What is the best channel on Roku for old movies?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
Will there be live action sequels to 2010 film "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time"?
What are your thoughts on The Emoji Movie?
What would have happened if Bahubali 2 and Tubelight released on the same date?
What are the greatest performances of Setsuko Hara?
Do you think hachi is the loveliest movie ever made?
Has your visits to the IMDb website and app decreased since they got rid of the message boards?
Why isn't "Hollywood Reporter" praising Aishwarya Rai's Cannes Film Festival outfit the way "TOI" is doing?
What is the best movie you have ever seen? What did you take advantage of?
Has an Indian actress dubbed the voice for Saba Qamar in the movie Hindi Medium?
How do I get roles as an actor for plays/movies (anything)?
What are your best money/weapon/drugs movies?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
Which movie is better: “Baahubali 2” or “Dangal”?
Now that Extratorrent is gone, where can I find movie releases from releaser groups like DDR, DUS, TeamOS etc?
In Bahubali, who is Bhadra's mother?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
How do movies and TV series get the best ratings on IMDB and popularity among people, even when they contain nude and sex scenes?
Movies and TV series depict death as being very quick to come after a single sword cut. Is it possible to die immediately after being cut by a sword?
What do psychopaths think about the movie "American Psycho"?
How were old movies colourised?
What is a fast speed film?
Now that Baahubali is released, is this the new bench mark for south Asian movie making?
How can I create an amazing script for a movie?
Do you think that Marathi characters in Bollywood movies are often shown as rural, while almost half of the population of Marathi people live in an urban area?
How dominating are male lead roles in films compared to female lead roles?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
How do I get movies legally to do critical videos like Nerdwriter or Every Frame a Painting?
Which actor do you think would be best suited for a role as Donad Trump?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
How do directors shoot compilations in Hollywood movies?
Why are dubbed versions of regional cinema released in Hindi with ridiculous titles?
How do I download the movie “Half Girlfriend”?
What are the best Russian movies about the Cold War?
Is it hard for an Asian to get roles in Hollywood? If so,why?
Why is it that most Disney films Frank Welker is in, he only does vocal effects?
Where can I watch “Detective Conan Movie 21″?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
Why are Bahubali movies so overrated?
Why do we love the movie "The Breakfast Club" so much?
Who is the dead man and what is his folly in Agatha Christie's Dead Man's Folly?
Is it worthwhile watching Baahubali 2 in 4K, as it may require a minimum viewing distance in a cinema hall?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
In X-Men: Apocalypse, why was Apocalypse betrayed in the start?
Was Star Wars originally meant to promote theocracy and religious extremism?
What is the difference between Bollywood movies and daily soaps now?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
In an old classic movie, there were the prank of an office worker, a coffee slogan, and the worker’s friends tricking him into thinking that he won money. Which movie is that?
Where can I watch/download Hindi dubbed English movies online? (paid/free)
What will they do to the costumes used by the cast of a film?
How many people are working in the porn industry as actors? Say, how many starred in a film in the last 6 months?
Is it possible that a movie could hypnotize people?
Now that Bahubali: The Conclusion has been released, what do you think is a good way to extend the story for part 3?
What's the difference between best screenplay and best picture?
I am 17. I watched all the Harry Potter movies and I absolutely adore them. Am I too old to read the books? Should I do it?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
Why is roaring used as a display of strength in movies?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
What is a good documentary to watch to learn more about Edward Snowden?
How do I download the full audio track for “Commando 2” movie in Hindi?
Have you seen the film, ‘Sister my Sister, and what did you think of it?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
What was the movie that had a really positive impact on your life?
Do Hollywood movies’ worldwide grosses include China?
How many Guardian of the Galaxy movies do you think there will be, and why?
What was James Cameron's reasoning behind the last scene in Titanic with Jack, Rose and everyone clapping?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
Where can I find the correct site to download Armistice (2013 movie)?
What is the total collection of Baahubali 2?
Why is Good Will Hunting so highly rated?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with Hindi audio?
What is the climax of Inception?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
Why are male choirs used in sinister scenes in movies?
What is the most terrifying movie you have ever seen?
What are your views on the movie “A Beautiful Mind”?
How did Baahubali 2 earn so much money all over the world, despite not being a mainstream Bollywood film and being a regional film?
Do actors own what they buy when shooting a scene that involves shopping?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
Being an Indian filmmaking student, how can I land a job in Hollywood production houses?
What are the best movies in 2017?
What are 18+ horror Hollywood films?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
How did they control the balloon in the 1956 movie, "The Red Balloon" directed by Albert Lamorisse?
Where can I get the Sarrainodu movie (2016) in Hindi?
What is the name of an animated movie about human history with Mr White?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
What was the clever clue the villains planted in an attempt to lure Batman into a trap, thus rescuing Bruce?
Will they ever defeat Thanos in a Marvel movie? If so, who will defeat him?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
Is Tiger Shroff capable of playing an intense character like Rambo?
What are some Hollywood movies with the most ridiculous Hindi Dubbing?
Is the footage from war documentaries from the actual situation, or do they mix everything up to fit the story?
What books or series of films have relationships that are similar to Cassie and Sid’s relationship in ‘Skins’?
Where was the name Kaliyuga derived from?
Which is the comedy Bollywood movie that contains this dialogue "kesi behki behki baate karr rahe ho"?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
Is Willow: A Short Story by Alice Rachel based on a true story?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
Which is the best Punjabi movie in 2017?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
It is weird to go to a cinema alone late at night?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
Do you think Julie Walters could be the greatest British actress of all time?
What is Bahubali 2 earnings?
Why are only a few scenes in IMAX films shot with IMAX cameras?
Where can I watch the Naruto movies dubbed in English?
What does a script for a porno movie look like?
What are the softwares, that are used to create the movie, Zootopia?
Where can I get Hindi dubbed versions of Tamil cult movies like Nayagan, Thalapathi etc.?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
How far is the movie about Pulikecei true? Is he really the Tughlaq of South India?
Even just for watching Blu-ray or even DVD movies, does a dedicated graphic card still give a better video performance than the internal graphic chip?
What are Tamil actor Vijay's best movies?
Which are the movie dowloading/streaming sites banned in Germany? Does anyone know if DDLValley is legal or not?
How come Dangal made so much money in China, without any promotional events at least?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Are there any 2-disc editions of the extended versions of The Hobbit films? As in, just the films, no other bonus discs.
Is it only me or anyone out there who thinks the Sachin movie trailer falls flat?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
What are some movies, books, plays, etc. about the struggles of Muslim women?
Why shouldn't we take Afghanistani actors instead of Pakistani actors?
Why do Bollywood movies have the same names?
In what movie did Arnold Schwarzenegger say "So why am I still alive?"
Is Baahubali 2 a good film?
The movie “Hindi Medium” has given a strong message, but is it practical in the real world?
Why was the movie No Smoking heavily panned by the critics?
What is your review on Lahoriye?
How do I download or watch the new Indian movie Half Girlfriend 2017 online?
Who are the best aunties of Bollywood?
Can you recommend to me good teen movies or movies that are about life in school?
What is the most horrifying true story?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
How do the film stars behave at their home?
What are Jason Bourne's (movie) personality traits?
Did Johnny Fontane have a bigger role in the novel than in the movie?
Is there an example of a complicated scene that failed to shoot because of its complexity?
In "Alien: Covenant", how was David superior to Walter?
With several story ideas for screenplays, should I write the treatment first or just dive into the screenplay? And why am I so terrified to start?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What is the surname of Baahubali in the movie?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
Are there any horror movies that have a serious theme?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
Why was Pete Postlethwaite regarded as a great actor?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
Why is the movie Battleship Potemkin considered propaganda?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
In how many Indian movies has Shahid Afridi been mentioned? What movies are they?
Will the upcoming movie 'Tiger Zinda Hai' save Katrina's career?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Who's a better film director, Clint Eastwood or Martin Scorsese?
Is there any movie in Tamil that is better than Raavanan?
What if Salman Khan starred in and as Bahubali?
What are some of the best time-travelling movies you have seen? Would you recommend them to everyone who loves these kinds of movies?
Will a biopic ever be made on a common person?
Where can I download Bollywood movies for free?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
Why are mainstream films so average these days? Hear me out.
Is it normal for a child to watch a movie over and over again without getting bored?
What are the great movies that were made on the basis of psychology, a quest for the meaning of life, love, travel around the world, etc.?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
How do producers collect money from cinemas?
Why is everyone in the movies such a horrible shot?
How can I become an actor in the Tamil cinema in a hero’s role?
Does watching movies with English subtitles help people learn English and develop listening skills?
How will a Star Wars TV series surrounding the events of KoTOR be received?
What are the reasons behind the huge success of Bahubali 2?
Will there be another part of Bahubali after the 2nd one? I saw a book of Bahubali that was based on ancestors of Amerendra Bahubali.
How irresponsible are Fun Cinemas people?
If some American series are neither broadcasted in my country nor subtitled in Netflix, how am I supposed to watch them legally?
What is the latest movie series?
Has someone won an Oscar for an action movie?
What's so Indian about the movie series Baahubali?
What is Ridley Scott's opinion on James Cameron's Aliens?
What are the best English social movies?
Is there any app to download movies?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
How likely are we to create artificial intelligence like in the movies (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ex Machina)?
Why do people say that Vin Diesel is a bad actor? Is he a bad actor? Does he play his roles in a dumb way?
What or how many movies was John Wayne was named Duke?
Are there any movies directed in Pak which are India friendly, like the way we have Bajrangi, Veer-Zaara, and Happy Bhaag Jayegi? Haters stay away.
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
Why are films about Batman way more popular or successful than films about Spiderman?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
What is the problem of some Egyptians with the best actor of their country, Adel Imam?
What are your five favorite movies and why did they make such a impression on you?
Was the Warren story a report or a transcription from Alice in Wonderland?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
I recently watched The Guardians of the Galaxy 2 after reading some negative reviews that, I think, were baseless.Can someone with the same view help?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
Does a movie being good or bad affect the nomination of its individual parts for an Oscar?
What is the phone used in John Wick 2?
Why have some Bollywood singers shifted from Bollywood to South Indian films to Ad films?
What specific parts of Braveheart are accurate?
Why do I seem to enjoy films of the 80s and 90s as compared to the 2000s and 2010s?
How do I start a website that streams new movies and sitcoms legally?
Indian movies are not thought-provoking. Do you subscribe to that view?
Before YouTube was invented; could you watch movie trailers online?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
Why should the so called Bollywood stars be paid a fortune for displaying their vulgarity on the big screen?
What are some good movies about Hollywood actors besides Mulholland Drive?
What scenes in the 2016 Disney film Zootopia does Rich Moore direct?
Is there any other song similar/related to Tujhse Naraaz Nahi Zindagi from the movie Masoom?
Which video game based movies do we hope to see in the future?
Is it true in China you can download recent western movies legally and for free?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Do movie film crews get boners when shooting a sexy scene?
How did David defeat Walter in Alien: Covenant? Wasn't Walter an updated version?
What is the best African movie you've ever seen?
Are 3D glasses included?
What films have the theme, "the same day recurs when the actor/actress awakes"?
Why did Netflix remove ratings?
What are some songs on Lord Shiva featured in movies of any language (something like Kochadaiyaan and Bahubali)?
What was the first Disney film to feature closing credits?
Where can I find out more about the movie Interstellar?
If you could change one thing about your favourite movie/game/book, etc., what would it be?
Is it true there will be another movie like the Suicide Squad?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
What do you feel about the theory that James Bond is a code name used by multiple people?
Has anyone watched the movie 'The Story of O’? What do you think about it?
Did you enjoy Moana?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
Baahubali is as much a Tamil film as it is a Telugu film. Why do people refer to Baahubali as a Telugu film?
What did you learn from the movie Arya 2 (Allu Arjun)?
What is the best dialogue/speech in recent films?
The Martian has a good story line, but does the movie skip over explanations just for entertainment?
What happened at the end of Lost?
How do I greenlight the next Cloverfield sequel?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
Why didn’t the police search for Andy Dufresne after he escaped from Shawshank?
In which movies was John Wayne named Duke?
How late into post-production was the title "Revenge of the Jedi" still being used for Star Wars VI?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
What is your favorite part of the movie Up?
When a film has 10 producers, do they expect different things or the same thing from the film?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Is the work atmosphere shown in the movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” accurate?
Do you think Logan (2017) deserves an Oscar or at least a nomination?
How does a guy enter the adult film industry?
Can somebody tell me from where I can download the Armistice (2013) movie?
Name some films which would have been much better with a different director and explain why?
What makes films to win Oscars?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
Which takes more man-hours, an animated film or a non-animated film?
What would the Star Wars Rebels characters look like if it was live action?
How many people like the film Baahubali 2?
Are WWE matches real or fake? I have heard from many guys that it is scripted and shot like a film shoot.
How do I get my screenplay made in the Tamil film industry?
Which is the best website for downloading Hollywood and Bollywood movies in HD?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
Why is the language used in movies hard to understand?
What became of Lion's Saroo's 2 brothers, Mantosh and Sadhu? The film doesn't answer that.
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What are the best incest movies, like the Taboo series?
What are some of the must watch English, Hindi, and Bengali movies that people don't know about?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
What do you think about the ending of Alien: Covenant?
How do they make cartoon films?
Do you also think Tom Hardy was a better actor than Leonardo Dicaprio in The Revenant?
Why does the media not give as much attention to the Bahubali stars as compared to the attention received by the Bollywood actors and actresses?
How do Star Wars gravity generators work?
Assuming it was properly licensed, would it be better for the web as a whole for people to stream a Netflix movie or download via torrents?
Why are Christians trying to ban books and movies like Harry Potter and His Dark Materials from the general public?
Doesn’t all of this introverted intuition and INFJ stuff resemble a movie about Stephen King's book, 1408?
What is the journey of the movie industry in the US?
Why did the Chinese love the “Dangal” movie?
Is it possible for Pixar to ever make a live-action movie?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
Why is it considered to be a bad thing for people who are rich or influential to finance their own movies?
Are film actors given too much intellectual space in India?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
What are some trivia about one of your favourite movies?
Why can't India make more innovative films? Is SS Rajamouli the only innovator India has?
Guys, we all know that we can download newly released Hindi and English movies from torrent sites. But how can I get newly released Bengali films?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
Why has Bahubali 2 become a blockbuster movie?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
Will there be a brand new Spider-Man in the upcoming Venom Movie or no Spider-Man at all since this new Spiderverse is not related to the MCU?
What is your most favorite European sci-fi film?
What's the best way to improve the cinematography in my films?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
How can I go in Bollywood?
Which movie do you prefer, Captain America: Civil War or Marvel's The Avengers?
Why has JYK (condors369) stopped uploading movies on thepiratebay.org?
Why didn’t Toneri Ōtsutsuki help Momoshiki and Kinshiki in the movie Boruto?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
If James Bond was a girl what will her name be?
How can I download Korean movies with my phone legally free online?
Is there a Hindi-dubbed movie of “Theri”?
Do I need to watch the previous Alien movies before I see Alien Covenant?
Can we meet Hollywood or Bollywood stars at the Cannes Film Festival?
What is story of the movie 2057 which Bollywood directors are directing along the lines of Bahubali?
Can I request a cinema hall to show a movie which I want?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
What is that the sci-fi movie where humans are killing aliens in another planet and where they kidnap their queen?
Are there any movies/media with making of/behind the scenes of porn movies?
How I can get discounted movie tickets?
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
Who would you thank if you won the Oscars?
Why don't they shoot movies and television shows at Disney's Hollywood Studios (Disney MGM Studios) and Universal Studios in Florida anymore?
How and where should I start if I want to start working in the film industry as a writer and director?
What song did Emad Etesami and Rana sing together in the Iranian movie The Salesman?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
Is there any link to download the Rudramadevi Telugu movie?
What is the difference between cameras for still photography and movie making/film?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What movie reminds you of your life?
Why do people watch Salman Khan's movies if they hate him so much?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
When rewatching a film with a plot twist, should the film be viewed as if one were watching it for the first time or with the viewer's new knowledge?
Why, in TV serials or film, can't we see the cameras in front of mirrors, and which effect is this?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
Why is Baahubali 2 breaking all records? What is so special about this movie?
What are the six important signs and symbols that the novel “Silence of Lambs” by Thomas Harris relies on to create an impression of horror?
How are fight scenes shot so that they appear to be happening faster than possible?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
How much of the 1500 crores from Baahubali 2 goes to the producers?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
Which is the best horror- thriller movie ever in Hollywood?
What are your thoughts on Tom Hardy playing Venom?
What would they be like if the Baahubali series had been directed by Christopher Nolan?
Why do people insist on calling flight attendants "stewardesses", even on TV and in movies?
Who have watched the movie The Shack and what do you think about it?
Why do some actors choose to go uncredited in movies?
Do you know about any school shootings inspired by movies?
If you could replace an actor in any movie, which movie would it be and who would you play?
What is an audition for a movie like?
Which Batmobile would win, Batmobile from Batman v Superman vs Batmobile from Justice League?
How do I write a film treatment for sequels?
What is the perfect title for a short film based on the awareness of youngsters?
Why are the X-Men movies so poor compared to the Marvel movies?
How many cinemas do Ethiopians have?
What are some movies that have "too much action" to you?
What was the actual motive behind Bel and Genesis's torture game in the movie Knock Knock (2015)?
Do you have own movie theater in your home for your family only?
Which similar plot movies were released within a span of 5-6 years and were both successful?
Who are the five tallest characters in Baahubali?
Do actors go into acting because of fame/attention?
Is there any app to download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies?
In the movie Frank, he wears a giant mask because of a condition. What condition is it?
Have any villages been made famous by movies?
What’s a movie that absolutely petrified you?
How did you feel about Ghostbusters (2016)? Many people didn't like that the cast was all female.
What should happen in the Batgirl movie?
As an American, to what extent can you relate to "The US" as depicted in Hollywood movies?
Which movie would you recommend to watch for improving English speaking?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
If Bahubali is so great, what about films like Mayabazaar?
What is a genuine website for Tollywood collections of movies?
If ExtraTorrent gets shut down permanently, what would be an alternative source to download Hindi-dubbed Hollywood movies?
What are some movies or books related to being single? (Like 500 days of summer)?
Why did everyone hate the film "The Last Airbender" so much?
Can you tell me a movie that everybody likes but you don't? And why?
What are the top 20 must watch movies of all time?
What's the last movie you paid money to see and didn't regret afterwards?
How can Jharkhand have 100% entertainment tax on movies?
What is the dish that Aamir Khan and Preity Zinta have in a scene in Singapore in the movie Dil Chahta Hai?
If a stalker that was harassing an actor/actress and got a restraining order, would he or she be allowed to watch the films that the victim was in?
Do you have to be a Christian to be in a Christian movie?
Will there be a spin off movie for The Lord of the Rings?
In the end of the movie 'The Prestige' which Borden survived?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
When dubbing was introduced to India, what was the first thing to get dubbed?
Where is that tree location pictured in the "Sanam Teri Kasam" movie?
Is it true that the new movie Beauty and the Beast was banned in Russia?
Can we, will we be able to, upload our conscienceness to a computer like in the movie Transcendence?
Who first made pani puri in India?
What's the best film/developer combo for enlargements?
What's with all the movies that are adapted from books? Are they always bad to those who read the novel beforehand?
Is it true Hollywood is working on a remake of "Red Dawn" as “Red Trump,” and Charlie Sheen will return as Patrick Eckert?
How can I download a movie of small size (400-500 MB) from mobile?
Why are so many films these days directed by two people?
When are new movies added to Hotstar?
Why do low-budget movies not get enough credit in Indian cinemas?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
What assets does film hero Shobanbabu have?
Which are the most expensive movies ever produced in India amongst all time?
How do I sell a story to Hollywood?
Why do horror movies or television shows have sexual themes?
If the trailer in the description was real, would you watch the movie?
What are the 10 best French-language, made-in-France films from between 2000 and 2015?
Can we watch the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales with the whole family?
How was the movie 'Half Girlfriend'?
What movie had the biggest impact on you and why?
What is a film critic's/movie buff's reaction to the words "Tyler Perry movie”?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
How can I download a movie on mobile with less size?
What is the best ever torrent site to download any movie or app?
I heard somewhere that most award shows (Emmys, Oscars, etc.) are corrupt? Is this true?
What is an explanation for the ending of "The Vatican Tapes"?
Which is better; Blade Runner, Akira, or The Matrix?
If the original trilogy films were like samurai films, then what are the prequels and new trilogy films?
Which is the best psychological Indian movie?
What is the most underrated thing about Bollywood?
What is it like to imagine yourself in the body of a character/actor when you are watching a film and relating to other characters in the film?
Is there any platform where I can get in touch with trained short film directors in Hyderabad for my channel?
Where I can buy the cap Arjun (Dulquer Salman) wears in the Bangalore Days movie? It's more like a beanie but open on both the ends.
Is it a bad idea to watch Star Wars in episodic order? Would that make one like Star Wars less?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
Am I the only one who feels that some of the scenes in Bahubali 2 are incomplete and imperfect in their execution compared to its prequel?
What are the best 2D animated comedy films?
In Baahubali 2, did Prabhas’ acting show signs of self-importance?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
Where can I download the Shehanai audio that is played at the end of the Jaykara/Dandalaya song in the Baahubali 2 movie?
How do people differentiate good or bad from an actor/actress's acting skills?
Are Tamil movies released in Hyderabad in Tamil?
Are stunt cars that were used in movies street legal?
When will any Indian film cross $1 billion?
How many polycount per character is reasonable for making pre-rendered 3D movie?
Is it possible for a JIPMER student to work in the film industry during a vacation?
What makes Daniel Craig appalling as James Bond?
What are the best lines from any movie?
How does an actor/actress' partner feel about them regularly having to kiss other people?
Where can I download the movie Dhoom 2?
Is it better to watch TV series or movies?
Can I watch my downloaded movies on Chromecast?
Who thinks Aliens (1986) is a bad movie, or at least overrated?
In the case of an emergency, like in the Martian movie, how much fuel and time is required to reach Mars via the shortest path?
Is Don Johnson a good or bad actor?
How is Dangal a Muslim movie and Baahubali a Hindu movie?
In the film industry, is the best boy a gaffer or a (key) grip?
In Baahubali 1, Baahubali refuses animal sacrifice, but the makers of the movie sacrificed a goat before releasing the film. Why the hypocrisy?
In Secret Window, who didn't feel sorry for Mort’s wife Amy when he killed her and her boyfriend Ted?
If cartoons are remade into live action movies, why are there no live action movies remade into cartoons?
What are your reasons for not liking Hollywood?
What would be some great ideas for a Zootopia sequel?
Do actors and actresses really sing in the movies? I recently watched the new live action "Beauty and the Beast" and was amazed by the vocal talent.
Are all of the people in the movie Suicide Squad DC?
What was the collection till yesterday of Baahubali 2?
Why does Hollywood talk about Mexico in American movies a lot?
Which one provides the best Tollywood gossip?
What is your review of “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” (2017 movie)? Is the mage in the movie related to Merlin?
Where can I watch New Girl with English subtitles?
How many cars got crashed in all Fast and Furious movies?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
Why are films such an effective way of conveying significant themes and ideas?
I am very interested in bringing back the "movie palace" cinema, how should I go about that?
Is there a more bitterly ironic statement at the end of a movie than the words at the very end of My Own Private Idaho’s “Have a Nice Day”?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
In The Dark Knight, how does Batman have such great plot armor, but then his back is suddenly broken by Bane in The Dark Knight Rises?
Have you ever told a talker in a cinema while you were watching a film to STFU?
One of my friend used torrent to download a movie. Is he in trouble?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for Hindi movies?
Why did Turner fall in love with the mermaid?
Where can I find short film groups to associate with in Hyderabad?
What does Jack Fraser think about the new Star Trek trailer?
Where can I find a movie producer for a story that I have? I'd like to make the story into a short movie. How much do you think it will cost?
What are some really brilliant ambient or electronic film scores?
After the Baahubali movie, is Indian​ cinema famous across the world?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
How can I download an HD version of the movie Baahubali 2?
In which language is the movie Dangal released in China?
The new 3D effects in movies have been added to movies not originally filmed in 3D. Can the new 3D be added to old 3D movies from the ‘50s and ‘60s?
Why can’t Jackie Chan be declared as James Bond?
Why is there no movie based on the novel Call of the Wild in the 21st century?
What did you learn from the Steve Jobs movie?
Where can I see a trailer for the new abc show for the people?
Are the conditions of actresses in the Bollywood film industry accurate to as they are portrayed in the Spotlight web series & Heroine movie?
Is it better renting movies from Redbox than buying them?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
How often are movies remade by different studios?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
Do directors in Hollywood say 'Light, Camera, Action'?
Is the character of Bahubali in the movie inspired by Arvind Kejriwal?
How much do top Hollywood costume designers earn per film?
Is the new Harry Potter movie going to arrive in 2018?
Where can I watch Sholay 3D?
Why have Tim Burtons movies deteriorated in quality in recent years?
What are the best Tollywood photoshoots?
KickassTorrents used to be a good site for Afrikaans movies. Is there anywhere else?
Who are some of the on-screen mothers of Bollywood?
In the end of the movie IT, how can a powerful ancient creature be killed by being hit with a rock and then toppled to the side like a cow?
Where was the movie Bahubali made?
Which will be better, 3GB Web-DL version or 3GB BRRip, if both are encoded by the same guy?
How do script writers quantify if a script is 'beyond the budget constraints' of a given movie?
Is the premise of the movie "God is NOT Dead" utterly ridiculous?
Why is south Indian movie industry so obsessed with showing navels?
What do South Indians think when foreigners identify Baahubali as a Bollywood movie?
I've edited two short films and now I need to make a portfolio, how should I go about it?
What's the best successful ads in the movies?
Is a degree needed for becoming a filmmaker?
Where can I download Hollywood movies?
In how many films have Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan worked together?
Are the adverts/trailers shown in the beginning/interval of a movie included in the film reel?
What are upcoming Hindi movies in August 2017?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
How many coins are in John Wick’s suitcase?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
How many times can you watch a horror movie until the horror wears off?
How are the names of characters determined for movies and TV?
Where is the Baby Jen puppet used in The Dark Crystal?
When popular music is used in movies, would it be "used with permission"?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Bahubali 2 was a disappointment. Am I alone to think so?
Do real ghosts and demons look like their movie counterparts?
Can I kiss my girlfriend inside a movie theater?
Is it possible that someone can faint at one shot on his head by a vase or a rod as it happens in movies that the hero hits someone on his head and he is knocked out?
You are forced to watch the same movie every day of your life. Which one would you choose?
Which movie do you think you shouldn't have watched?
Can you think of films where one character is an idealist and the other is cynical/skeptical, and their roles are reversed halfway through?
Where will Desi Digital Releasers (DDR) post its movies since extratorrent has shut down permanently?
What is one observation you made but nobody has mentioned so far on Quora about Baahubali 2?
Who is the best actor in Tamil cinema, ajith or Vijay?
Are dangal box office figures in China real?
How do I get a script in front of Angeline Jolie?
What is the most iconic movie house?
How do you get subtitles on online videos?
What is your review of Hindi Medium (2017 movie)?
How I can download the Baahubali 2 full movie?
Please suggest the name of a TV program which is based on a film review?
Are actor Jeffrey Tambor and Marvel Studio's Head Kevin Feige connected to each other? They look like twins!
What is the best anime series/movie ever? Is it Dragon Ball?
Does Alien: Covenant help connect Prometheus to rest of the Alien films?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
Seeing his performance in Masaan and Aankhon Dekhi, can we say that Sanjay Mishra is a better actor than Naseeruddin Shah or Om Puri?
How do I find publicity films?
In Star Wars: A New Hope (1977), what would have happened if the droids’ escape pod had been destroyed?
Do south Indian movies have better stories and comedic timing than north Indian movies?
What is the Chinese opinion on the American film “American Sniper” (2014)?
What punch dialogue is very much famous in North Indian movies?
What are the best lines from movies?
What will you name a 26 movies series using all the 26 letters of the alphabet in the start?
Where can I find the movie “Machine” (2017)?
How can I rip and put DVD movies on Nabi tablets?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What are Christopher Nolan's strengths and weaknesses in his career?
Who is the worst movie actor, who is considered a star?
What are one or more of your favourite taglines in cinematic history?
What is the track that’s played in the biggest, loudest, craziest party scene from the 2016 Trolls movie?
What is your box office predictions for big Indian movies releasing this year?
Who could be the best cast if Malayalam movie "Premam" is remade in Hindi?
Should we watch Pirates of the Caribbean with family?
Will Lavalantula turn into a film series like Sharknado?
What is the box office collection of Sarkar 3 (2017 movie)?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
Will Baahubali 2 pave the way for erasing the Bollywood-Tollywood differences and for the emergence of a common Indiwood platform??
Should I watch movies in the theater or on a network?
What were some notable ripoff films that were released in the 1970's?
Why are so many television shows and movies produced in Georgia?
Do Bollywood movies show nudity?
What did you like about A Dog's Purpose?
What is your worst Disney movie?
Is there any Harry Potter movie after the last one (Deathly Hallows)?
The way Hollywood depicts the CIA, is it somewhat realistic at all?
Which is the most direct movie on enlightenment?
What is the climax of Inception?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
What will you do if you are president for one day as shown in some Telugu movie?
Am I the only one who thinks Baahubali 2 is overrated and over hyped?
How do actors behave if, after watching the opening of their film, they find that it is horrible? Do most actors see the whole film, or just some clips before the opening?
Which are the website that gives genuine reviews to movies?
If cricketers were cast in Bollywood movies, who would star in what?
Where can I get Bollywood new movies?
Where can I download dhruva Telugu movie in HD?
How much reality is there in the movie Interstellar?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
What kind of performance in acting audition attracts the most to casting directors to get shortlisted?
How do I become a person who selects which movies to be played at the Cannes Film Festival?
Which Indian film industry does Raju Singh work in?
If you could switch the soundtracks of 2 different movies with each other, which movie soundtracks would you switch?
Did Baahubali 2 beat the box office collections of Aamir Khan's Dangal?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
What is your review of Half Girlfriend (2017 movie)?
Which mutants or metahumans from any fictional universe that haven’t been on screen/had little screen time would you like to see portrayed more & why?
Where could I download new Kannada movies without torrent?
Have you ever seen a movie that simultaneously displays subtitles in multiple languages?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for half girlfriend Hindi movie?
Which movies are considered bold in your country?
Who do I contact about a review of a film and book?
How long does it take to film an episode?
Have you ever written a movie script or novel without any planning, just to see where it goes?
What is your favorite movie caption?
Would you please rank the 007 movies from best to worst, including Never Say Never Again?
Why do people insist on calling flight attendants "stewardesses", even on TV and in movies?
Which scenes in Baahubali 2 made you get goose bumps?
Is Joss Whedon directing Justice League? What's up with the recent reshoots with the movie?
Which of the Harry Potter movies are the most and least satisfying adaptations?
What do you think about Sony's coming up movie Venom?
If the MCU Avengers watched Kimi no Na Wa in the cinema, what will they say and think?
What are the best anime series and/or movies I should watch? Only recommend ones you have watched and liked. It should be less than 50 episodes.
Does the USA make the best TV shows/movies in the world? Why or why not?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
How do I write a film treatment for sequels?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
If you could replace an actor in any movie, which movie would it be and who would you play?
What is an audition for a movie like?
As shown in the movie 'Mohenjo Daro,' were the first settlers of the Gangetic plains Harappan people or invading Aryans?
What are your favourite movie and why? Is there any hidden meanings?
What is one Movie you will absolutely love to watch in Cinema hall if released again?
Which parts of 2012 (movie) were correct?
Which elements are necessary for film?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
Who should act as Krishna in the upcoming Mahabharata movie(s) project?
What was the actual motive behind Bel and Genesis's torture game in the movie Knock Knock (2015)?
What do Sri Lankans think about the film Bahubali?
Who are the five tallest characters in Baahubali?
Did Blade Runner's "tears in rain" monologue have a philosophical message behind it?
In the movie Frank, he wears a giant mask because of a condition. What condition is it?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
Have any villages been made famous by movies?
As an American, to what extent can you relate to "The US" as depicted in Hollywood movies?
What is Miller's Planet in Interstellar?
If Bahubali is so great, what about films like Mayabazaar?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
Have are the new theories of management in the last five years?
Is there a way to broadcast video that you are watching on VLC to another person’s computer who is also running VLC so 2 ppl. can watch movies while synced?
Is there a certain way and format to write a movie script, or do you just have to get ideas on paper?
How can I make it to Bollywood?
What percentage of spy work is sort of like the movies? When spy work becomes sort of like the movies, how movie-like does it get?
How can I watch Jadoo High?
Can you tell me a movie that everybody likes but you don't? And why?
Can I make a good movie and launch it in Indian cinemas with 5 cr as the budget?
Why do the Chinese like Dangal, the movie?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
How can Jharkhand have 100% entertainment tax on movies?
Which website gives the latest movie news?
Where can I download Kabali (HD) with English subtitles?
What is the best channel on Roku for old movies?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
Will there be live action sequels to 2010 film "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time"?
Is it true that the new movie Beauty and the Beast was banned in Russia?
What are your thoughts on The Emoji Movie?
Why do you think "Baahubali" got the hype it acquired?
What would have happened if Bahubali 2 and Tubelight released on the same date?
What are the greatest performances of Setsuko Hara?
Can we, will we be able to, upload our conscienceness to a computer like in the movie Transcendence?
Who first made pani puri in India?
Who named the Indian film industry 'Bollywood'?
Why are subtitles not downloaded while downloading movies from Hotstar?
What are the do's and don't's in creating a villain in a movie?
Do you think any Hollywood movies will be made about the Donald Trump Presidency?
Which are the must-watch Hollywood movies from 1990-2017?
What are the best spiritual movies in Hollywood?
What's the best film/developer combo for enlargements?
Do you think hachi is the loveliest movie ever made?
Can you spot the similarities between “Baahubali” movie series and “Kaaviya Thalaivan (Tamil)” movie?
Has your visits to the IMDb website and app decreased since they got rid of the message boards?
Why isn't "Hollywood Reporter" praising Aishwarya Rai's Cannes Film Festival outfit the way "TOI" is doing?
What Asian dramas or movies with gay male characters do you recommend?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
What is the best movie you have ever seen? What did you take advantage of?
Find movie un?
Has an Indian actress dubbed the voice for Saba Qamar in the movie Hindi Medium?
What are the 10 best French-language, made-in-France films from between 2000 and 2015?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
How do I get roles as an actor for plays/movies (anything)?
What is a film critic's/movie buff's reaction to the words "Tyler Perry movie”?
What are your best money/weapon/drugs movies?
What are the best Hollywood movies made on railways background?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
I heard somewhere that most award shows (Emmys, Oscars, etc.) are corrupt? Is this true?
What is an explanation for the ending of "The Vatican Tapes"?
What are your favourite 10/10 Tollywood movies?
Who would you cast as the Bride of Frankenstein in the 2019 remake?
Which movie is better: “Baahubali 2” or “Dangal”?
Now that Extratorrent is gone, where can I find movie releases from releaser groups like DDR, DUS, TeamOS etc?
How is the movie “Zombieland”?
In Bahubali, who is Bhadra's mother?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
How are the names of characters determined for movies and TV?
Is movie.vidmate.mobi safe to download and use? Are there any reviews of its general use?
Am I the only one who feels that some of the scenes in Bahubali 2 are incomplete and imperfect in their execution compared to its prequel?
In Baahubali 2, did Prabhas’ acting show signs of self-importance?
How do I get a role in Bollywood movies?
In the movies and television, why do gangsters, drug dealers and the like have minions that do their dirty work for them?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
Why are there very few new Malayalam movies (released between 2012-2016) available on YouTube?
Are Tamil movies released in Hyderabad in Tamil?
How do movies and TV series get the best ratings on IMDB and popularity among people, even when they contain nude and sex scenes?
Is it possible for a JIPMER student to work in the film industry during a vacation?
Why is Michael Cera such a bad actor?
Is there any movie about Galileo or Copernicus?
Is it better to watch TV series or movies?
Why does Bollywood not make well written/researched commercial movies like 'Sarfarosh' anymore?
In the case of an emergency, like in the Martian movie, how much fuel and time is required to reach Mars via the shortest path?
Movies and TV series depict death as being very quick to come after a single sword cut. Is it possible to die immediately after being cut by a sword?
In Baahubali 1, Baahubali refuses animal sacrifice, but the makers of the movie sacrificed a goat before releasing the film. Why the hypocrisy?
What do psychopaths think about the movie "American Psycho"?
How were old movies colourised?
How do you come up with the characters and plots for your novellas?
As a foreign tourist in India, have you ever acted as an extra in a Bollywood movie? If yes, when and how?
Do actors and actresses really sing in the movies? I recently watched the new live action "Beauty and the Beast" and was amazed by the vocal talent.
What is a fast speed film?
If some deleted scenes are added back to Bahubali 2, will people go back to the theaters just to watch the added scenes?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for half girlfriend Hindi movie?
Why is Diamonds are Forever not more highly regarded when it is clearly the second best Bond movie, after OHMSS?
Now that Baahubali is released, is this the new bench mark for south Asian movie making?
How can I create an amazing script for a movie?
What are the top 10 movies on Netflix?
Do you think that Marathi characters in Bollywood movies are often shown as rural, while almost half of the population of Marathi people live in an urban area?
How many cars got crashed in all Fast and Furious movies?
How dominating are male lead roles in films compared to female lead roles?
What do you think about the new movie Jattu Engineer?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
Have you ever told a talker in a cinema while you were watching a film to STFU?
How do I get movies legally to do critical videos like Nerdwriter or Every Frame a Painting?
Why was Edward Scissorhands treated differently?
Which actor do you think would be best suited for a role as Donad Trump?
Where can I find short film groups to associate with in Hyderabad?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
How do directors shoot compilations in Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch and download the movie Fairy Tail Dragon Cry?
What does Jack Fraser think about the new Star Trek trailer?
Why are dubbed versions of regional cinema released in Hindi with ridiculous titles?
What exactly happened to the humanoid characters in Alien Covenant's flashback scene? Was this event what caused their extinction?
Why do we feel liberated at the end of Shawshank Redemption.How did Frank Darabont achieve that?
What are the shows in the West where Hollywood actors are called for interviews?
Can a music video be classified as a short film?
What is the original Sanskrit meaning of the Maahismati Anthem from Baahubali in English?
In which language is the movie Dangal released in China?
How do I download the movie “Half Girlfriend”?
How can I add subtitles to movies on an iPhone?
Why can’t Jackie Chan be declared as James Bond?
What are the best Russian movies about the Cold War?
Is it hard for an Asian to get roles in Hollywood? If so,why?
Is there an alternate reality as mentioned in sci-fi movies and shows?
Why is it that most Disney films Frank Welker is in, he only does vocal effects?
Why are American girls so sexualized on the media?
Where can I watch “Detective Conan Movie 21″?
What is the most influential movie/film in all of history?
Who stars in the movie Hester Street?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
What formats do actors commonly get dossiers of their characters' in?
How much do top Hollywood costume designers earn per film?
Why are Bahubali movies so overrated?
Are Baahubali 1 & 2 modified versions of the old Kannada movie Mayura (Dr. Rajkumar)?
Why do we love the movie "The Breakfast Club" so much?
Can I use movie quotes in my movie blog?
Who is the dead man and what is his folly in Agatha Christie's Dead Man's Folly?
What movie or movies did Samuel Jackson not yell in?
Where can I download Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch The Seventh Seal (1957) with English subtitles?
In the movie Monster Trucks, how did the creatures not explode?
Is it worthwhile watching Baahubali 2 in 4K, as it may require a minimum viewing distance in a cinema hall?
If you were to make a movie with any actor but the only advertisement the movie would get was the name of the lead actor, who would be your lead?
Dangal has grossed 1500 crores worldwide. How much will Aamir Khan earn as the producer of this film?
Which movie is better, Good Will Hunting or The Blues Brothers?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
Which movies are the most thrilling movies in the 20th century?
Where is the Baby Jen puppet used in The Dark Crystal?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
In which Korean-dubbed films has Korean voice actor Ja-Hyeong Gu voiced Denzel Washington?
In X-Men: Apocalypse, why was Apocalypse betrayed in the start?
Was Star Wars originally meant to promote theocracy and religious extremism?
What is the difference between Bollywood movies and daily soaps now?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
Who does promotion for Bollywood movies?
What does it mean when Spock says that Khan “exhibits 2-dimensional thinking” in “Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan”?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do real ghosts and demons look like their movie counterparts?
In an old classic movie, there were the prank of an office worker, a coffee slogan, and the worker’s friends tricking him into thinking that he won money. Which movie is that?
Is it possible that someone can faint at one shot on his head by a vase or a rod as it happens in movies that the hero hits someone on his head and he is knocked out?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
If all the young Tollywood and Kollywood superstars were to fight each other, who would win, and which particular actor would have the highest kill count?
Where can I watch/download Hindi dubbed English movies online? (paid/free)
Where will Desi Digital Releasers (DDR) post its movies since extratorrent has shut down permanently?
What is the difference between Indian style of Cinema making and that of Hollywood?
What is the most iconic movie house?
What will they do to the costumes used by the cast of a film?
How many people are working in the porn industry as actors? Say, how many starred in a film in the last 6 months?
Which is best update website for movie news?
What is the best anime series/movie ever? Is it Dragon Ball?
Does Alien: Covenant help connect Prometheus to rest of the Alien films?
Is it possible that a movie could hypnotize people?
Most of us know Roger Moore was really the best Bond, but which film was his best in the series?
Is there an app to watch free Harry Potter movies?
Now that Bahubali: The Conclusion has been released, what do you think is a good way to extend the story for part 3?
What is the Chinese opinion on the American film “American Sniper” (2014)?
What's the difference between best screenplay and best picture?
Do movies increase our knowledge?
I am 17. I watched all the Harry Potter movies and I absolutely adore them. Am I too old to read the books? Should I do it?
What is the name of a film about a "club", possibly starring James Spader?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
Is The Shining (1980) the greatest horror movie ever made?
Which is the best and easiest movie download app?
Why are people making such a big deal out of Jennifer Lawrence's strip pole video?
What's your favourite movie based on a novel?
Why is roaring used as a display of strength in movies?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What is a way to find work in the film industry?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
What is a good documentary to watch to learn more about Edward Snowden?
How do I download the full audio track for “Commando 2” movie in Hindi?
Have you seen the film, ‘Sister my Sister, and what did you think of it?
Why are DC movies doing so bad in the box office?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
What was the movie that had a really positive impact on your life?
Do Hollywood movies’ worldwide grosses include China?
What are one or more of your favourite taglines in cinematic history?
What is the track that’s played in the biggest, loudest, craziest party scene from the 2016 Trolls movie?
What made Sivagami egoistic in “Bāahubali 2”?
Is there a website or an app where I can make a list of already watched series and movies?
What is the number one thing that makes a movie good?
How many Guardian of the Galaxy movies do you think there will be, and why?
Which horror novel till date has the best plot?
When will “Baahubali 2” be released in China?
Why do producers and directors make a movie even though they know it’s going to be a massive flop?
Will Lavalantula turn into a film series like Sharknado?
What was James Cameron's reasoning behind the last scene in Titanic with Jack, Rose and everyone clapping?
What is the actor Wilson Bethel doing now?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
What is that quote about cinema being about taking pictures of girlfriends?
Will Baahubali 2 pave the way for erasing the Bollywood-Tollywood differences and for the emergence of a common Indiwood platform??
When will Avatar 2 be released?
Where can I find the correct site to download Armistice (2013 movie)?
What is the total collection of Baahubali 2?
Why is Good Will Hunting so highly rated?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with Hindi audio?
Do Bollywood movies show nudity?
What is your worst Disney movie?
Is there any Harry Potter movie after the last one (Deathly Hallows)?
What are some events that show the true power of the internet?
Have there been instances where movies have tried to show the world a hidden truth subtly in its dialogues?
What are the similarities between Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (2014 movie) and Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017 movie)?
What is the climax of Inception?
How can you decorate a room for a scene in a gangster movie?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
What are some movies with genuine kung fu?
Is there any Indian movie available which may replace Baahubali’s popularity?
If you could turn any arc of The Clone Wars into a full-lengthed live-action, big-budget movie, which would you choose and why?
Why does Kannada cinema fail to compete with neighboring industries? Is there a problem with the quality of the movies, or is it their marketing strategy?
In the movie Baahubali, are there any mysteries unsolved?
Who developed animation films in India?
Did watching Tron give you a headache?
What is the best moment in your life till this date?
Is Doremon Nobita based on a real story?
Where can I download John Cena’s new 2017 movie?
What kind of performance in acting audition attracts the most to casting directors to get shortlisted?
Which actor has the craziest female fan following?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
Why are male choirs used in sinister scenes in movies?
What shows should one watch to get modernized/westernized?
How can I get the movie Baahubali 2?
What is the most terrifying movie you have ever seen?
What are your views on the movie “A Beautiful Mind”?
Is Tamil cinema overrated?
How did Baahubali 2 earn so much money all over the world, despite not being a mainstream Bollywood film and being a regional film?
Where did I get Scooby do in Telugu?
Is the film "Split" a realistic depiction of split personality disorder?
Who do I contact about a review of a film and book?
How can I watch the movie "For the love of Ruth"?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
Do actors own what they buy when shooting a scene that involves shopping?
What are the best movies in 2017?
Being an Indian filmmaking student, how can I land a job in Hollywood production houses?
What are 18+ horror Hollywood films?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
What would they be like if the Baahubali series had been directed by Christopher Nolan?
Who have watched the movie The Shack and what do you think about it?
What is the reason for the movie Suryavansham being aired on Set Max for so long and in so-called regular intervals?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
Which Batmobile would win, Batmobile from Batman v Superman vs Batmobile from Justice League?
What's the name of the movie where Gene Hackman, after much police pressure, falsely confesses to having molested a child?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
How did they control the balloon in the 1956 movie, "The Red Balloon" directed by Albert Lamorisse?
If you could rewrite or edit BvS or add more films before it, how would you do that?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
Will the Harry Potter movies suffer more criticism over time for the lack of diversity in the cast?
Yesterday (23rd May 2017) Sir Roger Moore sadly departed this world, aged 89. What are your favourite Roger Moore TV/movie moments?
Where can I get the Sarrainodu movie (2016) in Hindi?
What is the name of an animated movie about human history with Mr White?
What did you feel after watching Joker Tamil movie?
How did sound film impact the 1920s?
What are the best spiritual movies?
Is it possible to team up with Steven Spielberg to make a cartoon?
Which similar plot movies were released within a span of 5-6 years and were both successful?
What skills are required for creating an animated movie?
How can I find an inexpensive screenwriter for my micro budget film?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu movies filled with overacting (dialogues), objectifying women and extreme heroism?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
What’s a movie that absolutely petrified you?
How do I download Hindi movie bàhubali 2?
What would your reaction be if Forrest Gump got transferred into your squad?
Which is the most genuine website for movie reviews or ratings?
What are some violent PG 13 movies?
Has the image of SS Rajamouli improved considerably after the success of Baahubali 2?
In the movie Silence, since Andrew Garfield apostatized their Lord, why did he still have the Jesus symbol with him in the end of the movie?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
If actors play a double role, will they get paid twice the amount, just asking?
What were stoners’ best ever highdeas?
The movie Inferno is real life. Instead of saving them from the plague, it is released into the world. Does this actually create a better world?
What was the clever clue the villains planted in an attempt to lure Batman into a trap, thus rescuing Bruce?
Will they ever defeat Thanos in a Marvel movie? If so, who will defeat him?
Is Tiger Shroff capable of playing an intense character like Rambo?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
What is a genuine website for Tollywood collections of movies?
Who do you think is the winner between Bahubali and Dangal?
Why did everyone hate the film "The Last Airbender" so much?
Does Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood" remind you of Dave Brubeck's style?
Is this the proper way to film a gunshot explosion in a film?
What are some Hollywood movies with the most ridiculous Hindi Dubbing?
Did Russians enjoy the movie Red Dawn?
What are the best action Hollywood movies?
Do you have to be a Christian to be in a Christian movie?
How do I download movies in HD?
What do people from India think of Leonardo DiCaprio?
Is Blade Runner 2049 (2017) going to be any good?
Where is that tree location pictured in the "Sanam Teri Kasam" movie?
Is the footage from war documentaries from the actual situation, or do they mix everything up to fit the story?
What are notable depictions of sibling negotiations in film or literature?
Is there a movie I can watch?
What books or series of films have relationships that are similar to Cassie and Sid’s relationship in ‘Skins’?
How does having sex for a film affect your feelings as an actress?
How do movies make close up throat cutting scenes look so real?
Do you think Heath Ledger could have acted as Bane?
Is it true Hollywood is working on a remake of "Red Dawn" as “Red Trump,” and Charlie Sheen will return as Patrick Eckert?
Is the Kannada movie "Hollywood" a good Indian movie, considering its release date?
What is the one movie you'd suggest to someone who is really depressed?
How should I download the Marathi movie, Anvat, from the internet?
What's with all the movies that are adapted from books? Are they always bad to those who read the novel beforehand?
Why are Fast and Furious movies still being made, and why are they grossing so much?
Why are so many films these days directed by two people?
Where was the name Kaliyuga derived from?
Why do low-budget movies not get enough credit in Indian cinemas?
Can I really have skills like a special agent in the movies, let's say Jason Bourne?
What is the best Online Movies site in Brazil?
How do I sell a story to Hollywood?
Where would the Fast and Furious franchise be today if Paul Walker was still alive?
Which is the comedy Bollywood movie that contains this dialogue "kesi behki behki baate karr rahe ho"?
What movie had the biggest impact on you and why?
Why should we watch film?
What are some movies about writing jobs?
How can I download a movie on mobile with less size?
Is a movie about Sachin Tendulkar necessary?
Why was the accident shown twice in the Vellipomaakey song?
How do TV and cinema compare as forms of entertainment?
Do any of you guys think all of the Harry Potter movies are connected somehow?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
Is Willow: A Short Story by Alice Rachel based on a true story?
What is the beneficial thing of having film actors (not theatre) in a country?
Why are British actors used so often in roles that are of different nationalities?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
What is the most underrated thing about Bollywood?
What is it like to imagine yourself in the body of a character/actor when you are watching a film and relating to other characters in the film?
Is there any platform where I can get in touch with trained short film directors in Hyderabad for my channel?
Which is the best psychological Indian movie?
If someone asked you to watch only one movie every day, which movie would you choose?
Which is the best Punjabi movie in 2017?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
How do professional filmmakers feel about YouTube movie reviewers with large followings?
What are the best 2D animated comedy films?
What do you think is the future of VFX in Indian cinema, with great films like Bahubali 2.0 and Bahubali? Can it compete with Hollywood in the coming times?
When Europeans dub English language films, do they use particular accents? How about Japanese and Chinese films?
Where can I download the Shehanai audio that is played at the end of the Jaykara/Dandalaya song in the Baahubali 2 movie?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Are stunt cars that were used in movies street legal?
When will any Indian film cross $1 billion?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
Where can I download the movie Dhoom 2?
Which is the best Disney movie in Hindi dubbed?
Would acting in movies be a good job?
How is Dangal a Muslim movie and Baahubali a Hindu movie?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
In Secret Window, who didn't feel sorry for Mort’s wife Amy when he killed her and her boyfriend Ted?
If cartoons are remade into live action movies, why are there no live action movies remade into cartoons?
Why are most filmmakers of TV and film documentaries about animals, science, religion, history, geography, etc., European, Australian, American, New Zealander, and Russian?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
Which is the best website to download Hollywood movies in HD?
What are some of the best apps for download newly released Hollywood movies?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What are the facts that took Baahubali beyond the expectations?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
It is weird to go to a cinema alone late at night?
Would Luke still be as valuable to Darth Vader and the Emperor if his last name weren't Skywalker?
Who could get me a list of inspiring movies?
Where can I watch New Girl with English subtitles?
In your opinion, what is the best score written for a movie?
What do I learn in Lagaan, the Indian movie?
Can autistic people become screenwriters?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest movies and TV series?
Do I need to know the actual story of Dunkirk evacuation before watching the movie?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
Have you done voice-over in any famous movies or series?
Do you think Julie Walters could be the greatest British actress of all time?
What is Bahubali 2 earnings?
Why are only a few scenes in IMAX films shot with IMAX cameras?
Where can I watch the Naruto movies dubbed in English?
What does a script for a porno movie look like?
Where can I find a movie producer for a story that I have? I'd like to make the story into a short movie. How much do you think it will cost?
What are the softwares, that are used to create the movie, Zootopia?
Why is the “Nayak” movie of Anil Kapoor always showing on Zee Cinema?
Where can I get Hindi dubbed versions of Tamil cult movies like Nayagan, Thalapathi etc.?
After the Baahubali movie, is Indian​ cinema famous across the world?
What are the impacts on US citizens after watching movies like Snowden, Concussion, etc.?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Where can I see a trailer for the new abc show for the people?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
How often are movies remade by different studios?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
Do directors in Hollywood say 'Light, Camera, Action'?
How far is the movie about Pulikecei true? Is he really the Tughlaq of South India?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
Even just for watching Blu-ray or even DVD movies, does a dedicated graphic card still give a better video performance than the internal graphic chip?
What are Tamil actor Vijay's best movies?
How do I create dual audio movies in CyberLink or Wondershare?
How is medieval sword fighting different than on medieval movies?
Why have Tim Burtons movies deteriorated in quality in recent years?
Which actor/actress do you think is great but keeps on getting mediocre roles?
Which are the movie dowloading/streaming sites banned in Germany? Does anyone know if DDLValley is legal or not?
Who are some of the on-screen mothers of Bollywood?
Which will be better, 3GB Web-DL version or 3GB BRRip, if both are encoded by the same guy?
How many actors have released actual nude videos?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
Can a NVIDIA Shield TV play all movie formats and subtitle files?
How come Dangal made so much money in China, without any promotional events at least?
What movies do you think are a must watch?
If a biopic on Rahul Dravid is ever made, who should play him?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
How many coins are in John Wick’s suitcase?
Is the Hindi movie “Dangal” such a runaway hit with the Chinese audience?
Are there any 2-disc editions of the extended versions of The Hobbit films? As in, just the films, no other bonus discs.
Suppose Baahubali 3 was to be made with a budget of 500 crores. Can Rajamouli raise the amount from a share market, for a movie?
Why is Hollywood sexually liberal?
Is it only me or anyone out there who thinks the Sachin movie trailer falls flat?
How many times can you watch a horror movie until the horror wears off?
Which is better? The Baahubali duology or The Lord of The Rings trilogy? Why?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
What's best way to download the latest movies?
This summer is predicted to be an all time low for blockbuster box-office. Are Hollywood tentpoles just getting stale?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
How do I get a script in front of Angeline Jolie?
What have some of the Hollywood directors done for earning money before they became famous?
What are your views on the movie Maroon (2016), and its ending?
Why is musical not a popular movie genre as it used to be?
How is the 300 movie?
Are actor Jeffrey Tambor and Marvel Studio's Head Kevin Feige connected to each other? They look like twins!
In Star Wars: A New Hope (1977), what would have happened if the droids’ escape pod had been destroyed?
What was the name of the dish that Kangana Ranaut's character "Rani" ordered in the movie 'Queen' after which she vomited?
Which upcoming Netflix movies/TV series are you most excited about?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
Why shouldn't I be discouraged to become a filmmaker?
Are Bollywood movies famous in China?
Do south Indian movies have better stories and comedic timing than north Indian movies?
How are graphics different from animation in movies?
What do you think about the video "boyfriend" from the movie "Raabta"?
Is New York as great as films and TV make it out to be? And where did all the hype come from?
What makes getting into Hollywood so hard?
When does “The Princess Bride” take place?
How are bilingual movies like Baahubali shot so that they are able to replicate the scenes in the other language as well?
What are some movies, books, plays, etc. about the struggles of Muslim women?
What are some best sites for downloading Hollywood movies in HD?
Why shouldn't we take Afghanistani actors instead of Pakistani actors?
Why do Bollywood movies have the same names?
In what movie did Arnold Schwarzenegger say "So why am I still alive?"
What are Christopher Nolan's strengths and weaknesses in his career?
Is “Jeepers Creepers” a scary movie?
Who is the most famous British film producer of all time?
Who is the worst movie actor, who is considered a star?
Is Baahubali 2 a good film?
Who could be the best cast if Malayalam movie "Premam" is remade in Hindi?
The movie “Hindi Medium” has given a strong message, but is it practical in the real world?
Where can I watch (or download) the Sleuth (1972) movie?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
Is Logan the most realistic movie set in the future?
Why is Loki's character so complex?
Why was the movie No Smoking heavily panned by the critics?
Is there a possibility that Bahubali and Magadheera share the same universe?
What is your review on Lahoriye?
How do I download or watch the new Indian movie Half Girlfriend 2017 online?
Who are the best aunties of Bollywood?
Where can I download the audio track for the movie "Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya"?
Can you recommend to me good teen movies or movies that are about life in school?
Why are so many television shows and movies produced in Georgia?
What is the best action and adventure show on Netflix right now?
What does Stan Lee do with his money?
Which is the most direct movie on enlightenment?
Is Moana based on Maori culture?
If you had to choose just one movie for a new president, which one would it be, and why?
What is the most horrifying true story?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
How do I get work as a Grip on a film or TV set?
How do the film stars behave at their home?
What song is in the trailer for Alien:Covenant (2017)?
How do actors behave if, after watching the opening of their film, they find that it is horrible? Do most actors see the whole film, or just some clips before the opening?
Alien: Covenant (2017 movie), what do you think happened between David and Elizabeth Shaw?
Where do actors stay in Cannes?
If cricketers were cast in Bollywood movies, who would star in what?
Where can I get Bollywood new movies?
How can I watch movies on my TV from my phone?
What are Jason Bourne's (movie) personality traits?
Does the Force only exist within the Star Wars Galaxy?
What do you want to see in a movie (+- 1 minute) that promotes the traditional Italian coffee culture?
Did Johnny Fontane have a bigger role in the novel than in the movie?
Is there an example of a complicated scene that failed to shoot because of its complexity?
If you could switch the soundtracks of 2 different movies with each other, which movie soundtracks would you switch?
In "Alien: Covenant", how was David superior to Walter?
With several story ideas for screenplays, should I write the treatment first or just dive into the screenplay? And why am I so terrified to start?
How would you fix the Star Wars prequels?
Did Baahubali 2 beat the box office collections of Aamir Khan's Dangal?
Did Marvel fans like the Dark Knight series?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies?
Was it ever explicitly stated how the Star Wars prophecy was told?
Who won the best film award in 2016?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
What is the surname of Baahubali in the movie?
What are your thoughts on Tom Hardy playing Venom?
Are there any horror movies that have a serious theme?
Do you know about any school shootings inspired by movies?
What are some of the best looks from Cannes Film Festival 2017?
Why do some actors choose to go uncredited in movies?
Is there any way I can remove this arrow-like mark randomly appearing in a movie?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
Why was Pete Postlethwaite regarded as a great actor?
What is the best HD movie downloading site?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
Why do I feel weird after watching an anime for the first time?
What is the perfect title for a short film based on the awareness of youngsters?
Why is the movie Battleship Potemkin considered propaganda?
Where can I watch Arrow online, without any signup?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
Why did Mahendra Bahubali take an oath in the name of Rajmata Shivgami Devi during the coronation, while his mother is Devasena? Is it a Hindi dubbing mistake?
What do you like about movies?
How many cinemas do Ethiopians have?
Where can I find Gujarati movies and drama?
In how many Indian movies has Shahid Afridi been mentioned? What movies are they?
Will the upcoming movie 'Tiger Zinda Hai' save Katrina's career?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Who's a better film director, Clint Eastwood or Martin Scorsese?
How did you feel about Ghostbusters (2016)? Many people didn't like that the cast was all female.
Is there any movie in Tamil that is better than Raavanan?
Should I worry about what age I "make it" in the entertainment industry as a writer, comedian, filmmaker, or actor? I fear that the age you make it at, matters.
Why are Republican actors essentially getting blacklisted in Hollywood?
If ExtraTorrent gets shut down permanently, what would be an alternative source to download Hindi-dubbed Hollywood movies?
What if Salman Khan starred in and as Bahubali?
If Prabhas is cast in a lead role in Mahabharata (a.k.a. Randam Ooozham), which role would best suit him? Why?
Is the Baahubali movie vaguely based on Chandragupta Maurya?
Why do synthetics (androids) in the Alien universe grow hair?
What is an example of a good documentary where the main scenes are of the narrator?
What's the last movie you paid money to see and didn't regret afterwards?
What are best horror and action movies of Hollywood to watch on YouTube free of cost?
What are the top 20 must watch movies of all time?
What are some of the best time-travelling movies you have seen? Would you recommend them to everyone who loves these kinds of movies?
What are the signs that prove that Bahubali 3 will be released?
In the end of the movie 'The Prestige' which Borden survived?
Which is the most racial product ever made?
Which are some movie characters where a petite old woman is actually very tough?
Where can I download Star Wars 8 right now (and what do you think about it)?
What is the difference between "Films" and "Movies" when we use these words to denote cinema?
Will a biopic ever be made on a common person?
What is the path to becoming an actor in movies?
What do you think are the flaws in Kiccha Sudeep's film career?
How can I download a movie of small size (400-500 MB) from mobile?
Where can I download Bollywood movies for free?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
If Shah Rukh Khan is the biggest movie star in the world, then why don't his movies break the all-time collection records?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
What assets does film hero Shobanbabu have?
Why are mainstream films so average these days? Hear me out.
Which are the most expensive movies ever produced in India amongst all time?
Is it normal for a child to watch a movie over and over again without getting bored?
What are the great movies that were made on the basis of psychology, a quest for the meaning of life, love, travel around the world, etc.?
Why do horror movies or television shows have sexual themes?
Why do Hindi movies dominate if the theater count in South India is much larger?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
How do producers collect money from cinemas?
If the trailer in the description was real, would you watch the movie?
What do you think about movies about the Holocaust, especially Schindler's List and The Pianist?
Who is the real hero of the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
How can I become an actor in the Tamil cinema in a hero’s role?
Why is everyone in the movies such a horrible shot?
What could have prompted Autumn Snyder, the loving daughter of one of the most famous directors of the world, Zack Snyder, to commit suicide?
What is the name of the song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene, where Toretto was with his wife in the room?
Why do some people think that Sangamithra is going to be an utter flop?
Why does almost, if not every, movie have a black and white checkered floor in it somewhere? Many TV shows have that floor, too.
Which is better; Blade Runner, Akira, or The Matrix?
What's your review on the movie Meera (1979)?
Does watching movies with English subtitles help people learn English and develop listening skills?
How will a Star Wars TV series surrounding the events of KoTOR be received?
What are the reasons behind the huge success of Bahubali 2?
What is your favorite film series?
Will there be another part of Bahubali after the 2nd one? I saw a book of Bahubali that was based on ancestors of Amerendra Bahubali.
If you ever make a movie, what genre would it be?
Where I can buy the cap Arjun (Dulquer Salman) wears in the Bangalore Days movie? It's more like a beanie but open on both the ends.
Is it a bad idea to watch Star Wars in episodic order? Would that make one like Star Wars less?
How irresponsible are Fun Cinemas people?
Will La La Land be the last truly amazing movie musical?
What's the 70s movie where a second rate rodeo cowboy is hitch hiking and meets a girl in a Cadillac convertible?
Did they use a real tiger in the Life of Pi movie?
Which movie is very suspicious?
How much does it cost to make a movie theater?
What is the latest movie series?
If some American series are neither broadcasted in my country nor subtitled in Netflix, how am I supposed to watch them legally?
Who thinks Aliens (1986) is a bad movie, or at least overrated?
Which movie made you to change and how?
Which is best website to download Hollywood movies in dual language and in HD?
Has someone won an Oscar for an action movie?
What are the best lines from any movie?
What was the quality of Malayalam movies released between 2000-2010? Were they really better than other South Indian language movies as they are now?
Can I watch my downloaded movies on Chromecast?
Star Wars: Did Vader ever laugh after being put in his suit?
Which part of the “Baahubali” story would you change and why?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
What kind of religions exist in Star Wars?
What is the status the Gambit movie from Fox?
What was the collection till yesterday of Baahubali 2?
Are all of the people in the movie Suicide Squad DC?
What's so Indian about the movie series Baahubali?
Which one provides the best Tollywood gossip?
Was there a dearth of good horror movies in the 1990s?
Why is the Hindi version of Drishyam so different?
What is Ridley Scott's opinion on James Cameron's Aliens?
What are the best English social movies?
Can Gordon Miller watch a film and work? I read that he has ADD and he’s able to multitask very well.
Which is the worst movie you paid to watch in this year?
Is there any app to download movies?
What was the quote at the end of Fast and Furious 7?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
How likely are we to create artificial intelligence like in the movies (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ex Machina)?
In the Silence movie, when Andrew Garfield apostatized against their Lord, why in the end of the movie did he still have Jesus’ symbol?
What role is Ice Cube suitable for in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
How can I watch any Hollywood movie with subtitles for free?
Are there any movies directed in Pak which are India friendly, like the way we have Bajrangi, Veer-Zaara, and Happy Bhaag Jayegi? Haters stay away.
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What or how many movies was John Wayne was named Duke?
Why do people say that Vin Diesel is a bad actor? Is he a bad actor? Does he play his roles in a dumb way?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
In The Dark Knight, how does Batman have such great plot armor, but then his back is suddenly broken by Bane in The Dark Knight Rises?
Is there a more bitterly ironic statement at the end of a movie than the words at the very end of My Own Private Idaho’s “Have a Nice Day”?
Have you ever been into a film like scenario?
What is the role of Coke in the preparation of silicon?
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
What is the highest grossing Hindi movie in Tamilnadu?
Why are films about Batman way more popular or successful than films about Spiderman?
Why does Mahendra Bahubali strip Avantika?
Is there any chance that extended version DVDs of the Baahubali duology will be released in the near future?
What is one of the biggest flops in history?
How can I download an HD version of the movie Baahubali 2?
The new 3D effects in movies have been added to movies not originally filmed in 3D. Can the new 3D be added to old 3D movies from the ‘50s and ‘60s?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
Why is there no movie based on the novel Call of the Wild in the 21st century?
What is the problem of some Egyptians with the best actor of their country, Adel Imam?
What are your five favorite movies and why did they make such a impression on you?
Is there a comic book or novel prequel to the movie “X-Men: Days of Future Past”?
Was the Warren story a report or a transcription from Alice in Wonderland?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
Is the Hollywood film industry a sophisticated CIA front?
I recently watched The Guardians of the Galaxy 2 after reading some negative reviews that, I think, were baseless.Can someone with the same view help?
How can I distribute my independent film?
Which are SRK’s good movies?
Is the new Harry Potter movie going to arrive in 2018?
What is the starting budget for a community movie theater in Toronto and Berlin?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
Where can I watch Sholay 3D?
Why do Malayalees like Tamil movies?
What animation software was used in the Baahubali movie?
Is the 1991 remake of the movie “A Kiss Before Dying” better than the original one (1956)?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
Why didn’t the movie “Hamari Adhuri Kahani” hit box office?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
Why is the whole Bollywood silent with the success of Bahubali 2?
In the end of the movie IT, how can a powerful ancient creature be killed by being hit with a rock and then toppled to the side like a cow?
Where was the movie Bahubali made?
How do I watch the movie, Partner, online?
How do script writers quantify if a script is 'beyond the budget constraints' of a given movie?
Will Superman return in the next Justice League movie?
Does a movie being good or bad affect the nomination of its individual parts for an Oscar?
What's the best successful ads in the movies?
What is the phone used in John Wick 2?
Is a degree needed for becoming a filmmaker?
In how many films have Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan worked together?
What are upcoming Hindi movies in August 2017?
Why have some Bollywood singers shifted from Bollywood to South Indian films to Ad films?
Can you suggest the top 5 movies that are able to motivate a student?
Which film will you watch this weekend: Half Girlfriend or Hindi Medium?
When popular music is used in movies, would it be "used with permission"?
What specific parts of Braveheart are accurate?
Can I kiss my girlfriend inside a movie theater?
Why do I seem to enjoy films of the 80s and 90s as compared to the 2000s and 2010s?
What do we get out of the movie "Hindi Medium"?
Which other South movie is loved in the North other than the “Baahubali” series?
When will we ever see a canon novelization of the prequel trilogy of Star Wars?
Who is the worst female protagonist in a Tollywood movie?
Where was the movie Rebellious Flower shot?
Where can I learn filmmaking and screenwriting online for free (with links, if possible)?
How do I start a website that streams new movies and sitcoms legally?
Which movie do you think you shouldn't have watched?
Can you think of films where one character is an idealist and the other is cynical/skeptical, and their roles are reversed halfway through?
In Logan, why did Laura's guardian try to find Logan?
What is one observation you made but nobody has mentioned so far on Quora about Baahubali 2?
Who is the best actor in Tamil cinema, ajith or Vijay?
Are dangal box office figures in China real?
In the event of an apocalyptic breakdown of a government, would society truly devolve to chaos as we see predicted in movies & books?
Indian movies are not thought-provoking. Do you subscribe to that view?
How do you get subtitles on online videos?
Before YouTube was invented; could you watch movie trailers online?
Why are homosexuals shown always as a caricature in Bollywood movies?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
Seeing his performance in Masaan and Aankhon Dekhi, can we say that Sanjay Mishra is a better actor than Naseeruddin Shah or Om Puri?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
What is your opinion on superhero movies being one of the most popular genres right now?
What are some of the Bollywood movies based on goal setting?
Are all foreign movies required to be dubbed in Japanese cinemas?
Why should the so called Bollywood stars be paid a fortune for displaying their vulgarity on the big screen?
What punch dialogue is very much famous in North Indian movies?
What are some good movies about Hollywood actors besides Mulholland Drive?
How does Tarantino feel about Christopher Nolan?
What scenes in the 2016 Disney film Zootopia does Rich Moore direct?
How can I rip and put DVD movies on Nabi tablets?
Is it possible for the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" to actually happen?
What are your favourite 10/10 Bollywood movies?
What is the difference between documentary and docudrama?
Since Baahubali is made in two languages, Tamil and Telugu, does it mean that all of the scenes were shot twice?
Is there any other song similar/related to Tujhse Naraaz Nahi Zindagi from the movie Masoom?
What is the movie 'Fantastic Beasts' about, and how is it related to Harry Potter?
Was the Malayalam movie Urumi as appreciated as it should have been?
What is the best free website for streaming Hindi movies?
What is the butter flavoring at the movie theaters made of?
What is bad acting?
Which video game based movies do we hope to see in the future?
How do they make actors/actresses look so good?
What are the best world movies torrent sites to download?
Is it true in China you can download recent western movies legally and for free?
What are the best websites for Tollywood cinema?
Who are the top 10 Hollywood actors of all time?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Will X-23 appear in X-Men: The New Mutants (2018)?
Do movie film crews get boners when shooting a sexy scene?
How did David defeat Walter in Alien: Covenant? Wasn't Walter an updated version?
What is the best African movie you've ever seen?
Do you think there's a chance for a sequel for Spider-Man: Homecoming?
Can you tell me where can I download Nana Patekar’s movie 'Prahaar'?
What is the musical instrument used at 48:40 in the movie "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi (2013)"?
What is your favourite thing about hunting?
How does an actor/actress' partner feel about them regularly having to kiss other people?
What are some things that you love about avant-garde films?
Are 3D glasses included?
What did you like about A Dog's Purpose?
What films have the theme, "the same day recurs when the actor/actress awakes"?
Which is the best website for downloading all types of movies?
The way Hollywood depicts the CIA, is it somewhat realistic at all?
Why did Netflix remove ratings?
What are some songs on Lord Shiva featured in movies of any language (something like Kochadaiyaan and Bahubali)?
Am I the only one who thinks Baahubali 2 is overrated and over hyped?
Are Indian people very excited for the movie "Sachin: A Billion Dreams"?
What was the first Disney film to feature closing credits?
Which movies would fans of "The Mask" (1994) like?
Why do established actors sometimes do nonsensical movies?
Can I use a movie logo if I'm buying tickets for it?
Why didn't Weyland Utani send a bunch of Walters instead of a human crew?
Where can I find out more about the movie Interstellar?
What's your favorite innuendo?
If you could change one thing about your favourite movie/game/book, etc., what would it be?
Are Indians films being shot in Pakistan?
Is it advisable to watch English movies and listen to English songs to learning English?
If you could change anything about Star Wars: The Force Awakens, what would you change and why?
Is it true there will be another movie like the Suicide Squad?
Which mutants or metahumans from any fictional universe that haven’t been on screen/had little screen time would you like to see portrayed more & why?
Have you seen any movies about the Vietnam war? How true-to-life are they?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
Where could I download new Kannada movies without torrent?
What secrets has the River Thames not released yet?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
What are Roger moore’s 10 most popular films?
Have you ever seen a movie that simultaneously displays subtitles in multiple languages?
What movies should I watch to improve my British English?
Has anyone watched the movie 'The Story of O’? What do you think about it?
How is 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun' the biggest hit of Indian cinema when adjusted for inflation?
What do you feel about the theory that James Bond is a code name used by multiple people?
What are some movies or books related to being single? (Like 500 days of summer)?
Which movies are considered bold in your country?
What is the English song used in OK Jaanu (Hindi movie) during the wedding scene at the church?
Why is there a sense of urgency in movies where they can travel through time?
What movies have Marvel actors Co-starred in together outside of the MCU?
Did you enjoy Moana?
What are the best websites to upload a subtitle file for a short film?
Where can I find a complete list of songs from the movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword?
What are the strangest, weirdest movies ever made?
Are Bollywood movies released in English abroad?
Which Indian director has directed the most number of films?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
Baahubali is as much a Tamil film as it is a Telugu film. Why do people refer to Baahubali as a Telugu film?
What did you learn from the movie Arya 2 (Allu Arjun)?
In BAHUBALI 2 why the director does not show the heroes training for fight? Is he forgot about it or what?
How would you rank the MCU film villains?
How do I download the Marathi movie Anvat?
Which actors and actresses deserve the accolades if there were no politics in the Academy Awards (or any awards)?
What is the best dialogue/speech in recent films?
What is the name of the Spanish song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene where Toretto and his wife were in their bedroom?
How did The Secret movie/book change your life? Any real life experiences?
The Martian has a good story line, but does the movie skip over explanations just for entertainment?
Do actors ever actually ask directors 'What's my motivation?'?
What happened at the end of Lost?
Why are the X-Men movies so poor compared to the Marvel movies?
What are some movies that have "too much action" to you?
Who is the best actor for Dhoom 4?
What is the meaning of the dialogue 'No means no' from the movie Pink?
Which cinema hall has a box in Kolkata?
Do you have own movie theater in your home for your family only?
Why, in the Wizard of Oz film, does nobody see Dorothy as a killer?
Do actors go into acting because of fame/attention?
How do I greenlight the next Cloverfield sequel?
Is there any app to download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
In what order should I watch Haikyuu?
What should happen in the Batgirl movie?
Which movie would you recommend to watch for improving English speaking?
How many MB would it take to watch a normal Bollywood movie?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is your favorite book/movie/TV show?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
Why didn’t the police search for Andy Dufresne after he escaped from Shawshank?
Which elements are necessary for making a film?
Does diplomacy always win in real life?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
In which movies was John Wayne named Duke?
What is the dish that Aamir Khan and Preity Zinta have in a scene in Singapore in the movie Dil Chahta Hai?
In which film does Michael Clarke Duncan act as a gangleader and participate in a game of killing other gang leaders?
How late into post-production was the title "Revenge of the Jedi" still being used for Star Wars VI?
Where can I find somebody to reenact the scene from the Wolf of Wall Street where Naomi talks about not wearing underwear?
If a stalker that was harassing an actor/actress and got a restraining order, would he or she be allowed to watch the films that the victim was in?
Will there be a spin off movie for The Lord of the Rings?
Which quality should I prefer while downloading movies or any videos from the internet?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
Is the story of Shin Chan true?
What is the language of the film Sachin Tendylkar?
What is your favorite part of the movie Up?
When dubbing was introduced to India, what was the first thing to get dubbed?
When a film has 10 producers, do they expect different things or the same thing from the film?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Where would Roger Moore rank among the actors who played James Bond?
Is the work atmosphere shown in the movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” accurate?
Could the Men in Black (1997 movie) defeat the Chitari invasion from the Avengers (2012)?
Do you think Logan (2017) deserves an Oscar or at least a nomination?
How does a guy enter the adult film industry?
Are there any movies that explore what life would’ve been like for family and friends if the protagonist never existed?
Do you have the Hindi dubbed version of the Telugu movie Happy Days?
Can somebody tell me from where I can download the Armistice (2013) movie?
Name some films which would have been much better with a different director and explain why?
When are new movies added to Hotstar?
On what basis are the prices of movie tickets fixed?
What makes films to win Oscars?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
Can we watch the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales with the whole family?
How would Yareal Poof's story, the Robot Chicken version, fit into Star Wars canon?
Which takes more man-hours, an animated film or a non-animated film?
If Warner Brothers bought the movie rights to Spider-Man from Sony, could they use him in a movie with Batman and other DC characters?
What would the Star Wars Rebels characters look like if it was live action?
How was the movie 'Half Girlfriend'?
How many people like the film Baahubali 2?
What is the best ever torrent site to download any movie or app?
Are WWE matches real or fake? I have heard from many guys that it is scripted and shot like a film shoot.
Does Russia have any Red Dawn type movies showing an American invasion?
If the original trilogy films were like samurai films, then what are the prequels and new trilogy films?
How do I get my screenplay made in the Tamil film industry?
Which is the best website for downloading Hollywood and Bollywood movies in HD?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
Is The Godfather the greatest movie ever?
Why is the language used in movies hard to understand?
Is Bahubali 2 the greatest movie in Indian cinema?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
What became of Lion's Saroo's 2 brothers, Mantosh and Sadhu? The film doesn't answer that.
Which is the best Kolkata movie theatre: Inox Quest or Cinepolis Acropolis?
What dictated the seemingly inflated talent fees of Hollywood actors? Why does an average movie cost millions of dollars to make?
How do you feel about a Deadpool/moonknight team up Marvel movie?
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What are the best incest movies, like the Taboo series?
What scene in a movie has the most gunfire blasting?
What are some of the must watch English, Hindi, and Bengali movies that people don't know about?
What lessons does Baahubali offer other than being the biggest blockbuster ever?
What is the best James Bond movie to which to introduce kids to the films?
What is the title of the Woody Allen movie in which a Jewish character listens to Hitler speeches?
Which is the best website to watch online Telugu movies?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
Has anyone not watched Baahubali 1?
What do you think about the ending of Alien: Covenant?
Can we play Blu-Ray movies or 1080p movies on a Lenovo Yoga Tab 3?
Is Don Johnson a good or bad actor?
What happened with the INS Vikrant (R11)?
Does anyone recognize the beauty of the first frame of “Guardians of the Galaxy” on the IMAX 3D screen, where Ego's character drove off of the fields?
What are your favourite rom-com movies?
How do they make cartoon films?
Do you also think Tom Hardy was a better actor than Leonardo Dicaprio in The Revenant?
Why does the media not give as much attention to the Bahubali stars as compared to the attention received by the Bollywood actors and actresses?
What makes Daniel Craig appalling as James Bond?
How many polycount per character is reasonable for making pre-rendered 3D movie?
How do Star Wars gravity generators work?
In the film industry, is the best boy a gaffer or a (key) grip?
Where can I watch free Hindi TV series and movies ​online (Web Plus app)?
Why is John Wick such a kick ass movie?
What are some must watch movies like those of Takovsky's?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Assuming it was properly licensed, would it be better for the web as a whole for people to stream a Netflix movie or download via torrents?
Will anybody talk of the duration 00:58:57 to 01:01:03 of Baahubali: The Beginning movie?
How can I download bahubali 2 full movie in HD?
Why are Christians trying to ban books and movies like Harry Potter and His Dark Materials from the general public?
What are your reasons for not liking Hollywood?
Doesn’t all of this introverted intuition and INFJ stuff resemble a movie about Stephen King's book, 1408?
What would be some great ideas for a Zootopia sequel?
Why does Hollywood talk about Mexico in American movies a lot?
What is the journey of the movie industry in the US?
Which movie did you enjoy watching the most in a theater?
Are there movies depicting real martial arts?
What are some good movies in which the good guy doesn't win?
Why did the Chinese love the “Dangal” movie?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever watched?
Why does Brad Pitt only make war movies?
What is your review of “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” (2017 movie)? Is the mage in the movie related to Merlin?
Is it possible for Pixar to ever make a live-action movie?
Will I most likely be successful if I major in film production?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
I am very interested in bringing back the "movie palace" cinema, how should I go about that?
Where can I download the Bollywood movie “Khamosh” (1985)?
Why is it considered to be a bad thing for people who are rich or influential to finance their own movies?
Are film actors given too much intellectual space in India?
Are there any movies in Hollywood and Bollywood which is based on a narcissist?
Which Hollywood actresses sleep with directors and producers?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
Why are films such an effective way of conveying significant themes and ideas?
What are some trivia about one of your favourite movies?
Why can't India make more innovative films? Is SS Rajamouli the only innovator India has?
What happens at the end of the movie The Words?
One of my friend used torrent to download a movie. Is he in trouble?
Guys, we all know that we can download newly released Hindi and English movies from torrent sites. But how can I get newly released Bengali films?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for Hindi movies?
Who is the second attacker in the movie, Memento?
Why did Turner fall in love with the mermaid?
When will they make the sequel to Bladerunner, or “Bladerunner 2”?
While shooting sex scenes in Asian movies, do the actresses actually get naked?
Why has Bahubali 2 become a blockbuster movie?
How would King Kong treat regular gorillas?
Does becoming an adult film actor/porn star can interfere with my professional movie/film acting?
What are some really brilliant ambient or electronic film scores?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
Will there be a brand new Spider-Man in the upcoming Venom Movie or no Spider-Man at all since this new Spiderverse is not related to the MCU?
What did you learn from the Steve Jobs movie?
How many Indian actress worked in Hollywood?
What's the best way to improve the cinematography in my films?
What is your most favorite European sci-fi film?
What is the Pirates of the Caribbean chronology?
Are the conditions of actresses in the Bollywood film industry accurate to as they are portrayed in the Spotlight web series & Heroine movie?
Is it better renting movies from Redbox than buying them?
Are some war strategies and fighting techniques shown in the Bahubali movie series copied from other movies?
What do you think about the character of Divyanka Tripathi, a popular television actress?
What are some Disney cartoon movies which we will love to see?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
Is the character of Bahubali in the movie inspired by Arvind Kejriwal?
How difficult are the fight scenes in the films of Matt Damon, Tom Cruise, Keanu Reeves, etc.? Is there any real MA there?
KickassTorrents used to be a good site for Afrikaans movies. Is there anywhere else?
Where is the best source to cast actors for low budget films?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
How can I go in Bollywood?
What are the best Tollywood photoshoots?
Is there footage of Jackie Chan in a real competition?
Which movie do you prefer, Captain America: Civil War or Marvel's The Avengers?
What do South Indians think when foreigners identify Baahubali as a Bollywood movie?
Why are recent Kannada movies using names or references to hit movies or legendary personalities’ names?
Which actress/actor you like in India most and why?
Why is south Indian movie industry so obsessed with showing navels?
Is the premise of the movie "God is NOT Dead" utterly ridiculous?
I've edited two short films and now I need to make a portfolio, how should I go about it?
Is film literature?
Why has JYK (condors369) stopped uploading movies on thepiratebay.org?
Why didn’t Toneri Ōtsutsuki help Momoshiki and Kinshiki in the movie Boruto?
Are the adverts/trailers shown in the beginning/interval of a movie included in the film reel?
Which actors have done films free of cost in Bollywood?
How do we dub any language into Hindi?
Which was Vinod Khanna's last movie in 1982?
Is it legal to film in a cemetery?
Why are people angry about Joss Whedon directing the Batgirl movie?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
If James Bond was a girl what will her name be?
Bahubali 2 was a disappointment. Am I alone to think so?
What are the evolutionary purposes of Ridley Scott's alien's bizarre anatomical structure and hostile behavior?
How can I download Korean movies with my phone legally free online?
Why does Tara beg/plead to be with Ved in the movie Tamasha?
What is your favourite collaborative, award-winning animated movie? Why?
Is there a Hindi-dubbed movie of “Theri”?
Why do so many horror movies involve stupid teens / early 20’s?
You are forced to watch the same movie every day of your life. Which one would you choose?
Do I need to watch the previous Alien movies before I see Alien Covenant?
What's the greatest found footage film of all time?
Which is the best Hindi movie dialogue you have ever heard of?
Please suggest the name of a TV program which is based on a film review?
Why are we (Bollywood) not making any movies with some amount of intellect? How long do we plan on making love stories with different packaging?
What song, movie or TV series are you ashamed to admit that you like?
Are there any sites where you can download Tamil, Hindi and Kannada movies in Blu-ray?
How I can download the Baahubali 2 full movie?
What is your review of Hindi Medium (2017 movie)?
How do I find publicity films?
Can we meet Hollywood or Bollywood stars at the Cannes Film Festival?
What is story of the movie 2057 which Bollywood directors are directing along the lines of Bahubali?
Can I request a cinema hall to show a movie which I want?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
If both Mitsuha and Taki from Your Name were to watch the MCU Avengers movie, what will they say and think about it?
What are the best lines from movies?
What will you name a 26 movies series using all the 26 letters of the alphabet in the start?
What is that the sci-fi movie where humans are killing aliens in another planet and where they kidnap their queen?
Why is Baahubali so hyped and has become a symbol of Hindu nationalism rather than just being another Indian movie?
Are there any movies/media with making of/behind the scenes of porn movies?
How I can get discounted movie tickets?
Where can I find the movie “Machine” (2017)?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
Can hydrogen be burned manually? Is everything that NASA sends to space fire retardant? I’m asking this for a project on a scene from the movie, "The Martian".
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
What is the reverse engineering of movie industry?
Who would you thank if you won the Oscars?
What are some of the best underrated sci-fi horror films?
Why is it that even the non-dialogue scenes in “Baahubali 1” are different in the Tamil and Telugu versions?
What makes you like epic movies?
What do you think of the movie 'A Dog's Purpose’?
Why don't they shoot movies and television shows at Disney's Hollywood Studios (Disney MGM Studios) and Universal Studios in Florida anymore?
How and where should I start if I want to start working in the film industry as a writer and director?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
What don't you like about Baahubali?
What are some entertaining old sci-fi/ fantasy movies?
What song did Emad Etesami and Rana sing together in the Iranian movie The Salesman?
How do people differentiate good or bad from an actor/actress's acting skills?
What is the most brilliant thing in a movie?
What do most Americans think about the actresses who go nude in movies?
Where can I download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
Is there any link to download the Rudramadevi Telugu movie?
What is the difference between cameras for still photography and movie making/film?
Do I need to watch the Sherlock movie before series 3?
Should we watch Pirates of the Caribbean with family?
What is your box office predictions for big Indian movies releasing this year?
Can you explain the ending of Interstellar (2014)?
How do you think Baahubali 2 will fare in China?
What is the box office collection of Sarkar 3 (2017 movie)?
What is a good movie for a child?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu films filled with overacting (dialogue), the objectification of women, and extreme heroism?
If your life were a movie, would you let your parents watch it?
Was the Titanic movie a real life story?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What were some notable ripoff films that were released in the 1970's?
Should I watch movies in the theater or on a network?
What movie reminds you of your life?
Is Sonarika Bhadoria a good actress? Can she act in the films in Bollywood?
Why do people watch Salman Khan's movies if they hate him so much?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
When rewatching a film with a plot twist, should the film be viewed as if one were watching it for the first time or with the viewer's new knowledge?
Why, in TV serials or film, can't we see the cameras in front of mirrors, and which effect is this?
Who do you think can play Itachi Uchiha (Naruto) in a film?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
What will you do if you are president for one day as shown in some Telugu movie?
Why is Baahubali 2 breaking all records? What is so special about this movie?
Can you name some movies that are like The Sandlot?
What is the duration of copyright for any movie or TV series?
What are the six important signs and symbols that the novel “Silence of Lambs” by Thomas Harris relies on to create an impression of horror?
What is so great about the Gadar movie?
How are fight scenes shot so that they appear to be happening faster than possible?
Which are the website that gives genuine reviews to movies?
What accent does Alex in A Clockwork Orange have?
What are the motives of the Android David in the Alien franchise?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Where can I download dhruva Telugu movie in HD?
How much reality is there in the movie Interstellar?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
What is your review of Half Girlfriend (2017 movie)?
How do I become a person who selects which movies to be played at the Cannes Film Festival?
Which Indian film industry does Raju Singh work in?
What are the most touching scenes in Baahubali 2?
Do you think we'll ever get a Daria sequel?
What are some things that can be done now to help me get into the film industry?
With most of the websites blocked nowadays, can anyone suggest a website where I could download Indian Bollywood, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, etc. movies?
Why don't celebrities’ kids go to acting school before acting in films?
Which is the best "Beauty and the Beast" film, Hollywood version or French version?
What are the movies that worth our valuable time?
Do people actually have sex in movies scenes?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
Why do people easily trust strangers in movies but not in real life?
After a long day at work, how can I motivate myself to write my own TV shows and movies instead of napping and watching TV all evening?
How much of the 1500 crores from Baahubali 2 goes to the producers?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
How long does it take to film an episode?
Which is the best horror- thriller movie ever in Hollywood?
Have you ever written a movie script or novel without any planning, just to see where it goes?
What is your favorite movie caption?
Would you please rank the 007 movies from best to worst, including Never Say Never Again?
Why do people insist on calling flight attendants "stewardesses", even on TV and in movies?
Which scenes in Baahubali 2 made you get goose bumps?
Is Joss Whedon directing Justice League? What's up with the recent reshoots with the movie?
Which of the Harry Potter movies are the most and least satisfying adaptations?
What do you think about Sony's coming up movie Venom?
If the MCU Avengers watched Kimi no Na Wa in the cinema, what will they say and think?
What are the best anime series and/or movies I should watch? Only recommend ones you have watched and liked. It should be less than 50 episodes.
Does the USA make the best TV shows/movies in the world? Why or why not?
If you could replace an actor in any movie, which movie would it be and who would you play?
How do I write a film treatment for sequels?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
What is an audition for a movie like?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
How can I see an English version movie converted into Hindi audio?
As shown in the movie 'Mohenjo Daro,' were the first settlers of the Gangetic plains Harappan people or invading Aryans?
What are your favourite movie and why? Is there any hidden meanings?
What is one Movie you will absolutely love to watch in Cinema hall if released again?
Which parts of 2012 (movie) were correct?
Which elements are necessary for film?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
Who should act as Krishna in the upcoming Mahabharata movie(s) project?
What was the actual motive behind Bel and Genesis's torture game in the movie Knock Knock (2015)?
Is the story of the Insidious movie brilliant?
What do Sri Lankans think about the film Bahubali?
Who are the five tallest characters in Baahubali?
Did Blade Runner's "tears in rain" monologue have a philosophical message behind it?
In the movie Frank, he wears a giant mask because of a condition. What condition is it?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
Have any villages been made famous by movies?
As an American, to what extent can you relate to "The US" as depicted in Hollywood movies?
What is Miller's Planet in Interstellar?
If Bahubali is so great, what about films like Mayabazaar?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
Have are the new theories of management in the last five years?
Is there a way to broadcast video that you are watching on VLC to another person’s computer who is also running VLC so 2 ppl. can watch movies while synced?
Is there a certain way and format to write a movie script, or do you just have to get ideas on paper?
How can I make it to Bollywood?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2?
What percentage of spy work is sort of like the movies? When spy work becomes sort of like the movies, how movie-like does it get?
How can I watch Jadoo High?
Can you tell me a movie that everybody likes but you don't? And why?
Can I make a good movie and launch it in Indian cinemas with 5 cr as the budget?
Why do the Chinese like Dangal, the movie?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
How can Jharkhand have 100% entertainment tax on movies?
Which website gives the latest movie news?
What is the one horror movie that had you afraid to go to bed that night?
Where can I download Kabali (HD) with English subtitles?
What is the best channel on Roku for old movies?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
Will there be live action sequels to 2010 film "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time"?
Is it true that the new movie Beauty and the Beast was banned in Russia?
What are your thoughts on The Emoji Movie?
Why do you think "Baahubali" got the hype it acquired?
What would have happened if Bahubali 2 and Tubelight released on the same date?
What are the greatest performances of Setsuko Hara?
Can we, will we be able to, upload our conscienceness to a computer like in the movie Transcendence?
Who first made pani puri in India?
Who named the Indian film industry 'Bollywood'?
What are the do's and don't's in creating a villain in a movie?
Do you think any Hollywood movies will be made about the Donald Trump Presidency?
Which are the must-watch Hollywood movies from 1990-2017?
Why are subtitles not downloaded while downloading movies from Hotstar?
What are the best spiritual movies in Hollywood?
What's the best film/developer combo for enlargements?
Do you think hachi is the loveliest movie ever made?
Can you spot the similarities between “Baahubali” movie series and “Kaaviya Thalaivan (Tamil)” movie?
Can anyone give me the English subtitles of the movie Ponyo?
Has your visits to the IMDb website and app decreased since they got rid of the message boards?
What's it like, as an actor, to play a character that's supposed to be a bad actor?
Why isn't "Hollywood Reporter" praising Aishwarya Rai's Cannes Film Festival outfit the way "TOI" is doing?
What Asian dramas or movies with gay male characters do you recommend?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
What is the best movie you have ever seen? What did you take advantage of?
Find movie un?
Has an Indian actress dubbed the voice for Saba Qamar in the movie Hindi Medium?
What are the 10 best French-language, made-in-France films from between 2000 and 2015?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
How do I get roles as an actor for plays/movies (anything)?
What is a film critic's/movie buff's reaction to the words "Tyler Perry movie”?
What are your best money/weapon/drugs movies?
What are the best Hollywood movies made on railways background?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
I heard somewhere that most award shows (Emmys, Oscars, etc.) are corrupt? Is this true?
What is an explanation for the ending of "The Vatican Tapes"?
What are your favourite 10/10 Tollywood movies?
Who would you cast as the Bride of Frankenstein in the 2019 remake?
Which movie is better: “Baahubali 2” or “Dangal”?
Now that Extratorrent is gone, where can I find movie releases from releaser groups like DDR, DUS, TeamOS etc?
How is the movie “Zombieland”?
In Bahubali, who is Bhadra's mother?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
How are the names of characters determined for movies and TV?
What is the one thing you got out of the movie "Into the Wild"?
Is movie.vidmate.mobi safe to download and use? Are there any reviews of its general use?
Am I the only one who feels that some of the scenes in Bahubali 2 are incomplete and imperfect in their execution compared to its prequel?
In Baahubali 2, did Prabhas’ acting show signs of self-importance?
How do I get a role in Bollywood movies?
In the movies and television, why do gangsters, drug dealers and the like have minions that do their dirty work for them?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
Why are there very few new Malayalam movies (released between 2012-2016) available on YouTube?
Are Tamil movies released in Hyderabad in Tamil?
How do movies and TV series get the best ratings on IMDB and popularity among people, even when they contain nude and sex scenes?
Is it possible for a JIPMER student to work in the film industry during a vacation?
Why is Michael Cera such a bad actor?
Is there any movie about Galileo or Copernicus?
Is it better to watch TV series or movies?
Why does Bollywood not make well written/researched commercial movies like 'Sarfarosh' anymore?
In the case of an emergency, like in the Martian movie, how much fuel and time is required to reach Mars via the shortest path?
Movies and TV series depict death as being very quick to come after a single sword cut. Is it possible to die immediately after being cut by a sword?
In Baahubali 1, Baahubali refuses animal sacrifice, but the makers of the movie sacrificed a goat before releasing the film. Why the hypocrisy?
Why are people who like to listen to movie scores/soundtracks considered nerds?
What do psychopaths think about the movie "American Psycho"?
How were old movies colourised?
How do you come up with the characters and plots for your novellas?
As a foreign tourist in India, have you ever acted as an extra in a Bollywood movie? If yes, when and how?
Do actors and actresses really sing in the movies? I recently watched the new live action "Beauty and the Beast" and was amazed by the vocal talent.
What is a fast speed film?
In what ways does the 2003 Peter Pan movie differ from J.M. Barrie's book?
If some deleted scenes are added back to Bahubali 2, will people go back to the theaters just to watch the added scenes?
Now that Baahubali is released, is this the new bench mark for south Asian movie making?
Why is Diamonds are Forever not more highly regarded when it is clearly the second best Bond movie, after OHMSS?
How can I create an amazing script for a movie?
How does one go about making a documentary about their life?
What is the best way to become a film composer?
What are the top 10 movies on Netflix?
Do you think that Marathi characters in Bollywood movies are often shown as rural, while almost half of the population of Marathi people live in an urban area?
How many cars got crashed in all Fast and Furious movies?
How dominating are male lead roles in films compared to female lead roles?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
What do you think about the new movie Jattu Engineer?
Which is the movie that made you most emotional?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
Have you ever told a talker in a cinema while you were watching a film to STFU?
How do I get movies legally to do critical videos like Nerdwriter or Every Frame a Painting?
Why was Edward Scissorhands treated differently?
Which actor do you think would be best suited for a role as Donad Trump?
Is it the time now that Bollywood and other film industries start making movies on Hindu mythology stories and heroes?
What are some of the biggest box office hits as a percentage of their budget?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
Where can I find short film groups to associate with in Hyderabad?
How do directors shoot compilations in Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch and download the movie Fairy Tail Dragon Cry?
What gear do I need to become a film composer?
What does Jack Fraser think about the new Star Trek trailer?
If Bahubali 3 is ever made, then what will be the story?
What are some reviews for Guardians Of the Galaxy 2? What would be a comparison with other MCU movies?
Why are dubbed versions of regional cinema released in Hindi with ridiculous titles?
What exactly happened to the humanoid characters in Alien Covenant's flashback scene? Was this event what caused their extinction?
Why do we feel liberated at the end of Shawshank Redemption.How did Frank Darabont achieve that?
What are the shows in the West where Hollywood actors are called for interviews?
Can a music video be classified as a short film?
Which university does the movie rings take place in?
What is the original Sanskrit meaning of the Maahismati Anthem from Baahubali in English?
In which language is the movie Dangal released in China?
How do I download the movie “Half Girlfriend”?
How can I add subtitles to movies on an iPhone?
Why can’t Jackie Chan be declared as James Bond?
What are the best Russian movies about the Cold War?
Is it hard for an Asian to get roles in Hollywood? If so,why?
Why is it that most Disney films Frank Welker is in, he only does vocal effects?
Is there an alternate reality as mentioned in sci-fi movies and shows?
Why are American girls so sexualized on the media?
Where can I watch “Detective Conan Movie 21″?
What is the most influential movie/film in all of history?
Who stars in the movie Hester Street?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
If you got the role of Road Warrior Hawk from Legion of Doom for a movie, what workout, diet, and drugs would you do to get prepared for the role?
What formats do actors commonly get dossiers of their characters' in?
How much do top Hollywood costume designers earn per film?
Why are Bahubali movies so overrated?
Are Baahubali 1 & 2 modified versions of the old Kannada movie Mayura (Dr. Rajkumar)?
Why do we love the movie "The Breakfast Club" so much?
Can I use movie quotes in my movie blog?
Who is the dead man and what is his folly in Agatha Christie's Dead Man's Folly?
What movie or movies did Samuel Jackson not yell in?
Where can I download Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch The Seventh Seal (1957) with English subtitles?
If you could have a memento from any movie or TV show, what would you choose? It must be a real prop used in the production, not anything fictitious.
In the movie Monster Trucks, how did the creatures not explode?
Is it worthwhile watching Baahubali 2 in 4K, as it may require a minimum viewing distance in a cinema hall?
If you were to make a movie with any actor but the only advertisement the movie would get was the name of the lead actor, who would be your lead?
Dangal has grossed 1500 crores worldwide. How much will Aamir Khan earn as the producer of this film?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
Which movie is better, Good Will Hunting or The Blues Brothers?
What is the most believable thing about Star Wars?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
Is it true that some deities who are worshipped in some parts of India were actually created by a movie?
Which movies are the most thrilling movies in the 20th century?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
In X-Men: Apocalypse, why was Apocalypse betrayed in the start?
In which Korean-dubbed films has Korean voice actor Ja-Hyeong Gu voiced Denzel Washington?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Was Star Wars originally meant to promote theocracy and religious extremism?
What is the difference between Bollywood movies and daily soaps now?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
Who does promotion for Bollywood movies?
What does it mean when Spock says that Khan “exhibits 2-dimensional thinking” in “Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan”?
Do real ghosts and demons look like their movie counterparts?
Is it possible that someone can faint at one shot on his head by a vase or a rod as it happens in movies that the hero hits someone on his head and he is knocked out?
In an old classic movie, there were the prank of an office worker, a coffee slogan, and the worker’s friends tricking him into thinking that he won money. Which movie is that?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
If all the young Tollywood and Kollywood superstars were to fight each other, who would win, and which particular actor would have the highest kill count?
Where can I watch/download Hindi dubbed English movies online? (paid/free)
Where will Desi Digital Releasers (DDR) post its movies since extratorrent has shut down permanently?
What are the best things to do on a 2 hour date apart from movie?
Does anyone have a hangover from Baahubali: The Conclusion? I am awestruck and completely smitten by the characters of the movie. Does anyone feel the same?
What is the difference between Indian style of Cinema making and that of Hollywood?
What is the most iconic movie house?
What will they do to the costumes used by the cast of a film?
How many people are working in the porn industry as actors? Say, how many starred in a film in the last 6 months?
Which is best update website for movie news?
What is the best anime series/movie ever? Is it Dragon Ball?
Does Alien: Covenant help connect Prometheus to rest of the Alien films?
Is it possible that a movie could hypnotize people?
Most of us know Roger Moore was really the best Bond, but which film was his best in the series?
Is there an app to watch free Harry Potter movies?
Now that Bahubali: The Conclusion has been released, what do you think is a good way to extend the story for part 3?
What is the Chinese opinion on the American film “American Sniper” (2014)?
What's the difference between best screenplay and best picture?
Do movies increase our knowledge?
I am 17. I watched all the Harry Potter movies and I absolutely adore them. Am I too old to read the books? Should I do it?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
What is the name of a film about a "club", possibly starring James Spader?
Is The Shining (1980) the greatest horror movie ever made?
Which is the best and easiest movie download app?
Why are people making such a big deal out of Jennifer Lawrence's strip pole video?
Can you tell me your MBTI type and your favorite movies?
What happened to the Missing 411 film?
Why is roaring used as a display of strength in movies?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What is a way to find work in the film industry?
Have you seen anyone get jilted at the altar in real life like they show on TV? Do you know what happened?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
What is a good documentary to watch to learn more about Edward Snowden?
How do I download the full audio track for “Commando 2” movie in Hindi?
Have you seen the film, ‘Sister my Sister, and what did you think of it?
Why are DC movies doing so bad in the box office?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
What was the movie that had a really positive impact on your life?
Do Hollywood movies’ worldwide grosses include China?
What are one or more of your favourite taglines in cinematic history?
What is the track that’s played in the biggest, loudest, craziest party scene from the 2016 Trolls movie?
Is there a website or an app where I can make a list of already watched series and movies?
What made Sivagami egoistic in “Bāahubali 2”?
What is the number one thing that makes a movie good?
How many Guardian of the Galaxy movies do you think there will be, and why?
Are Indian movies really better than Chinese movies?
Which horror novel till date has the best plot?
Will Lavalantula turn into a film series like Sharknado?
Why do producers and directors make a movie even though they know it’s going to be a massive flop?
When will “Baahubali 2” be released in China?
What was James Cameron's reasoning behind the last scene in Titanic with Jack, Rose and everyone clapping?
What is the actor Wilson Bethel doing now?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
Does the complete Star Wars (the new one) include the full history of the old canon?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
What is that quote about cinema being about taking pictures of girlfriends?
Will Baahubali 2 pave the way for erasing the Bollywood-Tollywood differences and for the emergence of a common Indiwood platform??
When will Avatar 2 be released?
Where can I find the correct site to download Armistice (2013 movie)?
What is the total collection of Baahubali 2?
Why is Good Will Hunting so highly rated?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with Hindi audio?
Do Bollywood movies show nudity?
What is your worst Disney movie?
Is there any Harry Potter movie after the last one (Deathly Hallows)?
What are some events that show the true power of the internet?
Have there been instances where movies have tried to show the world a hidden truth subtly in its dialogues?
What are the similarities between Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (2014 movie) and Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017 movie)?
What is the best site to watch Movies for free without registration?
What is the climax of Inception?
What are some good movies for an ENTP?
How can you decorate a room for a scene in a gangster movie?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
What are some movies with genuine kung fu?
Is Digital Academy, the film school, good for Cinematography and does it have a good placement?
If you could turn any arc of The Clone Wars into a full-lengthed live-action, big-budget movie, which would you choose and why?
Is there any Indian movie available which may replace Baahubali’s popularity?
Why does Kannada cinema fail to compete with neighboring industries? Is there a problem with the quality of the movies, or is it their marketing strategy?
Which website can one download the movie Bichumoo (Flying warriors) from? It's an old Korean movie
In the movie Baahubali, are there any mysteries unsolved?
Who developed animation films in India?
Did watching Tron give you a headache?
What is the best moment in your life till this date?
How can I add background sounds to a small part of a large video? The intensity of that music should increase, like in a horror movie.
Where can I download John Cena’s new 2017 movie?
What kind of performance in acting audition attracts the most to casting directors to get shortlisted?
Which actor has the craziest female fan following?
Who is the sexiest actor of Hollywood?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
Why are male choirs used in sinister scenes in movies?
What shows should one watch to get modernized/westernized?
How can I get the movie Baahubali 2?
What is the most terrifying movie you have ever seen?
What are your views on the movie “A Beautiful Mind”?
How did Baahubali 2 earn so much money all over the world, despite not being a mainstream Bollywood film and being a regional film?
Is Tamil cinema overrated?
Where did I get Scooby do in Telugu?
Is the film "Split" a realistic depiction of split personality disorder?
Who do I contact about a review of a film and book?
How can I watch the movie "For the love of Ruth"?
Where can I watch Magnificent Century in English?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
Do actors own what they buy when shooting a scene that involves shopping?
What are the best movies in 2017?
Being an Indian filmmaking student, how can I land a job in Hollywood production houses?
What are 18+ horror Hollywood films?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
What would they be like if the Baahubali series had been directed by Christopher Nolan?
Who have watched the movie The Shack and what do you think about it?
What is the reason for the movie Suryavansham being aired on Set Max for so long and in so-called regular intervals?
What is the least believable thing about Jason Bourne?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
I have a moral dilemma, I want to watch the new Doctor Who but my family wants to watch it with me. What should I do?
Which Batmobile would win, Batmobile from Batman v Superman vs Batmobile from Justice League?
What's the name of the movie where Gene Hackman, after much police pressure, falsely confesses to having molested a child?
While filming babies in movies, how can they make the babies do the things the director wants?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
How did they control the balloon in the 1956 movie, "The Red Balloon" directed by Albert Lamorisse?
If you could rewrite or edit BvS or add more films before it, how would you do that?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
What is the Westchester Incident in the movie Logan?
Will the Harry Potter movies suffer more criticism over time for the lack of diversity in the cast?
Yesterday (23rd May 2017) Sir Roger Moore sadly departed this world, aged 89. What are your favourite Roger Moore TV/movie moments?
Where can I get the Sarrainodu movie (2016) in Hindi?
What is the name of an animated movie about human history with Mr White?
What did you feel after watching Joker Tamil movie?
How did sound film impact the 1920s?
Why does Anushka Shetty look so different in Baahubali 2 than she looks in the movie promotions?
What are the best spiritual movies?
Is it possible to team up with Steven Spielberg to make a cartoon?
Which similar plot movies were released within a span of 5-6 years and were both successful?
What skills are required for creating an animated movie?
How can I find an inexpensive screenwriter for my micro budget film?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu movies filled with overacting (dialogues), objectifying women and extreme heroism?
What’s a movie that absolutely petrified you?
How do I download Hindi movie bàhubali 2?
What would your reaction be if Forrest Gump got transferred into your squad?
Which is the most genuine website for movie reviews or ratings?
What are some violent PG 13 movies?
Has the image of SS Rajamouli improved considerably after the success of Baahubali 2?
In the movie Silence, since Andrew Garfield apostatized their Lord, why did he still have the Jesus symbol with him in the end of the movie?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
If actors play a double role, will they get paid twice the amount, just asking?
What were stoners’ best ever highdeas?
The movie Inferno is real life. Instead of saving them from the plague, it is released into the world. Does this actually create a better world?
What was the clever clue the villains planted in an attempt to lure Batman into a trap, thus rescuing Bruce?
Will they ever defeat Thanos in a Marvel movie? If so, who will defeat him?
Is Tiger Shroff capable of playing an intense character like Rambo?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
What is a genuine website for Tollywood collections of movies?
Who do you think is the winner between Bahubali and Dangal?
Does Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood" remind you of Dave Brubeck's style?
Why did everyone hate the film "The Last Airbender" so much?
Is this the proper way to film a gunshot explosion in a film?
What are some Hollywood movies with the most ridiculous Hindi Dubbing?
Did Russians enjoy the movie Red Dawn?
What are the best action Hollywood movies?
Do you have to be a Christian to be in a Christian movie?
How do I download movies in HD?
What was the role of Karan Johar in Baahubali’s production?
What do people from India think of Leonardo DiCaprio?
Is Blade Runner 2049 (2017) going to be any good?
Where is that tree location pictured in the "Sanam Teri Kasam" movie?
Is the footage from war documentaries from the actual situation, or do they mix everything up to fit the story?
Will both Hayao Miyazaki and Makoto Shinkai make a new anime film together in 2020?
What are notable depictions of sibling negotiations in film or literature?
Why were the names changed in the movie Big Short, but not in the book?
What books or series of films have relationships that are similar to Cassie and Sid’s relationship in ‘Skins’?
Is there a movie I can watch?
How does having sex for a film affect your feelings as an actress?
How do movies make close up throat cutting scenes look so real?
Do you think Heath Ledger could have acted as Bane?
What is the one movie you'd suggest to someone who is really depressed?
Is the Kannada movie "Hollywood" a good Indian movie, considering its release date?
What's with all the movies that are adapted from books? Are they always bad to those who read the novel beforehand?
How should I download the Marathi movie, Anvat, from the internet?
Why are so many films these days directed by two people?
Why are Fast and Furious movies still being made, and why are they grossing so much?
Why do low-budget movies not get enough credit in Indian cinemas?
Where was the name Kaliyuga derived from?
Is it true Hollywood is working on a remake of "Red Dawn" as “Red Trump,” and Charlie Sheen will return as Patrick Eckert?
Can I really have skills like a special agent in the movies, let's say Jason Bourne?
What is the best Online Movies site in Brazil?
How do I sell a story to Hollywood?
What is the date of Allu Arjun’s new movie audio?
Where would the Fast and Furious franchise be today if Paul Walker was still alive?
Should I watch the Khule-Aam sexy Yaara movie?
Do foreigners watch Indian movies in theatres?
Which is the comedy Bollywood movie that contains this dialogue "kesi behki behki baate karr rahe ho"?
What movie had the biggest impact on you and why?
Why should we watch film?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
What are some movies about writing jobs?
How can I download a movie on mobile with less size?
Is a movie about Sachin Tendulkar necessary?
How do TV and cinema compare as forms of entertainment?
Why was the accident shown twice in the Vellipomaakey song?
Do any of you guys think all of the Harry Potter movies are connected somehow?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
Is Willow: A Short Story by Alice Rachel based on a true story?
What is the beneficial thing of having film actors (not theatre) in a country?
Why are British actors used so often in roles that are of different nationalities?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
What is the most underrated thing about Bollywood?
What is it like to imagine yourself in the body of a character/actor when you are watching a film and relating to other characters in the film?
Is there any platform where I can get in touch with trained short film directors in Hyderabad for my channel?
Which is the best psychological Indian movie?
If someone asked you to watch only one movie every day, which movie would you choose?
Which is the best Punjabi movie in 2017?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
How do professional filmmakers feel about YouTube movie reviewers with large followings?
What are the best 2D animated comedy films?
What do you think is the future of VFX in Indian cinema, with great films like Bahubali 2.0 and Bahubali? Can it compete with Hollywood in the coming times?
When Europeans dub English language films, do they use particular accents? How about Japanese and Chinese films?
Where can I download the Shehanai audio that is played at the end of the Jaykara/Dandalaya song in the Baahubali 2 movie?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Are stunt cars that were used in movies street legal?
When will any Indian film cross $1 billion?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
Where can I download the movie Dhoom 2?
Which are the best South Korean movies one should definitely watch (only thriller, horror, gangster and revenge genre)?
Which is the best Disney movie in Hindi dubbed?
Has anyone not watched Baahubali 1?
If you were asked to play a part in Bee Movie 2, would you accept?
Would acting in movies be a good job?
Is it really necessary to show sex scenes in movies? Can't they just show the actors in bedsheets, assuming they had it.
How is Dangal a Muslim movie and Baahubali a Hindu movie?
What is meant by a sequel?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
In Secret Window, who didn't feel sorry for Mort’s wife Amy when he killed her and her boyfriend Ted?
If cartoons are remade into live action movies, why are there no live action movies remade into cartoons?
Why are most filmmakers of TV and film documentaries about animals, science, religion, history, geography, etc., European, Australian, American, New Zealander, and Russian?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
Which is the best website to download Hollywood movies in HD?
Did the 1976 movie Network predict the rise of Donald Trump?
What are some of the best apps for download newly released Hollywood movies?
You are a movie director, you are shooting a robbery scene for your biggest movie project you've worked on so far, what would the scene look like?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What are the facts that took Baahubali beyond the expectations?
What do I do to learn film directing? How do I get started?
Is it fair that movie stars make more money than Nobel Prize winning scientists?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
What is a couple movie ticket voucher?
It is weird to go to a cinema alone late at night?
Would Luke still be as valuable to Darth Vader and the Emperor if his last name weren't Skywalker?
Who could get me a list of inspiring movies?
Where can I watch New Girl with English subtitles?
How does a film director narrate/explain a romantic scene to both actor and actress?
In your opinion, what is the best score written for a movie?
Where is the Baby Jen puppet used in The Dark Crystal?
What do I learn in Lagaan, the Indian movie?
Apart from 'themoviespoilers.com', are there any other known websites that publish complete spoilers for newly released movies?
Can autistic people become screenwriters?
What are the top 10 Bollywood movie collections of 2017?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest movies and TV series?
Do I need to know the actual story of Dunkirk evacuation before watching the movie?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
Have you done voice-over in any famous movies or series?
How would you contain a Xenomorph?
Is there anyone who is interested in cinematography?
Do you think Julie Walters could be the greatest British actress of all time?
What is Bahubali 2 earnings?
Why are only a few scenes in IMAX films shot with IMAX cameras?
Was Darth Vader`s part in the original movies expanded "on the fly"?
In the movie "The Purge," why is murder the default offense?
Where can I watch the Naruto movies dubbed in English?
What does a script for a porno movie look like?
Where are the scenes set in Russia actually filmed?
How does one reproduce film quality like this with a cheaper camera?
Where can I find a movie producer for a story that I have? I'd like to make the story into a short movie. How much do you think it will cost?
What are the softwares, that are used to create the movie, Zootopia?
Why is the “Nayak” movie of Anil Kapoor always showing on Zee Cinema?
Where can I get Hindi dubbed versions of Tamil cult movies like Nayagan, Thalapathi etc.?
After the Baahubali movie, is Indian​ cinema famous across the world?
Are scenes of the movie Original Sin real?
Which was the better decade for movies, comics, games, and music geeks, the 80s or the 90s?
What are the impacts on US citizens after watching movies like Snowden, Concussion, etc.?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Where can I see a trailer for the new abc show for the people?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
How often are movies remade by different studios?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
Do directors in Hollywood say 'Light, Camera, Action'?
How far is the movie about Pulikecei true? Is he really the Tughlaq of South India?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
Even just for watching Blu-ray or even DVD movies, does a dedicated graphic card still give a better video performance than the internal graphic chip?
What are Tamil actor Vijay's best movies?
How is medieval sword fighting different than on medieval movies?
Why have Tim Burtons movies deteriorated in quality in recent years?
How do I create dual audio movies in CyberLink or Wondershare?
What should I do if I am more interested in the film industry than in doing job in IT ?
Which actor/actress do you think is great but keeps on getting mediocre roles?
Which are the movie dowloading/streaming sites banned in Germany? Does anyone know if DDLValley is legal or not?
Who are some of the on-screen mothers of Bollywood?
Is the scenario presented in the movie, "The Day After Tommorow" possible?
Which will be better, 3GB Web-DL version or 3GB BRRip, if both are encoded by the same guy?
Do you expect Bahubali 2 to be nominated for the Oscars? If so, what are the winning chances?
Why are there almost no good German movies except for Nazi movies?
How many actors have released actual nude videos?
Can a NVIDIA Shield TV play all movie formats and subtitle files?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
How come Dangal made so much money in China, without any promotional events at least?
What movies do you think are a must watch?
Which are the best 10 motivational movies?
If a biopic on Rahul Dravid is ever made, who should play him?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
How many coins are in John Wick’s suitcase?
Is the Hindi movie “Dangal” such a runaway hit with the Chinese audience?
Are there any 2-disc editions of the extended versions of The Hobbit films? As in, just the films, no other bonus discs.
Is it only me or anyone out there who thinks the Sachin movie trailer falls flat?
Why is Hollywood sexually liberal?
How many times can you watch a horror movie until the horror wears off?
Suppose Baahubali 3 was to be made with a budget of 500 crores. Can Rajamouli raise the amount from a share market, for a movie?
Which is better? The Baahubali duology or The Lord of The Rings trilogy? Why?
What movie or TV show has sparked genuine conversation between you and your child?
Which movie is perfect?
Are the portrayals of military engagement with transformers in Michael Bay's movies accurate and realistic?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
What's best way to download the latest movies?
Who is the most popular dark-skinned actor/actress from southern regional cinema who has broken into mainstream Bollywood (Hindi) cinema?
This summer is predicted to be an all time low for blockbuster box-office. Are Hollywood tentpoles just getting stale?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
How do I get a script in front of Angeline Jolie?
What are your views on the movie Maroon (2016), and its ending?
Are actor Jeffrey Tambor and Marvel Studio's Head Kevin Feige connected to each other? They look like twins!
Why is musical not a popular movie genre as it used to be?
How is the 300 movie?
What have some of the Hollywood directors done for earning money before they became famous?
In Star Wars: A New Hope (1977), what would have happened if the droids’ escape pod had been destroyed?
Why do people still watch and enjoy the new Fast and Furious films?
What was the name of the dish that Kangana Ranaut's character "Rani" ordered in the movie 'Queen' after which she vomited?
Which upcoming Netflix movies/TV series are you most excited about?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
Why shouldn't I be discouraged to become a filmmaker?
Are Bollywood movies famous in China?
Do south Indian movies have better stories and comedic timing than north Indian movies?
What are the most well known movie quotes of all time?
How are graphics different from animation in movies?
What do you think about the video "boyfriend" from the movie "Raabta"?
What makes getting into Hollywood so hard?
When does “The Princess Bride” take place?
Is New York as great as films and TV make it out to be? And where did all the hype come from?
How are bilingual movies like Baahubali shot so that they are able to replicate the scenes in the other language as well?
What are some movies, books, plays, etc. about the struggles of Muslim women?
What are some best sites for downloading Hollywood movies in HD?
Why shouldn't we take Afghanistani actors instead of Pakistani actors?
Why do Bollywood movies have the same names?
In what movie did Arnold Schwarzenegger say "So why am I still alive?"
What are Christopher Nolan's strengths and weaknesses in his career?
What do Pakistanis think about movies like Veer-Zaara, Gadar, Border, etc.?
Is “Jeepers Creepers” a scary movie?
Can you give a crappy description of your favorite book or movie?
Who is the most famous British film producer of all time?
Who is the worst movie actor, who is considered a star?
Is Baahubali 2 a good film?
Is Rajnikanth's Baba movie a flop?
Who could be the best cast if Malayalam movie "Premam" is remade in Hindi?
The movie “Hindi Medium” has given a strong message, but is it practical in the real world?
Where can I watch (or download) the Sleuth (1972) movie?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
What is your opinion about film director Priyadarshan?
Does Legends material in Star Wars belong to Disney as well as Canon?
Is it possible to copy JIO movies saved on phone to a laptop or PC?
Why is Loki's character so complex?
Why was the movie No Smoking heavily panned by the critics?
Is Logan the most realistic movie set in the future?
Is there a possibility that Bahubali and Magadheera share the same universe?
What is your review on Lahoriye?
How do I download or watch the new Indian movie Half Girlfriend 2017 online?
What book should Hollywood make (or remake) into a movie?
Who are the best aunties of Bollywood?
Where can I download the audio track for the movie "Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya"?
Can you recommend to me good teen movies or movies that are about life in school?
Why are so many television shows and movies produced in Georgia?
What is the best action and adventure show on Netflix right now?
What does Stan Lee do with his money?
What happened at the end of the movie Abzurdah?
Which is the most direct movie on enlightenment?
When will the Kirik Party DVD be released?
Is Moana based on Maori culture?
If you had to choose just one movie for a new president, which one would it be, and why?
What is the most horrifying true story?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
How do the film stars behave at their home?
How do I get work as a Grip on a film or TV set?
What song is in the trailer for Alien:Covenant (2017)?
How do actors behave if, after watching the opening of their film, they find that it is horrible? Do most actors see the whole film, or just some clips before the opening?
Alien: Covenant (2017 movie), what do you think happened between David and Elizabeth Shaw?
Where do actors stay in Cannes?
If cricketers were cast in Bollywood movies, who would star in what?
Where can I get Bollywood new movies?
How can I watch movies on my TV from my phone?
What are Jason Bourne's (movie) personality traits?
Does the Force only exist within the Star Wars Galaxy?
What do you want to see in a movie (+- 1 minute) that promotes the traditional Italian coffee culture?
Did Johnny Fontane have a bigger role in the novel than in the movie?
Is there an example of a complicated scene that failed to shoot because of its complexity?
If you could switch the soundtracks of 2 different movies with each other, which movie soundtracks would you switch?
In "Alien: Covenant", how was David superior to Walter?
With several story ideas for screenplays, should I write the treatment first or just dive into the screenplay? And why am I so terrified to start?
How would you fix the Star Wars prequels?
Did Baahubali 2 beat the box office collections of Aamir Khan's Dangal?
Why has "Last of the Breed" by Louis L'Amour never been made into a movie? This is probably one of the best adventure novels of all time.
Which movie does Jackie Chan act in, where in one of the scenes, someone tries to take a box out of the great wall of China, destroying it?
Did Marvel fans like the Dark Knight series?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies?
What are the sites where I can watch Tamil movies on payment?
Was it ever explicitly stated how the Star Wars prophecy was told?
Who won the best film award in 2016?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
What is the surname of Baahubali in the movie?
What are your thoughts on Tom Hardy playing Venom?
Are there any horror movies that have a serious theme?
Do you know about any school shootings inspired by movies?
What are some of the best looks from Cannes Film Festival 2017?
Why do some actors choose to go uncredited in movies?
What are the similarities between the epic Indian independence movement and the movie Bahubali?
Is there any way I can remove this arrow-like mark randomly appearing in a movie?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
Why was Pete Postlethwaite regarded as a great actor?
What is the best HD movie downloading site?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
What is the perfect title for a short film based on the awareness of youngsters?
Why do I feel weird after watching an anime for the first time?
What is the upcoming movie of Hrithik Roshan?
Why is the movie Battleship Potemkin considered propaganda?
Where can I watch Arrow online, without any signup?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
Why did Mahendra Bahubali take an oath in the name of Rajmata Shivgami Devi during the coronation, while his mother is Devasena? Is it a Hindi dubbing mistake?
What do you like about movies?
Where can I watch Kaatru Veliyidai with subtitles?
How many cinemas do Ethiopians have?
Where can I find Gujarati movies and drama?
What are small details we might have missed in Malayalam movies, e.g. Maheshinte Prathikaaram?
In how many Indian movies has Shahid Afridi been mentioned? What movies are they?
Was Groot a baby in the comics, or was that only in the movies?
Will the upcoming movie 'Tiger Zinda Hai' save Katrina's career?
How do they make films in Bollywood?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Where can I download Bichumoo (Flying warriors). It's an old Korean movie?
Who's a better film director, Clint Eastwood or Martin Scorsese?
How did you feel about Ghostbusters (2016)? Many people didn't like that the cast was all female.
Is there any movie in Tamil that is better than Raavanan?
Should I worry about what age I "make it" in the entertainment industry as a writer, comedian, filmmaker, or actor? I fear that the age you make it at, matters.
Why are Republican actors essentially getting blacklisted in Hollywood?
If ExtraTorrent gets shut down permanently, what would be an alternative source to download Hindi-dubbed Hollywood movies?
What if Salman Khan starred in and as Bahubali?
If Prabhas is cast in a lead role in Mahabharata (a.k.a. Randam Ooozham), which role would best suit him? Why?
Is the Baahubali movie vaguely based on Chandragupta Maurya?
Why do synthetics (androids) in the Alien universe grow hair?
What is an example of a good documentary where the main scenes are of the narrator?
What's the last movie you paid money to see and didn't regret afterwards?
What are best horror and action movies of Hollywood to watch on YouTube free of cost?
What are the top 20 must watch movies of all time?
How can I download the latest movies?
What are some of the best time-travelling movies you have seen? Would you recommend them to everyone who loves these kinds of movies?
What are the signs that prove that Bahubali 3 will be released?
In the end of the movie 'The Prestige' which Borden survived?
Which is the most racial product ever made?
Which are some movie characters where a petite old woman is actually very tough?
Where can I download Star Wars 8 right now (and what do you think about it)?
Does Hollywood have a president?
What is the difference between "Films" and "Movies" when we use these words to denote cinema?
Will a biopic ever be made on a common person?
What is the path to becoming an actor in movies?
What do you think are the flaws in Kiccha Sudeep's film career?
How can I download a movie of small size (400-500 MB) from mobile?
Where can I download Bollywood movies for free?
What do teens think today when they see teen movies from the 1980s?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
If Shah Rukh Khan is the biggest movie star in the world, then why don't his movies break the all-time collection records?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
What assets does film hero Shobanbabu have?
Why are mainstream films so average these days? Hear me out.
Which are the most expensive movies ever produced in India amongst all time?
Is it normal for a child to watch a movie over and over again without getting bored?
What are the great movies that were made on the basis of psychology, a quest for the meaning of life, love, travel around the world, etc.?
Why do horror movies or television shows have sexual themes?
Why do Hindi movies dominate if the theater count in South India is much larger?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
How do producers collect money from cinemas?
If the trailer in the description was real, would you watch the movie?
What do you think about movies about the Holocaust, especially Schindler's List and The Pianist?
Who is the real hero of the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
How can I become an actor in the Tamil cinema in a hero’s role?
Why is everyone in the movies such a horrible shot?
What could have prompted Autumn Snyder, the loving daughter of one of the most famous directors of the world, Zack Snyder, to commit suicide?
Why is the “Kirik Party” movie overrated?
What is the name of the song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene, where Toretto was with his wife in the room?
Why do some people think that Sangamithra is going to be an utter flop?
Why does almost, if not every, movie have a black and white checkered floor in it somewhere? Many TV shows have that floor, too.
Which is better; Blade Runner, Akira, or The Matrix?
What's your review on the movie Meera (1979)?
Does watching movies with English subtitles help people learn English and develop listening skills?
Which Korean actor is the best in 2017?
Considering negative criticism, can you point out any positive/enjoyable elements in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
How will a Star Wars TV series surrounding the events of KoTOR be received?
What are the reasons behind the huge success of Bahubali 2?
What is your favorite film series?
Will there be another part of Bahubali after the 2nd one? I saw a book of Bahubali that was based on ancestors of Amerendra Bahubali.
If you ever make a movie, what genre would it be?
Where I can buy the cap Arjun (Dulquer Salman) wears in the Bangalore Days movie? It's more like a beanie but open on both the ends.
Is it a bad idea to watch Star Wars in episodic order? Would that make one like Star Wars less?
How irresponsible are Fun Cinemas people?
Will La La Land be the last truly amazing movie musical?
In movies as well as television, in-coming mortars sound like artillery fire. Is this true or are they Hollywood sound effects?
What's the 70s movie where a second rate rodeo cowboy is hitch hiking and meets a girl in a Cadillac convertible?
Did they use a real tiger in the Life of Pi movie?
In the movies, why is it that when you see a back-of-head shot, the actor's mannerisms and movements are often out of sync with his/her dialogue?
Which movie is very suspicious?
How much does it cost to make a movie theater?
What is the latest movie series?
If some American series are neither broadcasted in my country nor subtitled in Netflix, how am I supposed to watch them legally?
Which is the best part or scene of the movie, Kung Fu Panda 2?
Which movie made you to change and how?
What are the best lines from any movie?
Which is best website to download Hollywood movies in dual language and in HD?
Has someone won an Oscar for an action movie?
Who thinks Aliens (1986) is a bad movie, or at least overrated?
How can I stop someone from watching pirated movies?
What was the quality of Malayalam movies released between 2000-2010? Were they really better than other South Indian language movies as they are now?
Can I watch my downloaded movies on Chromecast?
Is The Ghazi Attack a rip-off of the Hollywood movie called USS Seaviper (2012)?
Star Wars: Did Vader ever laugh after being put in his suit?
Which part of the “Baahubali” story would you change and why?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
What kind of religions exist in Star Wars?
What are China made films that depicts 2nd Sino-Japanese?
What is the status the Gambit movie from Fox?
What was the collection till yesterday of Baahubali 2?
Are all of the people in the movie Suicide Squad DC?
What's so Indian about the movie series Baahubali?
Which one provides the best Tollywood gossip?
Was there a dearth of good horror movies in the 1990s?
Why is the Hindi version of Drishyam so different?
What is Ridley Scott's opinion on James Cameron's Aliens?
What are the best English social movies?
Which is the worst movie you paid to watch in this year?
Is there any app to download movies?
Can Gordon Miller watch a film and work? I read that he has ADD and he’s able to multitask very well.
Who is your personal choice of an actor who should replace Daniel Craig's role in the next James Bond films?
What was the quote at the end of Fast and Furious 7?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
Why don't people like Christopher Nolan and Stanley Kubrick ever win Oscars? Even though they create masterpieces?
How likely are we to create artificial intelligence like in the movies (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ex Machina)?
Which is the best Hollywood horror movie in 2015?
If they were to do a original middle earth movie what would you want to see in it?
In the Silence movie, when Andrew Garfield apostatized against their Lord, why in the end of the movie did he still have Jesus’ symbol?
What role is Ice Cube suitable for in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
How can I watch any Hollywood movie with subtitles for free?
Are there any movies directed in Pak which are India friendly, like the way we have Bajrangi, Veer-Zaara, and Happy Bhaag Jayegi? Haters stay away.
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What or how many movies was John Wayne was named Duke?
Why do people say that Vin Diesel is a bad actor? Is he a bad actor? Does he play his roles in a dumb way?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
In The Dark Knight, how does Batman have such great plot armor, but then his back is suddenly broken by Bane in The Dark Knight Rises?
Is there a more bitterly ironic statement at the end of a movie than the words at the very end of My Own Private Idaho’s “Have a Nice Day”?
Have you ever been into a film like scenario?
How did Xenomorphs originate?
What is the role of Coke in the preparation of silicon?
What do you think about the Tamil film Varanam Aayiram? I need an answer from Neil Menon (if you saw this movie).
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
What is the highest grossing Hindi movie in Tamilnadu?
Why are films about Batman way more popular or successful than films about Spiderman?
Why does Mahendra Bahubali strip Avantika?
What is one of the biggest flops in history?
How can I download an HD version of the movie Baahubali 2?
Why is there no movie based on the novel Call of the Wild in the 21st century?
The new 3D effects in movies have been added to movies not originally filmed in 3D. Can the new 3D be added to old 3D movies from the ‘50s and ‘60s?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
Is there any chance that extended version DVDs of the Baahubali duology will be released in the near future?
Whose anime movies do you enjoy watching more: Hayao Miyazaki's or Makoto Shinkai's?
Would Deathstroke have been a better villain than Bane in the Batman movie The Dark Knight Rises?
What is the problem of some Egyptians with the best actor of their country, Adel Imam?
What are your five favorite movies and why did they make such a impression on you?
Is there a comic book or novel prequel to the movie “X-Men: Days of Future Past”?
Was the Warren story a report or a transcription from Alice in Wonderland?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
Is the Hollywood film industry a sophisticated CIA front?
Will Baahubali 2, after reaching 1000+ crores, make another sequel?
I recently watched The Guardians of the Galaxy 2 after reading some negative reviews that, I think, were baseless.Can someone with the same view help?
Which are SRK’s good movies?
How can I distribute my independent film?
Is the new Harry Potter movie going to arrive in 2018?
What is the starting budget for a community movie theater in Toronto and Berlin?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
How can I search a director’s biography on Bloomberg (i.e., all the directors in FTSE 250 all together)?
Where can I watch Sholay 3D?
Why do Malayalees like Tamil movies?
What animation software was used in the Baahubali movie?
Is the 1991 remake of the movie “A Kiss Before Dying” better than the original one (1956)?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
Why didn’t the movie “Hamari Adhuri Kahani” hit box office?
Why is the whole Bollywood silent with the success of Bahubali 2?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
In the end of the movie IT, how can a powerful ancient creature be killed by being hit with a rock and then toppled to the side like a cow?
Where was the movie Bahubali made?
How do I watch the movie, Partner, online?
How do script writers quantify if a script is 'beyond the budget constraints' of a given movie?
Will Superman return in the next Justice League movie?
What is the least believable thing about the Pirates of the Carribean series?
What are your top ten macho, manly movies?
Does a movie being good or bad affect the nomination of its individual parts for an Oscar?
What's the best successful ads in the movies?
What is the phone used in John Wick 2?
Is a degree needed for becoming a filmmaker?
In how many films have Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan worked together?
What are upcoming Hindi movies in August 2017?
Is there more than one Darksaber in Star Wars?
Why have some Bollywood singers shifted from Bollywood to South Indian films to Ad films?
Why isn’t Bollywood praising Rajamouli’s Baahubali 2 success?
Can you suggest the top 5 movies that are able to motivate a student?
Where can I watch the movie “Fair Tail: Dragon Cry”?
Which film will you watch this weekend: Half Girlfriend or Hindi Medium?
When popular music is used in movies, would it be "used with permission"?
What specific parts of Braveheart are accurate?
Can I kiss my girlfriend inside a movie theater?
Why was 'UP' written on the envelope of Judge Surillo in Batman The Dark Knight movie?
Why do I seem to enjoy films of the 80s and 90s as compared to the 2000s and 2010s?
What do we get out of the movie "Hindi Medium"?
Who is the worst female protagonist in a Tollywood movie?
When will we ever see a canon novelization of the prequel trilogy of Star Wars?
How do I start a website that streams new movies and sitcoms legally?
Where can I learn filmmaking and screenwriting online for free (with links, if possible)?
Which movie do you think you shouldn't have watched?
Can you think of films where one character is an idealist and the other is cynical/skeptical, and their roles are reversed halfway through?
Which other South movie is loved in the North other than the “Baahubali” series?
Where was the movie Rebellious Flower shot?
In Logan, why did Laura's guardian try to find Logan?
What is one observation you made but nobody has mentioned so far on Quora about Baahubali 2?
Is there any way to register a movie script for free, without a Union card?
Who is the best actor in Tamil cinema, ajith or Vijay?
Are dangal box office figures in China real?
In the event of an apocalyptic breakdown of a government, would society truly devolve to chaos as we see predicted in movies & books?
Indian movies are not thought-provoking. Do you subscribe to that view?
How do you get subtitles on online videos?
Before YouTube was invented; could you watch movie trailers online?
Why are homosexuals shown always as a caricature in Bollywood movies?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
Seeing his performance in Masaan and Aankhon Dekhi, can we say that Sanjay Mishra is a better actor than Naseeruddin Shah or Om Puri?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
What is your opinion on superhero movies being one of the most popular genres right now?
What are some of the Bollywood movies based on goal setting?
Are all foreign movies required to be dubbed in Japanese cinemas?
What are the most well known movie quotes?
Why should the so called Bollywood stars be paid a fortune for displaying their vulgarity on the big screen?
What punch dialogue is very much famous in North Indian movies?
What are some good movies about Hollywood actors besides Mulholland Drive?
I want to ask a company to sponsor a short film project (and I have an idea how it could promote their brand). How do I approach them?
How does Tarantino feel about Christopher Nolan?
What can we expect from Baywatch (2017)?
What will the all-time box office rank for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 be on May 23, 2017?
What scenes in the 2016 Disney film Zootopia does Rich Moore direct?
How can I rip and put DVD movies on Nabi tablets?
Is it possible for the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" to actually happen?
What are your favourite 10/10 Bollywood movies?
What are some of the best suspense Bollywood movies that I can watch on YouTube or Hotstar?
What is the difference between documentary and docudrama?
Since Baahubali is made in two languages, Tamil and Telugu, does it mean that all of the scenes were shot twice?
Is there any other song similar/related to Tujhse Naraaz Nahi Zindagi from the movie Masoom?
What is the movie 'Fantastic Beasts' about, and how is it related to Harry Potter?
Was the Malayalam movie Urumi as appreciated as it should have been?
What is the best free website for streaming Hindi movies?
What is the butter flavoring at the movie theaters made of?
Is it weird that I watch movie reviews after I have watched the movie?
What is bad acting?
Which video game based movies do we hope to see in the future?
How do they make actors/actresses look so good?
What are the best world movies torrent sites to download?
Is it true in China you can download recent western movies legally and for free?
What are the best websites for Tollywood cinema?
Who are the top 10 Hollywood actors of all time?
How can I find the movie about football club?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Will X-23 appear in X-Men: The New Mutants (2018)?
Do movie film crews get boners when shooting a sexy scene?
How did David defeat Walter in Alien: Covenant? Wasn't Walter an updated version?
What is the best African movie you've ever seen?
Are there any horror films from the 1960s that would be considered scary by today's standards?
Do you think there's a chance for a sequel for Spider-Man: Homecoming?
Can you tell me where can I download Nana Patekar’s movie 'Prahaar'?
What is your favourite thing about hunting?
What is the musical instrument used at 48:40 in the movie "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi (2013)"?
Which are the sitcoms which you should watch before you die?
What are some things that you love about avant-garde films?
Where can I get “The Reader” dubbed in Hindi?
Are 3D glasses included?
What did you like about A Dog's Purpose?
What films have the theme, "the same day recurs when the actor/actress awakes"?
Which is the best website for downloading all types of movies?
The way Hollywood depicts the CIA, is it somewhat realistic at all?
Why did Netflix remove ratings?
Which Emma Watson movies are available in Hindi?
What are some songs on Lord Shiva featured in movies of any language (something like Kochadaiyaan and Bahubali)?
Am I the only one who thinks Baahubali 2 is overrated and over hyped?
Are Indian people very excited for the movie "Sachin: A Billion Dreams"?
What was the first Disney film to feature closing credits?
Which movies would fans of "The Mask" (1994) like?
Which action movie(s) have the most accurate and realistic portrayals of gun fights?
Why didn't Weyland Utani send a bunch of Walters instead of a human crew?
Why do established actors sometimes do nonsensical movies?
Can I use a movie logo if I'm buying tickets for it?
Where can I find out more about the movie Interstellar?
Where can I watch, “Happy New Year” with English subtitles?
Who is the creepiest clown in TV, books, and/or movies?
What's your favorite innuendo?
If you could change one thing about your favourite movie/game/book, etc., what would it be?
Are Indians films being shot in Pakistan?
If you happen to direct a movie in the future, what would be its theme?
Is it advisable to watch English movies and listen to English songs to learning English?
Is it true there will be another movie like the Suicide Squad?
Which mutants or metahumans from any fictional universe that haven’t been on screen/had little screen time would you like to see portrayed more & why?
If you could change anything about Star Wars: The Force Awakens, what would you change and why?
Have you seen any movies about the Vietnam war? How true-to-life are they?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
Where could I download new Kannada movies without torrent?
What secrets has the River Thames not released yet?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
What are Roger moore’s 10 most popular films?
Have you ever seen a movie that simultaneously displays subtitles in multiple languages?
What movies should I watch to improve my British English?
Has anyone watched the movie 'The Story of O’? What do you think about it?
How is 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun' the biggest hit of Indian cinema when adjusted for inflation?
What do you feel about the theory that James Bond is a code name used by multiple people?
What are some movies or books related to being single? (Like 500 days of summer)?
Which movies are considered bold in your country?
What is the English song used in OK Jaanu (Hindi movie) during the wedding scene at the church?
Why is there a sense of urgency in movies where they can travel through time?
Who would win a fight between John Wick and Agent 47?
What movies have Marvel actors Co-starred in together outside of the MCU?
Did you enjoy Moana?
Which is the best horror movie?
What are the best websites to upload a subtitle file for a short film?
Where can I find a complete list of songs from the movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword?
What are the strangest, weirdest movies ever made?
Are Bollywood movies released in English abroad?
Which Indian director has directed the most number of films?
In movies and/or animated shows where time travel exists, it is said that you shouldn't alter the timeline. Why?
What do westerners think about Bahubali movies?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
Baahubali is as much a Tamil film as it is a Telugu film. Why do people refer to Baahubali as a Telugu film?
What did you learn from the movie Arya 2 (Allu Arjun)?
In BAHUBALI 2 why the director does not show the heroes training for fight? Is he forgot about it or what?
How would you rank the MCU film villains?
How do I download the Marathi movie Anvat?
Which actors and actresses deserve the accolades if there were no politics in the Academy Awards (or any awards)?
What is the best dialogue/speech in recent films?
Can an Indian movie in English be selected for the Oscars general category?
What is the name of the Spanish song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene where Toretto and his wife were in their bedroom?
How did The Secret movie/book change your life? Any real life experiences?
What are some things that can be done now to help me get into the film industry?
The Martian has a good story line, but does the movie skip over explanations just for entertainment?
Why are the X-Men movies so poor compared to the Marvel movies?
What happened at the end of Lost?
What are some movies that have "too much action" to you?
Do actors ever actually ask directors 'What's my motivation?'?
Who is the best actor for Dhoom 4?
What is the meaning of the dialogue 'No means no' from the movie Pink?
Which cinema hall has a box in Kolkata?
Could Forrest Gump have been court-martialed for not leaving Lieutenant Dan behind as Lieutenant Dan ordered him to do?
Can Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara be termed a psychological film?
Do you have own movie theater in your home for your family only?
Why, in the Wizard of Oz film, does nobody see Dorothy as a killer?
Do actors go into acting because of fame/attention?
How do I greenlight the next Cloverfield sequel?
Is there any app to download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
In what order should I watch Haikyuu?
What should happen in the Batgirl movie?
Which movie would you recommend to watch for improving English speaking?
How many MB would it take to watch a normal Bollywood movie?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is your favorite book/movie/TV show?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
How do you feel about the new replacement terminal coming to the Hollywood Burbank Airport?
If you had 1 month to live, what movies and TV shows would you watch? Why?
Why didn’t the police search for Andy Dufresne after he escaped from Shawshank?
Does diplomacy always win in real life?
Which elements are necessary for making a film?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
In which movies was John Wayne named Duke?
In which film does Michael Clarke Duncan act as a gangleader and participate in a game of killing other gang leaders?
How late into post-production was the title "Revenge of the Jedi" still being used for Star Wars VI?
What is the dish that Aamir Khan and Preity Zinta have in a scene in Singapore in the movie Dil Chahta Hai?
Where can I find somebody to reenact the scene from the Wolf of Wall Street where Naomi talks about not wearing underwear?
Which quality should I prefer while downloading movies or any videos from the internet?
Will there be a spin off movie for The Lord of the Rings?
If a stalker that was harassing an actor/actress and got a restraining order, would he or she be allowed to watch the films that the victim was in?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
Is the story of Shin Chan true?
What is the language of the film Sachin Tendylkar?
What is your favorite part of the movie Up?
When dubbing was introduced to India, what was the first thing to get dubbed?
What are some calming pictures with horrifying backstories?
When a film has 10 producers, do they expect different things or the same thing from the film?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Where would Roger Moore rank among the actors who played James Bond?
Is the work atmosphere shown in the movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” accurate?
Could the Men in Black (1997 movie) defeat the Chitari invasion from the Avengers (2012)?
Do you think Logan (2017) deserves an Oscar or at least a nomination?
How does a guy enter the adult film industry?
Where can one find some movie critiques for the movie Gandhi by Richard Attenborough?
Are there any movies that explore what life would’ve been like for family and friends if the protagonist never existed?
Do you have the Hindi dubbed version of the Telugu movie Happy Days?
Can somebody tell me from where I can download the Armistice (2013) movie?
Name some films which would have been much better with a different director and explain why?
When are new movies added to Hotstar?
On what basis are the prices of movie tickets fixed?
What makes films to win Oscars?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
Can we watch the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales with the whole family?
What are the other short films Nolan directed apart from "The Following"?
How would Yareal Poof's story, the Robot Chicken version, fit into Star Wars canon?
Which takes more man-hours, an animated film or a non-animated film?
If Warner Brothers bought the movie rights to Spider-Man from Sony, could they use him in a movie with Batman and other DC characters?
What would the Star Wars Rebels characters look like if it was live action?
How was the movie 'Half Girlfriend'?
How many people like the film Baahubali 2?
What is the best ever torrent site to download any movie or app?
Are WWE matches real or fake? I have heard from many guys that it is scripted and shot like a film shoot.
Does Russia have any Red Dawn type movies showing an American invasion?
In which film did a nun bobblehead appear in a car? It might have been in any of Tarantino’s films, or films like that.
Which are the must watch Latin American movies?
Can we play Blu-Ray movies or 1080p movies on a Lenovo Yoga Tab 3?
If the original trilogy films were like samurai films, then what are the prequels and new trilogy films?
How do I get my screenplay made in the Tamil film industry?
Which is the best website for downloading Hollywood and Bollywood movies in HD?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
Is The Godfather the greatest movie ever?
Why is the language used in movies hard to understand?
Which are the best sites to download new Hindi movies?
Is Bahubali 2 the greatest movie in Indian cinema?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
What became of Lion's Saroo's 2 brothers, Mantosh and Sadhu? The film doesn't answer that.
How do I watch Blu-ray movies via a 2017 Nvidia Shield TV?
Which is the best Kolkata movie theatre: Inox Quest or Cinepolis Acropolis?
What dictated the seemingly inflated talent fees of Hollywood actors? Why does an average movie cost millions of dollars to make?
How do you feel about a Deadpool/moonknight team up Marvel movie?
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What are the best incest movies, like the Taboo series?
What scene in a movie has the most gunfire blasting?
What are some of the must watch English, Hindi, and Bengali movies that people don't know about?
What lessons does Baahubali offer other than being the biggest blockbuster ever?
What is the best James Bond movie to which to introduce kids to the films?
What is the title of the Woody Allen movie in which a Jewish character listens to Hitler speeches?
Which is the best website to watch online Telugu movies?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
What do you think about the ending of Alien: Covenant?
How many polycount per character is reasonable for making pre-rendered 3D movie?
How do they make cartoon films?
What happened with the INS Vikrant (R11)?
What makes Daniel Craig appalling as James Bond?
Does anyone recognize the beauty of the first frame of “Guardians of the Galaxy” on the IMAX 3D screen, where Ego's character drove off of the fields?
What are your favourite rom-com movies?
Do you also think Tom Hardy was a better actor than Leonardo Dicaprio in The Revenant?
Why does the media not give as much attention to the Bahubali stars as compared to the attention received by the Bollywood actors and actresses?
How does an actor/actress' partner feel about them regularly having to kiss other people?
Is Don Johnson a good or bad actor?
In the film industry, is the best boy a gaffer or a (key) grip?
How do Star Wars gravity generators work?
How you see YouTubers who talk about events, games or themselves in front of camera and guys who do the same in form of good looking short films?
Is Sooryavansham the most telecasted movie of all time?
Where can I watch free Hindi TV series and movies ​online (Web Plus app)?
Why is John Wick such a kick ass movie?
What are some must watch movies like those of Takovsky's?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Assuming it was properly licensed, would it be better for the web as a whole for people to stream a Netflix movie or download via torrents?
How can I download bahubali 2 full movie in HD?
Why are Christians trying to ban books and movies like Harry Potter and His Dark Materials from the general public?
What are your reasons for not liking Hollywood?
What would be some great ideas for a Zootopia sequel?
Doesn’t all of this introverted intuition and INFJ stuff resemble a movie about Stephen King's book, 1408?
Will anybody talk of the duration 00:58:57 to 01:01:03 of Baahubali: The Beginning movie?
Why is the Pakistani media mocking the Baahubali movie?
Why does Hollywood talk about Mexico in American movies a lot?
What is the journey of the movie industry in the US?
Which movie did you enjoy watching the most in a theater?
Are there movies depicting real martial arts?
What are some good movies in which the good guy doesn't win?
Why did the Chinese love the “Dangal” movie?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever watched?
Why does Brad Pitt only make war movies?
What is your review of “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” (2017 movie)? Is the mage in the movie related to Merlin?
Is it possible for Pixar to ever make a live-action movie?
Will I most likely be successful if I major in film production?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
Where can I download the Bollywood movie “Khamosh” (1985)?
Why is it considered to be a bad thing for people who are rich or influential to finance their own movies?
Are film actors given too much intellectual space in India?
Why are films such an effective way of conveying significant themes and ideas?
Which Hollywood actresses sleep with directors and producers?
I am very interested in bringing back the "movie palace" cinema, how should I go about that?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
Are there any movies in Hollywood and Bollywood which is based on a narcissist?
What are some trivia about one of your favourite movies?
Why can't India make more innovative films? Is SS Rajamouli the only innovator India has?
One of my friend used torrent to download a movie. Is he in trouble?
What happens at the end of the movie The Words?
Guys, we all know that we can download newly released Hindi and English movies from torrent sites. But how can I get newly released Bengali films?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for Hindi movies?
Who is the second attacker in the movie, Memento?
Why did Turner fall in love with the mermaid?
While shooting sex scenes in Asian movies, do the actresses actually get naked?
Why has Bahubali 2 become a blockbuster movie?
When will they make the sequel to Bladerunner, or “Bladerunner 2”?
How would King Kong treat regular gorillas?
Does becoming an adult film actor/porn star can interfere with my professional movie/film acting?
What are some really brilliant ambient or electronic film scores?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
Will there be a brand new Spider-Man in the upcoming Venom Movie or no Spider-Man at all since this new Spiderverse is not related to the MCU?
What is your most favorite European sci-fi film?
How many Indian actress worked in Hollywood?
What's the best way to improve the cinematography in my films?
What did you learn from the Steve Jobs movie?
What is the Pirates of the Caribbean chronology?
Which is the best horror movie in recent days?
Are the conditions of actresses in the Bollywood film industry accurate to as they are portrayed in the Spotlight web series & Heroine movie?
Is it better renting movies from Redbox than buying them?
Are some war strategies and fighting techniques shown in the Bahubali movie series copied from other movies?
What do you think about the character of Divyanka Tripathi, a popular television actress?
What are some Disney cartoon movies which we will love to see?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
Is the character of Bahubali in the movie inspired by Arvind Kejriwal?
How difficult are the fight scenes in the films of Matt Damon, Tom Cruise, Keanu Reeves, etc.? Is there any real MA there?
KickassTorrents used to be a good site for Afrikaans movies. Is there anywhere else?
Where is the best source to cast actors for low budget films?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
How can I go in Bollywood?
What are the best Tollywood photoshoots?
How can I download the Marathi super-hit movie, Sairat, dubbed in Hindi?
Which are the movies similar to Captain Philips and Non-Stop?
Is there footage of Jackie Chan in a real competition?
Which movie do you prefer, Captain America: Civil War or Marvel's The Avengers?
What do South Indians think when foreigners identify Baahubali as a Bollywood movie?
Why are recent Kannada movies using names or references to hit movies or legendary personalities’ names?
Which actress/actor you like in India most and why?
Why is south Indian movie industry so obsessed with showing navels?
Is the premise of the movie "God is NOT Dead" utterly ridiculous?
I've edited two short films and now I need to make a portfolio, how should I go about it?
Is film literature?
Why has JYK (condors369) stopped uploading movies on thepiratebay.org?
Why didn’t Toneri Ōtsutsuki help Momoshiki and Kinshiki in the movie Boruto?
Are the adverts/trailers shown in the beginning/interval of a movie included in the film reel?
Which actors have done films free of cost in Bollywood?
How do we dub any language into Hindi?
Is it legal to film in a cemetery?
Which was Vinod Khanna's last movie in 1982?
Why are people angry about Joss Whedon directing the Batgirl movie?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
If James Bond was a girl what will her name be?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
Bahubali 2 was a disappointment. Am I alone to think so?
What are the evolutionary purposes of Ridley Scott's alien's bizarre anatomical structure and hostile behavior?
Is the HD print of Bahubali coming or not?
How can I download Korean movies with my phone legally free online?
Why does Tara beg/plead to be with Ved in the movie Tamasha?
What is your favourite collaborative, award-winning animated movie? Why?
Is there a Hindi-dubbed movie of “Theri”?
Why do so many horror movies involve stupid teens / early 20’s?
You are forced to watch the same movie every day of your life. Which one would you choose?
Do I need to watch the previous Alien movies before I see Alien Covenant?
What's the greatest found footage film of all time?
If a movie is to be made about true events, who gives the permission to do so?
Which director is the most suitable person to direct Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's biopic?
Which is the best Hindi movie dialogue you have ever heard of?
Please suggest the name of a TV program which is based on a film review?
Why are we (Bollywood) not making any movies with some amount of intellect? How long do we plan on making love stories with different packaging?
What song, movie or TV series are you ashamed to admit that you like?
Are there any sites where you can download Tamil, Hindi and Kannada movies in Blu-ray?
How I can download the Baahubali 2 full movie?
What is your review of Hindi Medium (2017 movie)?
Which was the best Tamil film ever?
How do I find publicity films?
Can we meet Hollywood or Bollywood stars at the Cannes Film Festival?
What is story of the movie 2057 which Bollywood directors are directing along the lines of Bahubali?
Can I request a cinema hall to show a movie which I want?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
If both Mitsuha and Taki from Your Name were to watch the MCU Avengers movie, what will they say and think about it?
Why didn't John Carpenter and John Mctiernan get more success?
What are the best lines from movies?
What will you name a 26 movies series using all the 26 letters of the alphabet in the start?
What is that the sci-fi movie where humans are killing aliens in another planet and where they kidnap their queen?
Why is Baahubali so hyped and has become a symbol of Hindu nationalism rather than just being another Indian movie?
Are there any movies/media with making of/behind the scenes of porn movies?
How I can get discounted movie tickets?
Where can I find the movie “Machine” (2017)?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
Can hydrogen be burned manually? Is everything that NASA sends to space fire retardant? I’m asking this for a project on a scene from the movie, "The Martian".
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
What is the reverse engineering of movie industry?
Who would you thank if you won the Oscars?
What are some of the best underrated sci-fi horror films?
Why is it that even the non-dialogue scenes in “Baahubali 1” are different in the Tamil and Telugu versions?
What makes you like epic movies?
What do you think of the movie 'A Dog's Purpose’?
Why don't they shoot movies and television shows at Disney's Hollywood Studios (Disney MGM Studios) and Universal Studios in Florida anymore?
How and where should I start if I want to start working in the film industry as a writer and director?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
What don't you like about Baahubali?
What are some entertaining old sci-fi/ fantasy movies?
What song did Emad Etesami and Rana sing together in the Iranian movie The Salesman?
How do people differentiate good or bad from an actor/actress's acting skills?
How can I get the download link of the song "Raunakein Tham Tham Ke" by Kavita Seth from the movie "Trishna"? (2011)?
In the movie The Brothers Grimsby we see the brother sucking the ball of his brother, was it real?
What is the most brilliant thing in a movie?
What is the least believable thing about the Matrix?
What do most Americans think about the actresses who go nude in movies?
Where can I download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
Is there any link to download the Rudramadevi Telugu movie?
What is the difference between cameras for still photography and movie making/film?
Do I need to watch the Sherlock movie before series 3?
Should we watch Pirates of the Caribbean with family?
What is your box office predictions for big Indian movies releasing this year?
Can you explain the ending of Interstellar (2014)?
How do you think Baahubali 2 will fare in China?
What is the box office collection of Sarkar 3 (2017 movie)?
What is a good movie for a child?
I have to do a drama class projects. What is a good genre for a silent film?
If your life were a movie, would you let your parents watch it?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu films filled with overacting (dialogue), the objectification of women, and extreme heroism?
Was the Titanic movie a real life story?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What were some notable ripoff films that were released in the 1970's?
Should I watch movies in the theater or on a network?
If the trailers for upcoming movies look really good, why don't they just release the movie?
What movie reminds you of your life?
Is Sonarika Bhadoria a good actress? Can she act in the films in Bollywood?
Why do people watch Salman Khan's movies if they hate him so much?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
When rewatching a film with a plot twist, should the film be viewed as if one were watching it for the first time or with the viewer's new knowledge?
Why, in TV serials or film, can't we see the cameras in front of mirrors, and which effect is this?
How true are the events portrayed in the movie, "Snowden"?
Who do you think can play Itachi Uchiha (Naruto) in a film?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
What will you do if you are president for one day as shown in some Telugu movie?
Why is Baahubali 2 breaking all records? What is so special about this movie?
Can you name some movies that are like The Sandlot?
What is the duration of copyright for any movie or TV series?
What are the six important signs and symbols that the novel “Silence of Lambs” by Thomas Harris relies on to create an impression of horror?
What is so great about the Gadar movie?
How are fight scenes shot so that they appear to be happening faster than possible?
Which are the website that gives genuine reviews to movies?
What is the best date to date?
In the 2012 Hindi movie Chakravyuh, what happens in the climax?
What are the motives of the Android David in the Alien franchise?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Where can I download dhruva Telugu movie in HD?
What accent does Alex in A Clockwork Orange have?
How much reality is there in the movie Interstellar?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
What is your review of Half Girlfriend (2017 movie)?
How do I become a person who selects which movies to be played at the Cannes Film Festival?
Which Indian film industry does Raju Singh work in?
What are the most touching scenes in Baahubali 2?
Do you think we'll ever get a Daria sequel?
With most of the websites blocked nowadays, can anyone suggest a website where I could download Indian Bollywood, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, etc. movies?
What are the movies that worth our valuable time?
Why don't celebrities’ kids go to acting school before acting in films?
Which is the best "Beauty and the Beast" film, Hollywood version or French version?
Do people actually have sex in movies scenes?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
How much of the 1500 crores from Baahubali 2 goes to the producers?
Why do people easily trust strangers in movies but not in real life?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for half girlfriend Hindi movie?
After a long day at work, how can I motivate myself to write my own TV shows and movies instead of napping and watching TV all evening?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
Which movie is better, Aayirathil Oruvan or Baahubali?
How long does it take to film an episode?
Which is the best horror- thriller movie ever in Hollywood?
Have you ever written a movie script or novel without any planning, just to see where it goes?
Is Joss Whedon directing Justice League? What's up with the recent reshoots with the movie?
Which of the Harry Potter movies are the most and least satisfying adaptations?
What do you think about Sony's coming up movie Venom?
How can I see an English version movie converted into Hindi audio?
What are your favourite movie and why? Is there any hidden meanings?
Which elements are necessary for film?
Who should act as Krishna in the upcoming Mahabharata movie(s) project?
Is the story of the Insidious movie brilliant?
What do Sri Lankans think about the film Bahubali?
Did Blade Runner's "tears in rain" monologue have a philosophical message behind it?
How is the industry for digital film making?
What percentage of spy work is sort of like the movies? When spy work becomes sort of like the movies, how movie-like does it get?
How can I watch Jadoo High?
Can you tell me a movie that everybody likes but you don't? And why?
What is the answer to why Kattappa killed Bahubali? Who is Ballaladeva’s (Rana) wife?
Why do the Chinese like Dangal, the movie?
Why do you think "Baahubali" got the hype it acquired?
What are the greatest performances of Setsuko Hara?
Which are the must-watch Hollywood movies from 1990-2017?
Why isn't "Hollywood Reporter" praising Aishwarya Rai's Cannes Film Festival outfit the way "TOI" is doing?
What are the 10 best French-language, made-in-France films from between 2000 and 2015?
Which actress should have played Ginny?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
What are your best money/weapon/drugs movies?
What are your favourite 10/10 Tollywood movies?
How much does it cost to produce an indoor-quality ad film of 3 minutes?
In Bahubali, who is Bhadra's mother?
Is movie.vidmate.mobi safe to download and use? Are there any reviews of its general use?
In Baahubali 2, did Prabhas’ acting show signs of self-importance?
How do I get a role in Bollywood movies?
Are Tamil movies released in Hyderabad in Tamil?
How do movies and TV series get the best ratings on IMDB and popularity among people, even when they contain nude and sex scenes?
Is it better to watch TV series or movies?
Why does Bollywood not make well written/researched commercial movies like 'Sarfarosh' anymore?
Why are people who like to listen to movie scores/soundtracks considered nerds?
How were old movies colourised?
How do you come up with the characters and plots for your novellas?
Why is Salman Khan still a bachelor?
Do you think that Marathi characters in Bollywood movies are often shown as rural, while almost half of the population of Marathi people live in an urban area?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
How do I get movies legally to do critical videos like Nerdwriter or Every Frame a Painting?
What are some reviews for Guardians Of the Galaxy 2? What would be a comparison with other MCU movies?
What does Jack Fraser think about the new Star Trek trailer?
Why are dubbed versions of regional cinema released in Hindi with ridiculous titles?
In which language is the movie Dangal released in China?
Where can I watch “Detective Conan Movie 21″?
If you got the role of Road Warrior Hawk from Legion of Doom for a movie, what workout, diet, and drugs would you do to get prepared for the role?
What formats do actors commonly get dossiers of their characters' in?
Why do we love the movie "The Breakfast Club" so much?
Who is the dead man and what is his folly in Agatha Christie's Dead Man's Folly?
Is it worthwhile watching Baahubali 2 in 4K, as it may require a minimum viewing distance in a cinema hall?
Which movie is better, Good Will Hunting or The Blues Brothers?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do real ghosts and demons look like their movie counterparts?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
Where can I watch/download Hindi dubbed English movies online? (paid/free)
Does Alien: Covenant help connect Prometheus to rest of the Alien films?
Is there an app to watch free Harry Potter movies?
What's the difference between best screenplay and best picture?
Do movies increase our knowledge?
What's your favourite movie based on a novel?
What is a way to find work in the film industry?
Have you seen anyone get jilted at the altar in real life like they show on TV? Do you know what happened?
What is the track that’s played in the biggest, loudest, craziest party scene from the 2016 Trolls movie?
How many Guardian of the Galaxy movies do you think there will be, and why?
Will Lavalantula turn into a film series like Sharknado?
Why do producers and directors make a movie even though they know it’s going to be a massive flop?
What is the actor Wilson Bethel doing now?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
Will Baahubali 2 pave the way for erasing the Bollywood-Tollywood differences and for the emergence of a common Indiwood platform??
When will Avatar 2 be released?
Do Bollywood movies show nudity?
If you could turn any arc of The Clone Wars into a full-lengthed live-action, big-budget movie, which would you choose and why?
Which actor has the craziest female fan following?
Who is the sexiest actor of Hollywood?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
Why are male choirs used in sinister scenes in movies?
What shows should one watch to get modernized/westernized?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
Who have watched the movie The Shack and what do you think about it?
I have a moral dilemma, I want to watch the new Doctor Who but my family wants to watch it with me. What should I do?
Is there any male leading actor in a 21st century blockbuster Hollywood non-action movie who is 100% East Asian-looking?
Which Batmobile would win, Batmobile from Batman v Superman vs Batmobile from Justice League?
Where can I get the Sarrainodu movie (2016) in Hindi?
Why does Anushka Shetty look so different in Baahubali 2 than she looks in the movie promotions?
Which is the most genuine website for movie reviews or ratings?
What’s a movie that absolutely petrified you?
What would your reaction be if Forrest Gump got transferred into your squad?
Has the image of SS Rajamouli improved considerably after the success of Baahubali 2?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
What were stoners’ best ever highdeas?
Is Tiger Shroff capable of playing an intense character like Rambo?
Is this the proper way to film a gunshot explosion in a film?
What are the best action Hollywood movies?
Do you have to be a Christian to be in a Christian movie?
What was the role of Karan Johar in Baahubali’s production?
What do people from India think of Leonardo DiCaprio?
Is Blade Runner 2049 (2017) going to be any good?
What are notable depictions of sibling negotiations in film or literature?
How do movies make close up throat cutting scenes look so real?
Why are Fast and Furious movies still being made, and why are they grossing so much?
What is the date of Allu Arjun’s new movie audio?
Should I watch the Khule-Aam sexy Yaara movie?
Do any of you guys think all of the Harry Potter movies are connected somehow?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
What is the most underrated thing about Bollywood?
Is there any platform where I can get in touch with trained short film directors in Hyderabad for my channel?
If someone asked you to watch only one movie every day, which movie would you choose?
How do professional filmmakers feel about YouTube movie reviewers with large followings?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
Would acting in movies be a good job?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
Who could get me a list of inspiring movies?
How does a film director narrate/explain a romantic scene to both actor and actress?
In your opinion, what is the best score written for a movie?
Can autistic people become screenwriters?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest movies and TV series?
How would you contain a Xenomorph?
Do you think Julie Walters could be the greatest British actress of all time?
How does one reproduce film quality like this with a cheaper camera?
Where can I find a movie producer for a story that I have? I'd like to make the story into a short movie. How much do you think it will cost?
What are the softwares, that are used to create the movie, Zootopia?
Where can I get Hindi dubbed versions of Tamil cult movies like Nayagan, Thalapathi etc.?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
How far is the movie about Pulikecei true? Is he really the Tughlaq of South India?
Why have Tim Burtons movies deteriorated in quality in recent years?
What are Tamil actor Vijay's best movies?
Which cinemas have couples seats in Kolkata?
Why are Indian films not as famous as Chinese films in the USA?
Is the scenario presented in the movie, "The Day After Tommorow" possible?
Do you expect Bahubali 2 to be nominated for the Oscars? If so, what are the winning chances?
Which are the best 10 motivational movies?
Is it only me or anyone out there who thinks the Sachin movie trailer falls flat?
Why is Hollywood sexually liberal?
Suppose Baahubali 3 was to be made with a budget of 500 crores. Can Rajamouli raise the amount from a share market, for a movie?
Which is better? The Baahubali duology or The Lord of The Rings trilogy? Why?
Should I watch Riverdale? Is it interesting or worth watching?
What's best way to download the latest movies?
What have some of the Hollywood directors done for earning money before they became famous?
In Star Wars: A New Hope (1977), what would have happened if the droids’ escape pod had been destroyed?
What was the name of the dish that Kangana Ranaut's character "Rani" ordered in the movie 'Queen' after which she vomited?
Why shouldn't I be discouraged to become a filmmaker?
How are graphics different from animation in movies?
How are bilingual movies like Baahubali shot so that they are able to replicate the scenes in the other language as well?
What are some best sites for downloading Hollywood movies in HD?
Is Rajnikanth's Baba movie a flop?
Where can I watch (or download) the Sleuth (1972) movie?
Is Logan the most realistic movie set in the future?
Is there a possibility that Bahubali and Magadheera share the same universe?
What book should Hollywood make (or remake) into a movie?
Where can I download the audio track for the movie "Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya"?
Can you recommend to me good teen movies or movies that are about life in school?
What is the best action and adventure show on Netflix right now?
Is Moana based on Maori culture?
What is the most horrifying true story?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
What song is in the trailer for Alien:Covenant (2017)?
In "Alien: Covenant", how was David superior to Walter?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
Do you know about any school shootings inspired by movies?
Is there any way I can remove this arrow-like mark randomly appearing in a movie?
Why is the movie Battleship Potemkin considered propaganda?
Where can I watch Arrow online, without any signup?
What do you like about movies?
How many cinemas do Ethiopians have?
Will the upcoming movie 'Tiger Zinda Hai' save Katrina's career?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Who's a better film director, Clint Eastwood or Martin Scorsese?
Why are Republican actors essentially getting blacklisted in Hollywood?
What's the last movie you paid money to see and didn't regret afterwards?
What are some of the best time-travelling movies you have seen? Would you recommend them to everyone who loves these kinds of movies?
If Shah Rukh Khan is the biggest movie star in the world, then why don't his movies break the all-time collection records?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
Why are mainstream films so average these days? Hear me out.
What are the great movies that were made on the basis of psychology, a quest for the meaning of life, love, travel around the world, etc.?
Who is the real hero of the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
Considering negative criticism, can you point out any positive/enjoyable elements in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
What is your favorite film series?
Will there be another part of Bahubali after the 2nd one? I saw a book of Bahubali that was based on ancestors of Amerendra Bahubali.
If you ever make a movie, what genre would it be?
Which movie is very suspicious?
What is the list of old songs used in the movie Meri Pyaari Bindu?
What is the latest movie series?
What is the one thing you got out of the movie "Into the Wild"?
Which movie made you to change and how?
What are the best lines from any movie?
Which is best website to download Hollywood movies in dual language and in HD?
Has someone won an Oscar for an action movie?
Can I watch my downloaded movies on Chromecast?
What are the most memorable action comedies movies so far?
How does a censor official confirm that animals used in film shooting were not harmed?
Which one provides the best Tollywood gossip?
What is Ridley Scott's opinion on James Cameron's Aliens?
Why do people say that Vin Diesel is a bad actor? Is he a bad actor? Does he play his roles in a dumb way?
Is there a more bitterly ironic statement at the end of a movie than the words at the very end of My Own Private Idaho’s “Have a Nice Day”?
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What do you think about the Tamil film Varanam Aayiram? I need an answer from Neil Menon (if you saw this movie).
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Why is there no movie based on the novel Call of the Wild in the 21st century?
Is the Hollywood film industry a sophisticated CIA front?
I recently watched The Guardians of the Galaxy 2 after reading some negative reviews that, I think, were baseless.Can someone with the same view help?
Which are SRK’s good movies?
Is the new Harry Potter movie going to arrive in 2018?
Where can I watch Sholay 3D?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
When do Tamil youngsters avoid fighting for cinema actors?
In the end of the movie IT, how can a powerful ancient creature be killed by being hit with a rock and then toppled to the side like a cow?
What are your top ten macho, manly movies?
In how many films have Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan worked together?
What are upcoming Hindi movies in August 2017?
Can you suggest the top 5 movies that are able to motivate a student?
Which film will you watch this weekend: Half Girlfriend or Hindi Medium?
What do we get out of the movie "Hindi Medium"?
Indian movies are not thought-provoking. Do you subscribe to that view?
How do you get subtitles on online videos?
Why are homosexuals shown always as a caricature in Bollywood movies?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
Why should the so called Bollywood stars be paid a fortune for displaying their vulgarity on the big screen?
I want to ask a company to sponsor a short film project (and I have an idea how it could promote their brand). How do I approach them?
Is it possible for the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" to actually happen?
Since Baahubali is made in two languages, Tamil and Telugu, does it mean that all of the scenes were shot twice?
Is it weird that I watch movie reviews after I have watched the movie?
Which video game based movies do we hope to see in the future?
What are the best world movies torrent sites to download?
Are 3D glasses included?
What did you like about A Dog's Purpose?
Which is the best website for downloading all types of movies?
Which Emma Watson movies are available in Hindi?
What are some songs on Lord Shiva featured in movies of any language (something like Kochadaiyaan and Bahubali)?
Which action movie(s) have the most accurate and realistic portrayals of gun fights?
Where can I find out more about the movie Interstellar?
Are Indians films being shot in Pakistan?
If you happen to direct a movie in the future, what would be its theme?
Is it advisable to watch English movies and listen to English songs to learning English?
Have you ever seen a movie that simultaneously displays subtitles in multiple languages?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
What is the English song used in OK Jaanu (Hindi movie) during the wedding scene at the church?
Who would win a fight between John Wick and Agent 47?
What movies should I watch to improve my British English?
Which is the best horror movie?
What are the strangest, weirdest movies ever made?
Are Bollywood movies released in English abroad?
Which Indian director has directed the most number of films?
Which movie makes you feel happy?
What do westerners think about Bahubali movies?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
What did you learn from the movie Arya 2 (Allu Arjun)?
How would you rank the MCU film villains?
What is the name of the Spanish song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene where Toretto and his wife were in their bedroom?
What happened at the end of Lost?
How do I greenlight the next Cloverfield sequel?
How do you feel about the new replacement terminal coming to the Hollywood Burbank Airport?
Is Bahubali 2 the only superhit and blockbuster movie in Hindi cinemas to cross 1000 crores?
Will there be a spin off movie for The Lord of the Rings?
What is the language of the film Sachin Tendylkar?
Where would Roger Moore rank among the actors who played James Bond?
Is the work atmosphere shown in the movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” accurate?
Do you think Logan (2017) deserves an Oscar or at least a nomination?
Where can one find some movie critiques for the movie Gandhi by Richard Attenborough?
Do you have the Hindi dubbed version of the Telugu movie Happy Days?
Can somebody tell me from where I can download the Armistice (2013) movie?
What makes films to win Oscars?
What are the other short films Nolan directed apart from "The Following"?
How would Yareal Poof's story, the Robot Chicken version, fit into Star Wars canon?
Which takes more man-hours, an animated film or a non-animated film?
How many people like the film Baahubali 2?
What is the best ever torrent site to download any movie or app?
Is The Godfather the greatest movie ever?
What is so special about the film Forrest Gump?
Is Bahubali 2 the greatest movie in Indian cinema?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
What became of Lion's Saroo's 2 brothers, Mantosh and Sadhu? The film doesn't answer that.
Where can I watch Dandupalya with English subtitles?
Which is the best Kolkata movie theatre: Inox Quest or Cinepolis Acropolis?
How do people differentiate good or bad from an actor/actress's acting skills?
What do you think about the ending of Alien: Covenant?
Has anyone not watched Baahubali 1?
How does an actor/actress' partner feel about them regularly having to kiss other people?
How many polycount per character is reasonable for making pre-rendered 3D movie?
Is Don Johnson a good or bad actor?
Does anyone recognize the beauty of the first frame of “Guardians of the Galaxy” on the IMAX 3D screen, where Ego's character drove off of the fields?
What are your favourite rom-com movies?
In the film industry, is the best boy a gaffer or a (key) grip?
Why is John Wick such a kick ass movie?
Assuming it was properly licensed, would it be better for the web as a whole for people to stream a Netflix movie or download via torrents?
What is the journey of the movie industry in the US?
What is your review of “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” (2017 movie)? Is the mage in the movie related to Merlin?
Why does Brad Pitt only make war movies?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
Why is it considered to be a bad thing for people who are rich or influential to finance their own movies?
Are there any movies in Hollywood and Bollywood which is based on a narcissist?
What is your opinion about the upcoming movie of actor Jeeva?
Why has Bahubali 2 become a blockbuster movie?
What is your most favorite European sci-fi film?
How many Indian actress worked in Hollywood?
What is the Pirates of the Caribbean chronology?
On which site should I download Japanese movies with English subtitles?
Are some war strategies and fighting techniques shown in the Bahubali movie series copied from other movies?
What do you think about the character of Divyanka Tripathi, a popular television actress?
KickassTorrents used to be a good site for Afrikaans movies. Is there anywhere else?
What are the best Tollywood photoshoots?
How can I go in Bollywood?
Is there footage of Jackie Chan in a real competition?
Why are recent Kannada movies using names or references to hit movies or legendary personalities’ names?
Do the Baahubali movies have some connection with South India's history, or are these works of pure fiction? Was there a kingdom named Mahishmati?
Why has JYK (condors369) stopped uploading movies on thepiratebay.org?
Why are people angry about Joss Whedon directing the Batgirl movie?
Bahubali 2 was a disappointment. Am I alone to think so?
How can I download Korean movies with my phone legally free online?
What is your favourite collaborative, award-winning animated movie? Why?
You are forced to watch the same movie every day of your life. Which one would you choose?
What is your review of Hindi Medium (2017 movie)?
Which upcoming 2017 summer movie will be successful in the box office?
If you could go back and remake or rewrite any movie franchise, which would you choose and what changes would you make?
Why didn't John Carpenter and John Mctiernan get more success?
Why is Baahubali so hyped and has become a symbol of Hindu nationalism rather than just being another Indian movie?
Where can I find the movie “Machine” (2017)?
Which is the movie that made you most emotional?
What are some of the best underrated sci-fi horror films?
What do you think of the movie 'A Dog's Purpose’?
What are some entertaining old sci-fi/ fantasy movies?
What do most Americans think about the actresses who go nude in movies?
Is there any link to download the Rudramadevi Telugu movie?
Do I need to watch the Sherlock movie before series 3?
Can you explain the ending of Interstellar (2014)?
How do you think Baahubali 2 will fare in China?
What is the box office collection of Sarkar 3 (2017 movie)?
What is a good movie for a child?
If your life were a movie, would you let your parents watch it?
Why I'm unable to find Hindi dubbed version of Hollywood movie Moonlight(2016)?
How much do the cars used in movies like Fate of the Furious cost?
Why do people watch Salman Khan's movies if they hate him so much?
Why, in TV serials or film, can't we see the cameras in front of mirrors, and which effect is this?
How dirty is Kolkata film industry?
Which are the website that gives genuine reviews to movies?
Who are the Zygerrians in Star Wars?
What accent does Alex in A Clockwork Orange have?
What are the most touching scenes in Baahubali 2?
Do people actually have sex in movies scenes?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for half girlfriend Hindi movie?
Which is the best "Beauty and the Beast" film, Hollywood version or French version?
What is the least believable thing about the Pirates of the Carribean series?
Does the USA make the best TV shows/movies in the world? Why or why not?
What is an audition for a movie like?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
As shown in the movie 'Mohenjo Daro,' were the first settlers of the Gangetic plains Harappan people or invading Aryans?
What is one Movie you will absolutely love to watch in Cinema hall if released again?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
What was the actual motive behind Bel and Genesis's torture game in the movie Knock Knock (2015)?
Who are the five tallest characters in Baahubali?
Which cinema provides the best 3D experience in Chandigarh?
Did Prabhas suit the role of Baahubali?
As an American, to what extent can you relate to "The US" as depicted in Hollywood movies?
What is Miller's Planet in Interstellar?
Is there a certain way and format to write a movie script, or do you just have to get ideas on paper?
How can I make it to Bollywood?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2?
Can I make a good movie and launch it in Indian cinemas with 5 cr as the budget?
Which website gives the latest movie news?
What is the best channel on Roku for old movies?
To what extent will Baahubali (Part 1 and Conclusion) change the trend of the movies in Bollywood?
What's the best film/developer combo for enlargements?
What's it like, as an actor, to play a character that's supposed to be a bad actor?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
What is the best movie you have ever seen? What did you take advantage of?
In which film MKT and P.U.Chinappa acted together?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
What is an explanation for the ending of "The Vatican Tapes"?
Now that Extratorrent is gone, where can I find movie releases from releaser groups like DDR, DUS, TeamOS etc?
What are some reactions to the trailer for 'Super Singh'?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
Why is Michael Cera such a bad actor?
Is there any movie about Galileo or Copernicus?
What do movie critics think about Bahubali 2?
Movies and TV series depict death as being very quick to come after a single sword cut. Is it possible to die immediately after being cut by a sword?
What do psychopaths think about the movie "American Psycho"?
Do actors and actresses really sing in the movies? I recently watched the new live action "Beauty and the Beast" and was amazed by the vocal talent.
How does one go about making a documentary about their life?
How many cars got crashed in all Fast and Furious movies?
Have you ever told a talker in a cinema while you were watching a film to STFU?
What gear do I need to become a film composer?
How do directors shoot compilations in Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch and download the movie Fairy Tail Dragon Cry?
What does it say about a person's personality whether or not they enjoy horror movies?
If Bahubali 3 is ever made, then what will be the story?
What are the shows in the West where Hollywood actors are called for interviews?
Can a music video be classified as a short film?
How do I download the movie “Half Girlfriend”?
Is it hard for an Asian to get roles in Hollywood? If so,why?
Is there an alternate reality as mentioned in sci-fi movies and shows?
How much do top Hollywood costume designers earn per film?
Are Baahubali 1 & 2 modified versions of the old Kannada movie Mayura (Dr. Rajkumar)?
Can I use movie quotes in my movie blog?
Where can I download Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch The Seventh Seal (1957) with English subtitles?
If you were to make a movie with any actor but the only advertisement the movie would get was the name of the lead actor, who would be your lead?
Dangal has grossed 1500 crores worldwide. How much will Aamir Khan earn as the producer of this film?
What is the most believable thing about Star Wars?
Is it true that some deities who are worshipped in some parts of India were actually created by a movie?
How are the names of characters determined for movies and TV?
In X-Men: Apocalypse, why was Apocalypse betrayed in the start?
In which Korean-dubbed films has Korean voice actor Ja-Hyeong Gu voiced Denzel Washington?
Was Star Wars originally meant to promote theocracy and religious extremism?
What does it mean when Spock says that Khan “exhibits 2-dimensional thinking” in “Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan”?
Where will Desi Digital Releasers (DDR) post its movies since extratorrent has shut down permanently?
Does anyone have a hangover from Baahubali: The Conclusion? I am awestruck and completely smitten by the characters of the movie. Does anyone feel the same?
What is the difference between Indian style of Cinema making and that of Hollywood?
Now that Bahubali: The Conclusion has been released, what do you think is a good way to extend the story for part 3?
What is the Chinese opinion on the American film “American Sniper” (2014)?
I am 17. I watched all the Harry Potter movies and I absolutely adore them. Am I too old to read the books? Should I do it?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
What is the name of a film about a "club", possibly starring James Spader?
Why are people making such a big deal out of Jennifer Lawrence's strip pole video?
How do I download the full audio track for “Commando 2” movie in Hindi?
What major or course should I take to become a video/short film maker?
Where can I find the latest Indian movie DVD releases and dates?
What are one or more of your favourite taglines in cinematic history?
What is the number one thing that makes a movie good?
Is there a website or an app where I can make a list of already watched series and movies?
What made Sivagami egoistic in “Bāahubali 2”?
When will “Baahubali 2” be released in China?
What was James Cameron's reasoning behind the last scene in Titanic with Jack, Rose and everyone clapping?
Why is Good Will Hunting so highly rated?
What is your worst Disney movie?
Is there any Harry Potter movie after the last one (Deathly Hallows)?
What are some events that show the true power of the internet?
What is the climax of Inception?
Is there any Indian movie available which may replace Baahubali’s popularity?
Why does Kannada cinema fail to compete with neighboring industries? Is there a problem with the quality of the movies, or is it their marketing strategy?
In the movie Baahubali, are there any mysteries unsolved?
Is the film "Split" a realistic depiction of split personality disorder?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
Do actors own what they buy when shooting a scene that involves shopping?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
What are the best movies in 2017?
Being an Indian filmmaking student, how can I land a job in Hollywood production houses?
What are 18+ horror Hollywood films?
What is the reason for the movie Suryavansham being aired on Set Max for so long and in so-called regular intervals?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
What are the best spiritual movies?
Is it possible to team up with Steven Spielberg to make a cartoon?
What skills are required for creating an animated movie?
How can I make a hero in Bollywood?
What are some violent PG 13 movies?
In the movie Silence, since Andrew Garfield apostatized their Lord, why did he still have the Jesus symbol with him in the end of the movie?
Will they ever defeat Thanos in a Marvel movie? If so, who will defeat him?
What are some Hollywood movies with the most ridiculous Hindi Dubbing?
Why were the names changed in the movie Big Short, but not in the book?
How does having sex for a film affect your feelings as an actress?
What is the one movie you'd suggest to someone who is really depressed?
What's with all the movies that are adapted from books? Are they always bad to those who read the novel beforehand?
Is the Kannada movie "Hollywood" a good Indian movie, considering its release date?
Where was the name Kaliyuga derived from?
What is the best Online Movies site in Brazil?
How do I sell a story to Hollywood?
Where would the Fast and Furious franchise be today if Paul Walker was still alive?
Why should we watch film?
How can I download a movie on mobile with less size?
How can I watch an R-rated movie in the theaters?
Is a movie about Sachin Tendulkar necessary?
Why are British actors used so often in roles that are of different nationalities?
What is it like to imagine yourself in the body of a character/actor when you are watching a film and relating to other characters in the film?
Which is the best Punjabi movie in 2017?
When Europeans dub English language films, do they use particular accents? How about Japanese and Chinese films?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
When will any Indian film cross $1 billion?
Which are the best South Korean movies one should definitely watch (only thriller, horror, gangster and revenge genre)?
Which is the best Disney movie in Hindi dubbed?
If you had 200 million dollars, which Indian director would you choose to direct a movie in your production?
In Secret Window, who didn't feel sorry for Mort’s wife Amy when he killed her and her boyfriend Ted?
What is a couple movie ticket voucher?
Where can I watch New Girl with English subtitles?
What are the top 10 Bollywood movie collections of 2017?
Do I need to know the actual story of Dunkirk evacuation before watching the movie?
Is there anyone who is interested in cinematography?
What is Bahubali 2 earnings?
Where are the scenes set in Russia actually filmed?
What are some Indian movies which everyone should see at least once?
Which was the better decade for movies, comics, games, and music geeks, the 80s or the 90s?
After the Baahubali movie, is Indian​ cinema famous across the world?
Do you stand up at the movie theatre when the national anthem plays? What’s your view on it?
Where can I see a trailer for the new abc show for the people?
How often are movies remade by different studios?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
What should I do if I am more interested in the film industry than in doing job in IT ?
Which actor/actress do you think is great but keeps on getting mediocre roles?
Which are the movie dowloading/streaming sites banned in Germany? Does anyone know if DDLValley is legal or not?
Why are there almost no good German movies except for Nazi movies?
How many actors have released actual nude videos?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is the Hindi movie “Dangal” such a runaway hit with the Chinese audience?
Are there any 2-disc editions of the extended versions of The Hobbit films? As in, just the films, no other bonus discs.
What movie or TV show has sparked genuine conversation between you and your child?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
Why do people still watch and enjoy the new Fast and Furious films?
Which upcoming Netflix movies/TV series are you most excited about?
What are the most well known movie quotes of all time?
What makes getting into Hollywood so hard?
Why shouldn't we take Afghanistani actors instead of Pakistani actors?
Who is the worst movie actor, who is considered a star?
Who could be the best cast if Malayalam movie "Premam" is remade in Hindi?
Is it possible to copy JIO movies saved on phone to a laptop or PC?
How do I download or watch the new Indian movie Half Girlfriend 2017 online?
Who are the best aunties of Bollywood?
When will the Kirik Party DVD be released?
What are Jason Bourne's (movie) personality traits?
What do you want to see in a movie (+- 1 minute) that promotes the traditional Italian coffee culture?
Is there an example of a complicated scene that failed to shoot because of its complexity?
If you could switch the soundtracks of 2 different movies with each other, which movie soundtracks would you switch?
Why has "Last of the Breed" by Louis L'Amour never been made into a movie? This is probably one of the best adventure novels of all time.
With several story ideas for screenplays, should I write the treatment first or just dive into the screenplay? And why am I so terrified to start?
Which movie does Jackie Chan act in, where in one of the scenes, someone tries to take a box out of the great wall of China, destroying it?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What are the similarities between the epic Indian independence movement and the movie Bahubali?
What is the best HD movie downloading site?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
Why do I feel weird after watching an anime for the first time?
Is is possible to temporarily buy/rent rights to show a new film at a community event?
Was Groot a baby in the comics, or was that only in the movies?
Is there any movie in Tamil that is better than Raavanan?
Should I worry about what age I "make it" in the entertainment industry as a writer, comedian, filmmaker, or actor? I fear that the age you make it at, matters.
Is the Baahubali movie vaguely based on Chandragupta Maurya?
Why do synthetics (androids) in the Alien universe grow hair?
What are best horror and action movies of Hollywood to watch on YouTube free of cost?
What are the best medieval battle scenes involving cavalry?
What are the signs that prove that Bahubali 3 will be released?
What is a list of the best movies with fighter dogfights or involving air warfare?
What is the difference between "Films" and "Movies" when we use these words to denote cinema?
Will a biopic ever be made on a common person?
What do you think are the flaws in Kiccha Sudeep's film career?
Where can I download Bollywood movies for free?
What do teens think today when they see teen movies from the 1980s?
Where was the 1996 "The Nutty Professor" film set in?
Which are the most expensive movies ever produced in India amongst all time?
Did the 1976 movie Network predict the rise of Donald Trump?
How do producers collect money from cinemas?
How can I become an actor in the Tamil cinema in a hero’s role?
What could have prompted Autumn Snyder, the loving daughter of one of the most famous directors of the world, Zack Snyder, to commit suicide?
What is the name of the song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene, where Toretto was with his wife in the room?
Why do some people think that Sangamithra is going to be an utter flop?
Why does almost, if not every, movie have a black and white checkered floor in it somewhere? Many TV shows have that floor, too.
Where I can buy the cap Arjun (Dulquer Salman) wears in the Bangalore Days movie? It's more like a beanie but open on both the ends.
Will La La Land be the last truly amazing movie musical?
If some American series are neither broadcasted in my country nor subtitled in Netflix, how am I supposed to watch them legally?
Which is the best part or scene of the movie, Kung Fu Panda 2?
Star Wars: Did Vader ever laugh after being put in his suit?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
Why is the Hindi version of Drishyam so different?
What are the best English social movies?
Which is the worst movie you paid to watch in this year?
Is there any app to download movies?
Can Gordon Miller watch a film and work? I read that he has ADD and he’s able to multitask very well.
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
Who voiced Devsena in the Tamil version of Bahubali?
How likely are we to create artificial intelligence like in the movies (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ex Machina)?
Which is the best Hollywood horror movie in 2015?
In the Silence movie, when Andrew Garfield apostatized against their Lord, why in the end of the movie did he still have Jesus’ symbol?
What role is Ice Cube suitable for in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Are there any movies directed in Pak which are India friendly, like the way we have Bajrangi, Veer-Zaara, and Happy Bhaag Jayegi? Haters stay away.
What is the highest grossing Hindi movie in Tamilnadu?
Why does Mahendra Bahubali strip Avantika?
How can I download an HD version of the movie Baahubali 2?
What are your five favorite movies and why did they make such a impression on you?
Is there a comic book or novel prequel to the movie “X-Men: Days of Future Past”?
Was the Warren story a report or a transcription from Alice in Wonderland?
Will Baahubali 2, after reaching 1000+ crores, make another sequel?
How can I search a director’s biography on Bloomberg (i.e., all the directors in FTSE 250 all together)?
Why didn’t the movie “Hamari Adhuri Kahani” hit box office?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
What is the phone used in John Wick 2?
Why have some Bollywood singers shifted from Bollywood to South Indian films to Ad films?
When popular music is used in movies, would it be "used with permission"?
Why do I seem to enjoy films of the 80s and 90s as compared to the 2000s and 2010s?
Who is the worst female protagonist in a Tollywood movie?
Which is the new historical Bollywood film?
What is one observation you made but nobody has mentioned so far on Quora about Baahubali 2?
Are dangal box office figures in China real?
Seeing his performance in Masaan and Aankhon Dekhi, can we say that Sanjay Mishra is a better actor than Naseeruddin Shah or Om Puri?
What is your opinion on superhero movies being one of the most popular genres right now?
Are all foreign movies required to be dubbed in Japanese cinemas?
What are the most well known movie quotes?
How do I find an investor for a very promising horror short film?
How can I rip and put DVD movies on Nabi tablets?
What is the difference between documentary and docudrama?
Was the Malayalam movie Urumi as appreciated as it should have been?
Is there any other song similar/related to Tujhse Naraaz Nahi Zindagi from the movie Masoom?
What is the best free website for streaming Hindi movies?
What is the butter flavoring at the movie theaters made of?
What are the best websites for Tollywood cinema?
Is it true in China you can download recent western movies legally and for free?
Will X-23 appear in X-Men: The New Mutants (2018)?
What is your favourite thing about hunting?
How do films like Silence or Colossal get made where it seems like the studio has no intention of making a profit?
The way Hollywood depicts the CIA, is it somewhat realistic at all?
Are Indian people very excited for the movie "Sachin: A Billion Dreams"?
Why do established actors sometimes do nonsensical movies?
If you could change one thing about your favourite movie/game/book, etc., what would it be?
Have you seen any movies about the Vietnam war? How true-to-life are they?
How is 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun' the biggest hit of Indian cinema when adjusted for inflation?
What are some movies or books related to being single? (Like 500 days of summer)?
What movies have Marvel actors Co-starred in together outside of the MCU?
Where can I find a complete list of songs from the movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword?
Which actors and actresses deserve the accolades if there were no politics in the Academy Awards (or any awards)?
What is the deal with YouTube videos that say "Full Movie" but then open to a screen saying the film is copyrighted?
Why, in the Wizard of Oz film, does nobody see Dorothy as a killer?
What should happen in the Batgirl movie?
How many MB would it take to watch a normal Bollywood movie?
If you had 1 month to live, what movies and TV shows would you watch? Why?
Which elements are necessary for making a film?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
In which movies was John Wayne named Duke?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
What are some calming pictures with horrifying backstories?
When a film has 10 producers, do they expect different things or the same thing from the film?
How does a guy enter the adult film industry?
What would the Star Wars Rebels characters look like if it was live action?
Does Russia have any Red Dawn type movies showing an American invasion?
In which film did a nun bobblehead appear in a car? It might have been in any of Tarantino’s films, or films like that.
How do I get my screenplay made in the Tamil film industry?
Why is the language used in movies hard to understand?
Which are the best sites to download new Hindi movies?
How do you feel about a Deadpool/moonknight team up Marvel movie?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
Which is the best website to watch online Telugu movies?
Do you also think Tom Hardy was a better actor than Leonardo Dicaprio in The Revenant?
How you see YouTubers who talk about events, games or themselves in front of camera and guys who do the same in form of good looking short films?
What are some must watch movies like those of Takovsky's?
Why is the Pakistani media mocking the Baahubali movie?
Why are Christians trying to ban books and movies like Harry Potter and His Dark Materials from the general public?
Doesn’t all of this introverted intuition and INFJ stuff resemble a movie about Stephen King's book, 1408?
Are there movies depicting real martial arts?
Will I most likely be successful if I major in film production?
In the movie "The Purge," why is murder the default offense?
Are film actors given too much intellectual space in India?
What was your reaction after the trailer for Guest in London?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are some trivia about one of your favourite movies?
Why can't India make more innovative films? Is SS Rajamouli the only innovator India has?
Guys, we all know that we can download newly released Hindi and English movies from torrent sites. But how can I get newly released Bengali films?
Who is the second attacker in the movie, Memento?
Why did Turner fall in love with the mermaid?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
Which is the best horror movie in recent days?
Will there be a brand new Spider-Man in the upcoming Venom Movie or no Spider-Man at all since this new Spiderverse is not related to the MCU?
What's the best way to improve the cinematography in my films?
Are the conditions of actresses in the Bollywood film industry accurate to as they are portrayed in the Spotlight web series & Heroine movie?
Is it better renting movies from Redbox than buying them?
Is the character of Bahubali in the movie inspired by Arvind Kejriwal?
Where is the best source to cast actors for low budget films?
Which are the movies similar to Captain Philips and Non-Stop?
What are some of the Bollywood movies based on goal setting?
Which movie do you prefer, Captain America: Civil War or Marvel's The Avengers?
What do South Indians think when foreigners identify Baahubali as a Bollywood movie?
What can we expect from Baywatch (2017)?
Is the premise of the movie "God is NOT Dead" utterly ridiculous?
Which actors have done films free of cost in Bollywood?
Are the adverts/trailers shown in the beginning/interval of a movie included in the film reel?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
If James Bond was a girl what will her name be?
What are the evolutionary purposes of Ridley Scott's alien's bizarre anatomical structure and hostile behavior?
Is the HD print of Bahubali coming or not?
Is there a Hindi-dubbed movie of “Theri”?
Do I need to watch the previous Alien movies before I see Alien Covenant?
Which is the best Hindi movie dialogue you have ever heard of?
Which was the best Tamil film ever?
How do I find publicity films?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
What is the reverse engineering of movie industry?
What makes you like epic movies?
How and where should I start if I want to start working in the film industry as a writer and director?
What don't you like about Baahubali?
What song did Emad Etesami and Rana sing together in the Iranian movie The Salesman?
What is the most brilliant thing in a movie?
What can you do in a cinema that you can't do at home? You can watch a film on a big screen with a good surround system, so why even go to the cinema?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu films filled with overacting (dialogue), the objectification of women, and extreme heroism?
Was the Titanic movie a real life story?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What were some notable ripoff films that were released in the 1970's?
Who do you think can play Itachi Uchiha (Naruto) in a film?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
What bothers you the most about YouTube movie review shows?
What is so great about the Gadar movie?
What is the best date to date?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
Which Indian film industry does Raju Singh work in?
Do you think we'll ever get a Daria sequel?
What are some things that can be done now to help me get into the film industry?
For what purpose would one go to a movie streaming app, other than for watching a movie or a show?
Why don't celebrities’ kids go to acting school before acting in films?
How much of the 1500 crores from Baahubali 2 goes to the producers?
Why do people easily trust strangers in movies but not in real life?
After a long day at work, how can I motivate myself to write my own TV shows and movies instead of napping and watching TV all evening?
How long does it take to film an episode?
Which is the best horror- thriller movie ever in Hollywood?
Have you ever written a movie script or novel without any planning, just to see where it goes?
Would you please rank the 007 movies from best to worst, including Never Say Never Again?
What are the countries, do not make movies?
What are the best anime series and/or movies I should watch? Only recommend ones you have watched and liked. It should be less than 50 episodes.
Which parts of 2012 (movie) were correct?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
Have any villages been made famous by movies?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
Will there be live action sequels to 2010 film "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time"?
Is it true that the new movie Beauty and the Beast was banned in Russia?
Who first made pani puri in India?
Can we, will we be able to, upload our conscienceness to a computer like in the movie Transcendence?
What are the do's and don't's in creating a villain in a movie?
How are scenes in ads, movies, etc. shot where empty streets or areas are shown?
Has your visits to the IMDb website and app decreased since they got rid of the message boards?
What Asian dramas or movies with gay male characters do you recommend?
Find movie un?
Has an Indian actress dubbed the voice for Saba Qamar in the movie Hindi Medium?
How do I get roles as an actor for plays/movies (anything)?
What are the best Hollywood movies made on railways background?
Who would you cast as the Bride of Frankenstein in the 2019 remake?
Which movie is better: “Baahubali 2” or “Dangal”?
What is your reaction on the trailer of Hansal Mehta's 'Simran'?
How is the movie “Zombieland”?
How sucky are Baahubali movies?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
In the movies and television, why do gangsters, drug dealers and the like have minions that do their dirty work for them?
Why didn’t Bahubali kill Bijjaladeva in part 2?
Does it means that existential movies are realistic movies?
In the case of an emergency, like in the Martian movie, how much fuel and time is required to reach Mars via the shortest path?
As a foreign tourist in India, have you ever acted as an extra in a Bollywood movie? If yes, when and how?
What is the release date of Pirates of the Caribbean 5 in India?
What is a fast speed film?
If some deleted scenes are added back to Bahubali 2, will people go back to the theaters just to watch the added scenes?
Why is Diamonds are Forever not more highly regarded when it is clearly the second best Bond movie, after OHMSS?
How can I create an amazing script for a movie?
What are the top 10 movies on Netflix?
How dominating are male lead roles in films compared to female lead roles?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
What do you think about the new movie Jattu Engineer?
What exactly happened to the humanoid characters in Alien Covenant's flashback scene? Was this event what caused their extinction?
Why can’t Jackie Chan be declared as James Bond?
Why is it that most Disney films Frank Welker is in, he only does vocal effects?
Why are American girls so sexualized on the media?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
Why are Bahubali movies so overrated?
What movie or movies did Samuel Jackson not yell in?
In the movie Monster Trucks, how did the creatures not explode?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
Where is the Baby Jen puppet used in The Dark Crystal?
What is the difference between Bollywood movies and daily soaps now?
Who does promotion for Bollywood movies?
In an old classic movie, there were the prank of an office worker, a coffee slogan, and the worker’s friends tricking him into thinking that he won money. Which movie is that?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
If all the young Tollywood and Kollywood superstars were to fight each other, who would win, and which particular actor would have the highest kill count?
What are the best things to do on a 2 hour date apart from movie?
What is the most iconic movie house?
Which is best update website for movie news?
What will they do to the costumes used by the cast of a film?
What is the best anime series/movie ever? Is it Dragon Ball?
Is it possible that a movie could hypnotize people?
Can you tell me your MBTI type and your favorite movies?
Why is roaring used as a display of strength in movies?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Why are DC movies doing so bad in the box office?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
Does Legends material in Star Wars belong to Disney as well as Canon?
Are Indian movies really better than Chinese movies?
What is that quote about cinema being about taking pictures of girlfriends?
Where can I find the correct site to download Armistice (2013 movie)?
What is the total collection of Baahubali 2?
What are the similarities between Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (2014 movie) and Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017 movie)?
What was your reaction after watching Baahubali 2?
Have there been instances where movies have tried to show the world a hidden truth subtly in its dialogues?
What is the best site to watch Movies for free without registration?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
Which website can one download the movie Bichumoo (Flying warriors) from? It's an old Korean movie
Did watching Tron give you a headache?
What is the best moment in your life till this date?
Where can I download John Cena’s new 2017 movie?
What kind of performance in acting audition attracts the most to casting directors to get shortlisted?
What are your views on the movie “A Beautiful Mind”?
How did Baahubali 2 earn so much money all over the world, despite not being a mainstream Bollywood film and being a regional film?
In the old Bonanza episodes, why is Hoss the only character with his own "theme" music?
What would they be like if the Baahubali series had been directed by Christopher Nolan?
Why is bahubali movie getting more popularity?
How did they control the balloon in the 1956 movie, "The Red Balloon" directed by Albert Lamorisse?
What Sci-fi movies should I watch? I don't watch movies but today I want to watch. What is the latest one?
What is the Westchester Incident in the movie Logan?
Will the Harry Potter movies suffer more criticism over time for the lack of diversity in the cast?
Which similar plot movies were released within a span of 5-6 years and were both successful?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu movies filled with overacting (dialogues), objectifying women and extreme heroism?
How do I download Hindi movie bàhubali 2?
Who do you think is the winner between Bahubali and Dangal?
Does Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood" remind you of Dave Brubeck's style?
While watching a movie scene of a boy crying after the death of his lover, I started to think about what I would have done in that situation. Why?
How do I download movies in HD?
Where can I find books or movies about King James?
Where can I download "T2 trainspotting" movie in a good quality?
What happened at the end of the movie Abzurdah?
How should I download the Marathi movie, Anvat, from the internet?
Why do low-budget movies not get enough credit in Indian cinemas?
Can I really have skills like a special agent in the movies, let's say Jason Bourne?
Do foreigners watch Indian movies in theatres?
Which is the comedy Bollywood movie that contains this dialogue "kesi behki behki baate karr rahe ho"?
What movie had the biggest impact on you and why?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
How do TV and cinema compare as forms of entertainment?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
What do you think is the future of VFX in Indian cinema, with great films like Bahubali 2.0 and Bahubali? Can it compete with Hollywood in the coming times?
Is it really necessary to show sex scenes in movies? Can't they just show the actors in bedsheets, assuming they had it.
How is Dangal a Muslim movie and Baahubali a Hindu movie?
What is meant by a sequel?
Why are most filmmakers of TV and film documentaries about animals, science, religion, history, geography, etc., European, Australian, American, New Zealander, and Russian?
You are a movie director, you are shooting a robbery scene for your biggest movie project you've worked on so far, what would the scene look like?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What are the facts that took Baahubali beyond the expectations?
How well would you fare if you were the main protagonist in your favorite horror movie?
Apart from 'themoviespoilers.com', are there any other known websites that publish complete spoilers for newly released movies?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
Why are only a few scenes in IMAX films shot with IMAX cameras?
Was Darth Vader`s part in the original movies expanded "on the fly"?
What does a script for a porno movie look like?
Are scenes of the movie Original Sin real?
Why is the “Nayak” movie of Anil Kapoor always showing on Zee Cinema?
Why didn’t James McAvoy win an Oscar or even got nominated for his acting in the movie Split?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
Do directors in Hollywood say 'Light, Camera, Action'?
Even just for watching Blu-ray or even DVD movies, does a dedicated graphic card still give a better video performance than the internal graphic chip?
How do I create dual audio movies in CyberLink or Wondershare?
How come Dangal made so much money in China, without any promotional events at least?
If a biopic on Rahul Dravid is ever made, who should play him?
Are the portrayals of military engagement with transformers in Michael Bay's movies accurate and realistic?
This summer is predicted to be an all time low for blockbuster box-office. Are Hollywood tentpoles just getting stale?
What movie character do you feel the most hate against?
How do I get a script in front of Angeline Jolie?
What are your views on the movie Maroon (2016), and its ending?
Why is musical not a popular movie genre as it used to be?
How is the 300 movie?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
Are Bollywood movies famous in China?
How difficult would it be to shoot a small short film at an Ikea store (aspiring filmmaker, very small production, no bigger than a 5 people crew)?
Is New York as great as films and TV make it out to be? And where did all the hype come from?
When does “The Princess Bride” take place?
In what movie did Arnold Schwarzenegger say "So why am I still alive?"
What do Pakistanis think about movies like Veer-Zaara, Gadar, Border, etc.?
Is “Jeepers Creepers” a scary movie?
Can you give a crappy description of your favorite book or movie?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
What is your opinion about film director Priyadarshan?
Why was the movie No Smoking heavily panned by the critics?
Why are so many television shows and movies produced in Georgia?
What does Stan Lee do with his money?
Which is the most direct movie on enlightenment?
Will Thanos kill Doctor Strange to get the Eye of Agamotto in Avengers:Infinity Wars?
If you had to choose just one movie for a new president, which one would it be, and why?
How do I get work as a Grip on a film or TV set?
How do actors behave if, after watching the opening of their film, they find that it is horrible? Do most actors see the whole film, or just some clips before the opening?
Where do actors stay in Cannes?
Where can I get Bollywood new movies?
Did Baahubali 2 beat the box office collections of Aamir Khan's Dangal?
Was it ever explicitly stated how the Star Wars prophecy was told?
What are your thoughts on Tom Hardy playing Venom?
Are there any horror movies that have a serious theme?
What are some of the best looks from Cannes Film Festival 2017?
Why do some actors choose to go uncredited in movies?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
What is the perfect title for a short film based on the awareness of youngsters?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
Where can I get Baahubali 2 on Blu-ray?
What are small details we might have missed in Malayalam movies, e.g. Maheshinte Prathikaaram?
In how many Indian movies has Shahid Afridi been mentioned? What movies are they?
How did you feel about Ghostbusters (2016)? Many people didn't like that the cast was all female.
Is the new movie 'Get Out' scary?
What is an example of a good documentary where the main scenes are of the narrator?
What are the top 20 must watch movies of all time?
How can I download the latest movies?
In the end of the movie 'The Prestige' which Borden survived?
Where can I download Star Wars 8 right now (and what do you think about it)?
What is the path to becoming an actor in movies?
Why do horror movies or television shows have sexual themes?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
Why is the “Kirik Party” movie overrated?
Which is better; Blade Runner, Akira, or The Matrix?
Does watching movies with English subtitles help people learn English and develop listening skills?
Which Korean actor is the best in 2017?
How will a Star Wars TV series surrounding the events of KoTOR be received?
What are the reasons behind the huge success of Bahubali 2?
Is it a bad idea to watch Star Wars in episodic order? Would that make one like Star Wars less?
In movies as well as television, in-coming mortars sound like artillery fire. Is this true or are they Hollywood sound effects?
What's the 70s movie where a second rate rodeo cowboy is hitch hiking and meets a girl in a Cadillac convertible?
Did they use a real tiger in the Life of Pi movie?
In the movies, why is it that when you see a back-of-head shot, the actor's mannerisms and movements are often out of sync with his/her dialogue?
Is The Ghazi Attack a rip-off of the Hollywood movie called USS Seaviper (2012)?
How can I stop someone from watching pirated movies?
What was the collection till yesterday of Baahubali 2?
What's so Indian about the movie series Baahubali?
Was there a dearth of good horror movies in the 1990s?
What was the quote at the end of Fast and Furious 7?
How can I watch any Hollywood movie with subtitles for free?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
Will making short films help to enter into the film industry?
What is that one movie that you believe is the story of your life?
Why are films about Batman way more popular or successful than films about Spiderman?
Is there any chance that extended version DVDs of the Baahubali duology will be released in the near future?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
Whose anime movies do you enjoy watching more: Hayao Miyazaki's or Makoto Shinkai's?
What is the problem of some Egyptians with the best actor of their country, Adel Imam?
How can I download Guardians of the Galaxy movie in a Tamil-dubbed version?
Can I sell an idea about an animation movie to Pixar?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
What would a Batman movie look and feel like if it had an Avatar-like humungous budget?
What animation software was used in the Baahubali movie?
Is the 1991 remake of the movie “A Kiss Before Dying” better than the original one (1956)?
Will Superman return in the next Justice League movie?
Is there more than one Darksaber in Star Wars?
Where can I watch the movie “Fair Tail: Dragon Cry”?
What happens in the brain when someone no longer fears horror movies or roller-coasters?
Can I kiss my girlfriend inside a movie theater?
Which are the most underrated horror movies you have ever seen? And which scared you the most?
Which other South movie is loved in the North other than the “Baahubali” series?
How do I start a website that streams new movies and sitcoms legally?
Where can I learn filmmaking and screenwriting online for free (with links, if possible)?
Which movie do you think you shouldn't have watched?
Can you think of films where one character is an idealist and the other is cynical/skeptical, and their roles are reversed halfway through?
Where was the movie Rebellious Flower shot?
Is there any way to register a movie script for free, without a Union card?
In the event of an apocalyptic breakdown of a government, would society truly devolve to chaos as we see predicted in movies & books?
Before YouTube was invented; could you watch movie trailers online?
What are some good movies about Hollywood actors besides Mulholland Drive?
What are your favourite 10/10 Bollywood movies?
What are some of the best suspense Bollywood movies that I can watch on YouTube or Hotstar?
How can I find the movie about football club?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Do movie film crews get boners when shooting a sexy scene?
What is the best African movie you've ever seen?
Which novel was the basis for the Karnan movie that was released in the Tamil language and acted in by Shivaji Ganeshan?
Do you think there's a chance for a sequel for Spider-Man: Homecoming?
What are some things that you love about avant-garde films?
What films have the theme, "the same day recurs when the actor/actress awakes"?
Am I the only one who thinks Baahubali 2 is overrated and over hyped?
Which movies would fans of "The Mask" (1994) like?
Can I use a movie logo if I'm buying tickets for it?
Why didn't Weyland Utani send a bunch of Walters instead of a human crew?
Where could I download new Kannada movies without torrent?
What secrets has the River Thames not released yet?
What are Roger moore’s 10 most popular films?
What do you feel about the theory that James Bond is a code name used by multiple people?
Has anyone watched the movie 'The Story of O’? What do you think about it?
How did you guys watch mcu? In chronological order or in time it has been released?
What are the best websites to upload a subtitle file for a short film?
In movies and/or animated shows where time travel exists, it is said that you shouldn't alter the timeline. Why?
Baahubali is as much a Tamil film as it is a Telugu film. Why do people refer to Baahubali as a Telugu film?
Can an Indian movie in English be selected for the Oscars general category?
In BAHUBALI 2 why the director does not show the heroes training for fight? Is he forgot about it or what?
How do I download the Marathi movie Anvat?
What is the best dialogue/speech in recent films?
What movie features an actor/actress who plays the most number of different characters in that movie?
The Martian has a good story line, but does the movie skip over explanations just for entertainment?
Why are the X-Men movies so poor compared to the Marvel movies?
Do actors ever actually ask directors 'What's my motivation?'?
What are some movies that have "too much action" to you?
Who is the best actor for Dhoom 4?
Could Forrest Gump have been court-martialed for not leaving Lieutenant Dan behind as Lieutenant Dan ordered him to do?
In what order should I watch Haikyuu?
What is your favorite book/movie/TV show?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
In which film does Michael Clarke Duncan act as a gangleader and participate in a game of killing other gang leaders?
How late into post-production was the title "Revenge of the Jedi" still being used for Star Wars VI?
What is the dish that Aamir Khan and Preity Zinta have in a scene in Singapore in the movie Dil Chahta Hai?
Which quality should I prefer while downloading movies or any videos from the internet?
Is the story of Shin Chan true?
What is your favorite part of the movie Up?
How many film industries are there around the world except for Hollywood and Bollywood? Can you rank them based on popularity and revenue earned?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Could the Men in Black (1997 movie) defeat the Chitari invasion from the Avengers (2012)?
When are new movies added to Hotstar?
On what basis are the prices of movie tickets fixed?
If Warner Brothers bought the movie rights to Spider-Man from Sony, could they use him in a movie with Batman and other DC characters?
Are WWE matches real or fake? I have heard from many guys that it is scripted and shot like a film shoot.
If the original trilogy films were like samurai films, then what are the prequels and new trilogy films?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
Would Deathstroke have been a better villain than Bane in the Batman movie The Dark Knight Rises?
What scene in a movie has the most gunfire blasting?
What are some of the must watch English, Hindi, and Bengali movies that people don't know about?
What lessons does Baahubali offer other than being the biggest blockbuster ever?
What is the title of the Woody Allen movie in which a Jewish character listens to Hitler speeches?
Can we play Blu-Ray movies or 1080p movies on a Lenovo Yoga Tab 3?
How do they make cartoon films?
Are there any scenes in the new Fifty Shades of Grey movie in which the main characters eat together?
What makes Daniel Craig appalling as James Bond?
Why does the media not give as much attention to the Bahubali stars as compared to the attention received by the Bollywood actors and actresses?
How do Star Wars gravity generators work?
Why is violence in movies/videogames so amusing?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Who voiced Devsena in the Hindi version of Baahubali?
How can I download bahubali 2 full movie in HD?
What are your reasons for not liking Hollywood?
Will anybody talk of the duration 00:58:57 to 01:01:03 of Baahubali: The Beginning movie?
Why does Hollywood talk about Mexico in American movies a lot?
Which movie did you enjoy watching the most in a theater?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever watched?
Which Hollywood actresses sleep with directors and producers?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
One of my friend used torrent to download a movie. Is he in trouble?
What happens at the end of the movie The Words?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for Hindi movies?
Does becoming an adult film actor/porn star can interfere with my professional movie/film acting?
While shooting sex scenes in Asian movies, do the actresses actually get naked?
When will they make the sequel to Bladerunner, or “Bladerunner 2”?
What did you learn from the Steve Jobs movie?
Which are the best seats in Director’s Cut?
Were the midichlorians ever mentioned again in either the prequel trilogy or in the pre Disney expanded universe after “The Phantom Menace”?
Do actors cover up their private parts while playing in sex scenes or do they just flash it to each other like it's normal?
What are some Disney cartoon movies which we will love to see?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
How can I download the Marathi super-hit movie, Sairat, dubbed in Hindi?
I've edited two short films and now I need to make a portfolio, how should I go about it?
Which actress/actor you like in India most and why?
Why is south Indian movie industry so obsessed with showing navels?
Is film literature?
Why didn’t Toneri Ōtsutsuki help Momoshiki and Kinshiki in the movie Boruto?
Is it legal to film in a cemetery?
Which was Vinod Khanna's last movie in 1982?
Why does Tara beg/plead to be with Ved in the movie Tamasha?
Which director is the most suitable person to direct Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's biopic?
Please suggest the name of a TV program which is based on a film review?
What song, movie or TV series are you ashamed to admit that you like?
Are there any sites where you can download Tamil, Hindi and Kannada movies in Blu-ray?
How I can download the Baahubali 2 full movie?
Can we meet Hollywood or Bollywood stars at the Cannes Film Festival?
Can I request a cinema hall to show a movie which I want?
What will you name a 26 movies series using all the 26 letters of the alphabet in the start?
Are there any movies/media with making of/behind the scenes of porn movies?
How I can get discounted movie tickets?
Who is the most popular dark-skinned actor/actress from southern regional cinema who has broken into mainstream Bollywood (Hindi) cinema?
Why don't they shoot movies and television shows at Disney's Hollywood Studios (Disney MGM Studios) and Universal Studios in Florida anymore?
How can I get the download link of the song "Raunakein Tham Tham Ke" by Kavita Seth from the movie "Trishna"? (2011)?
What is the least believable thing about the Matrix?
Is Oldboy the best Korean movie ever made?
Where can I download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
What is the difference between cameras for still photography and movie making/film?
I have to do a drama class projects. What is a good genre for a silent film?
If the trailers for upcoming movies look really good, why don't they just release the movie?
When rewatching a film with a plot twist, should the film be viewed as if one were watching it for the first time or with the viewer's new knowledge?
How are fight scenes shot so that they appear to be happening faster than possible?
What are the motives of the Android David in the Alien franchise?
How do I make YouTube to automatically generate english subtitles for english movies ?
Where can I download dhruva Telugu movie in HD?
What is your review of Half Girlfriend (2017 movie)?
How do I become a person who selects which movies to be played at the Cannes Film Festival?
Which movie is better, Aayirathil Oruvan or Baahubali?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
Which is the best psychological Indian movie?
What is your favorite movie caption?
Why do people insist on calling flight attendants "stewardesses", even on TV and in movies?
Which scenes in Baahubali 2 made you get goose bumps?
If the MCU Avengers watched Kimi no Na Wa in the cinema, what will they say and think?
If you could replace an actor in any movie, which movie would it be and who would you play?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
How do I write a film treatment for sequels?
Have any professional movie crews ever shot pictures of actual UFOs while filming their production?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
In the movie Frank, he wears a giant mask because of a condition. What condition is it?
Who played a double role in Sholay?
If Bahubali is so great, what about films like Mayabazaar?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
Have are the new theories of management in the last five years?
Is there a way to broadcast video that you are watching on VLC to another person’s computer who is also running VLC so 2 ppl. can watch movies while synced?
What is the one horror movie that had you afraid to go to bed that night?
How can Jharkhand have 100% entertainment tax on movies?
Where can I download Kabali (HD) with English subtitles?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
What are your thoughts on The Emoji Movie?
What would have happened if Bahubali 2 and Tubelight released on the same date?
Who named the Indian film industry 'Bollywood'?
Do you think any Hollywood movies will be made about the Donald Trump Presidency?
Why are subtitles not downloaded while downloading movies from Hotstar?
Can you spot the similarities between “Baahubali” movie series and “Kaaviya Thalaivan (Tamil)” movie?
What are the best spiritual movies in Hollywood?
Do you think hachi is the loveliest movie ever made?
Can anyone give me the English subtitles of the movie Ponyo?
What is a film critic's/movie buff's reaction to the words "Tyler Perry movie”?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
I heard somewhere that most award shows (Emmys, Oscars, etc.) are corrupt? Is this true?
Am I the only one who feels that some of the scenes in Bahubali 2 are incomplete and imperfect in their execution compared to its prequel?
Why are there very few new Malayalam movies (released between 2012-2016) available on YouTube?
Is it possible for a JIPMER student to work in the film industry during a vacation?
In Baahubali 1, Baahubali refuses animal sacrifice, but the makers of the movie sacrificed a goat before releasing the film. Why the hypocrisy?
Does Charlie and the Chocolate Factory have a 2005 movie based book?
In what ways does the 2003 Peter Pan movie differ from J.M. Barrie's book?
Now that Baahubali is released, is this the new bench mark for south Asian movie making?
What is the best way to become a film composer?
Why was Edward Scissorhands treated differently?
Which actor do you think would be best suited for a role as Donad Trump?
Is it the time now that Bollywood and other film industries start making movies on Hindu mythology stories and heroes?
What are some of the biggest box office hits as a percentage of their budget?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
Where can I find short film groups to associate with in Hyderabad?
Which university does the movie rings take place in?
Why do we feel liberated at the end of Shawshank Redemption.How did Frank Darabont achieve that?
What is the original Sanskrit meaning of the Maahismati Anthem from Baahubali in English?
How can I add subtitles to movies on an iPhone?
What are the best Russian movies about the Cold War?
Which Bollywood actresses have had sex in their movies with another actress?
What is the most influential movie/film in all of history?
Who stars in the movie Hester Street?
If you could have a memento from any movie or TV show, what would you choose? It must be a real prop used in the production, not anything fictitious.
Which movies are the most thrilling movies in the 20th century?
Is it possible that someone can faint at one shot on his head by a vase or a rod as it happens in movies that the hero hits someone on his head and he is knocked out?
How many people are working in the porn industry as actors? Say, how many starred in a film in the last 6 months?
Most of us know Roger Moore was really the best Bond, but which film was his best in the series?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
Is The Shining (1980) the greatest horror movie ever made?
Which is the best and easiest movie download app?
What happened to the Missing 411 film?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What is a good documentary to watch to learn more about Edward Snowden?
Have you seen the film, ‘Sister my Sister, and what did you think of it?
What was the movie that had a really positive impact on your life?
Do Hollywood movies’ worldwide grosses include China?
Which horror novel till date has the best plot?
What are some of the most inspiring Bollywood movies that may have had an impact on viewers' lives?
Does the complete Star Wars (the new one) include the full history of the old canon?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
What are good movies and TV series on Canadian Netflix?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with Hindi audio?
How do I download Bollywood movies with mobile data?
What are some good movies for an ENTP?
How can you decorate a room for a scene in a gangster movie?
Is Digital Academy, the film school, good for Cinematography and does it have a good placement?
What are some movies with genuine kung fu?
Who developed animation films in India?
How can I add background sounds to a small part of a large video? The intensity of that music should increase, like in a horror movie.
Is Doremon Nobita based on a real story?
How can I get the movie Baahubali 2?
What is the most terrifying movie you have ever seen?
Where did I get Scooby do in Telugu?
Where can I watch Magnificent Century in English?
Is Tamil cinema overrated?
How can I watch the movie "For the love of Ruth"?
Who do I contact about a review of a film and book?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
What is the least believable thing about Jason Bourne?
What's the name of the movie where Gene Hackman, after much police pressure, falsely confesses to having molested a child?
While filming babies in movies, how can they make the babies do the things the director wants?
If you could rewrite or edit BvS or add more films before it, how would you do that?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
Yesterday (23rd May 2017) Sir Roger Moore sadly departed this world, aged 89. What are your favourite Roger Moore TV/movie moments?
What is the name of an animated movie about human history with Mr White?
What did you feel after watching Joker Tamil movie?
How did sound film impact the 1920s?
How can I find an inexpensive screenwriter for my micro budget film?
Was there any rift between Nazriya Nazim and some members of the Tamil film fraternity?
What is the reason behind the success of Indian films? Is it good quality or intense marketing and PR? Is the entertainment industry really growing?
If actors play a double role, will they get paid twice the amount, just asking?
The movie Inferno is real life. Instead of saving them from the plague, it is released into the world. Does this actually create a better world?
What was the clever clue the villains planted in an attempt to lure Batman into a trap, thus rescuing Bruce?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
What is a genuine website for Tollywood collections of movies?
Why did everyone hate the film "The Last Airbender" so much?
Did Russians enjoy the movie Red Dawn?
Where is that tree location pictured in the "Sanam Teri Kasam" movie?
Is the footage from war documentaries from the actual situation, or do they mix everything up to fit the story?
Will both Hayao Miyazaki and Makoto Shinkai make a new anime film together in 2020?
What books or series of films have relationships that are similar to Cassie and Sid’s relationship in ‘Skins’?
Is there a movie I can watch?
Do you think Heath Ledger could have acted as Bane?
Is it true Hollywood is working on a remake of "Red Dawn" as “Red Trump,” and Charlie Sheen will return as Patrick Eckert?
Why are so many films these days directed by two people?
What are some movies about writing jobs?
Why was the accident shown twice in the Vellipomaakey song?
Is Willow: A Short Story by Alice Rachel based on a true story?
What is the beneficial thing of having film actors (not theatre) in a country?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
Why do we Indians consider Hollywood fantasy/action masala flicks to be acceptable but ridicule similar elements in Indian movies?
What are the best 2D animated comedy films?
Where can I download the Shehanai audio that is played at the end of the Jaykara/Dandalaya song in the Baahubali 2 movie?
Are stunt cars that were used in movies street legal?
Where can I download the movie Dhoom 2?
If you were asked to play a part in Bee Movie 2, would you accept?
Will Hollywood make a parody movie of Bollywood?
If cartoons are remade into live action movies, why are there no live action movies remade into cartoons?
Which is the best website to download Hollywood movies in HD?
What are some of the best apps for download newly released Hollywood movies?
What do I do to learn film directing? How do I get started?
Is it fair that movie stars make more money than Nobel Prize winning scientists?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
It is weird to go to a cinema alone late at night?
Would Luke still be as valuable to Darth Vader and the Emperor if his last name weren't Skywalker?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
Which is your favourite movie from Hollywood?
What do I learn in Lagaan, the Indian movie?
Is the ending of the movie "Get Out" modified in the DVD/Blu-Ray/Digital Copy?
Have you done voice-over in any famous movies or series?
Where can I watch the Naruto movies dubbed in English?
What are the impacts on US citizens after watching movies like Snowden, Concussion, etc.?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
What is the difference between the film critics and the film audience?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
How is medieval sword fighting different than on medieval movies?
Who are some of the on-screen mothers of Bollywood?
Where do I find good short films?
Which will be better, 3GB Web-DL version or 3GB BRRip, if both are encoded by the same guy?
Can a NVIDIA Shield TV play all movie formats and subtitle files?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
What movies do you think are a must watch?
How many coins are in John Wick’s suitcase?
How many times can you watch a horror movie until the horror wears off?
Which movie is perfect?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
Are actor Jeffrey Tambor and Marvel Studio's Head Kevin Feige connected to each other? They look like twins!
Do south Indian movies have better stories and comedic timing than north Indian movies?
What do you think about the video "boyfriend" from the movie "Raabta"?
What are some movies, books, plays, etc. about the struggles of Muslim women?
Why do Bollywood movies have the same names?
What are Christopher Nolan's strengths and weaknesses in his career?
Who is the most famous British film producer of all time?
Is Baahubali 2 a good film?
The movie “Hindi Medium” has given a strong message, but is it practical in the real world?
Why is Loki's character so complex?
What is your review on Lahoriye?
How do the film stars behave at their home?
Alien: Covenant (2017 movie), what do you think happened between David and Elizabeth Shaw?
If cricketers were cast in Bollywood movies, who would star in what?
How can I watch movies on my TV from my phone?
Does the Force only exist within the Star Wars Galaxy?
Did Johnny Fontane have a bigger role in the novel than in the movie?
How would you fix the Star Wars prequels?
Did Marvel fans like the Dark Knight series?
What are the sites where I can watch Tamil movies on payment?
Who won the best film award in 2016?
What is the surname of Baahubali in the movie?
Why is Gotham's each episode directed by a separate director?
Why was Pete Postlethwaite regarded as a great actor?
What is the upcoming movie of Hrithik Roshan?
Where can I watch Kaatru Veliyidai with subtitles?
Why did Mahendra Bahubali take an oath in the name of Rajmata Shivgami Devi during the coronation, while his mother is Devasena? Is it a Hindi dubbing mistake?
Where can I find Gujarati movies and drama?
How do they make films in Bollywood?
Where can I download Bichumoo (Flying warriors). It's an old Korean movie?
If ExtraTorrent gets shut down permanently, what would be an alternative source to download Hindi-dubbed Hollywood movies?
What if Salman Khan starred in and as Bahubali?
If Prabhas is cast in a lead role in Mahabharata (a.k.a. Randam Ooozham), which role would best suit him? Why?
Which is the most racial product ever made?
Which are some movie characters where a petite old woman is actually very tough?
Does Hollywood have a president?
How can I download a movie of small size (400-500 MB) from mobile?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
What assets does film hero Shobanbabu have?
If the trailer in the description was real, would you watch the movie?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
Is it normal for a child to watch a movie over and over again without getting bored?
Why do Hindi movies dominate if the theater count in South India is much larger?
What do you think about movies about the Holocaust, especially Schindler's List and The Pianist?
Why is everyone in the movies such a horrible shot?
Wouldn't Stephen Amell make a good Green Arrow on the big screen?
What's your review on the movie Meera (1979)?
How irresponsible are Fun Cinemas people?
How much does it cost to make a movie theater?
Who thinks Aliens (1986) is a bad movie, or at least overrated?
What was the quality of Malayalam movies released between 2000-2010? Were they really better than other South Indian language movies as they are now?
Which part of the “Baahubali” story would you change and why?
What kind of religions exist in Star Wars?
What are China made films that depicts 2nd Sino-Japanese?
What is the status the Gambit movie from Fox?
Are all of the people in the movie Suicide Squad DC?
Why isn’t Bollywood praising Rajamouli’s Baahubali 2 success?
Who is your personal choice of an actor who should replace Daniel Craig's role in the next James Bond films?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
Why don't people like Christopher Nolan and Stanley Kubrick ever win Oscars? Even though they create masterpieces?
If they were to do a original middle earth movie what would you want to see in it?
What or how many movies was John Wayne was named Duke?
In The Dark Knight, how does Batman have such great plot armor, but then his back is suddenly broken by Bane in The Dark Knight Rises?
Have you ever been into a film like scenario?
How did Xenomorphs originate?
What is the role of Coke in the preparation of silicon?
Which is the best film star in india?
What is one of the biggest flops in history?
The new 3D effects in movies have been added to movies not originally filmed in 3D. Can the new 3D be added to old 3D movies from the ‘50s and ‘60s?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
How can I distribute my independent film?
What is the starting budget for a community movie theater in Toronto and Berlin?
Why do Malayalees like Tamil movies?
Why is the whole Bollywood silent with the success of Bahubali 2?
Where was the movie Bahubali made?
How do I watch the movie, Partner, online?
How do script writers quantify if a script is 'beyond the budget constraints' of a given movie?
Does a movie being good or bad affect the nomination of its individual parts for an Oscar?
What's the best successful ads in the movies?
Is a degree needed for becoming a filmmaker?
What specific parts of Braveheart are accurate?
Why was 'UP' written on the envelope of Judge Surillo in Batman The Dark Knight movie?
When will we ever see a canon novelization of the prequel trilogy of Star Wars?
In the Japanese version of the kids movie "Sing", do the red pandas sing in English?
In Logan, why did Laura's guardian try to find Logan?
Who is the best actor in Tamil cinema, ajith or Vijay?
Why do I get uncomfortable with romantic and/or sexual scenes on TV, books or real life?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
What punch dialogue is very much famous in North Indian movies?
How does Tarantino feel about Christopher Nolan?
What will the all-time box office rank for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 be on May 23, 2017?
What scenes in the 2016 Disney film Zootopia does Rich Moore direct?
What are some recent Tamil Fantasy movies which were the most underrated?
What is the movie 'Fantastic Beasts' about, and how is it related to Harry Potter?
What is bad acting?
How do they make actors/actresses look so good?
Who are the top 10 Hollywood actors of all time?
How did David defeat Walter in Alien: Covenant? Wasn't Walter an updated version?
Are there any horror films from the 1960s that would be considered scary by today's standards?
Can you tell me where can I download Nana Patekar’s movie 'Prahaar'?
What is the musical instrument used at 48:40 in the movie "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi (2013)"?
Which are the sitcoms which you should watch before you die?
Where can I get “The Reader” dubbed in Hindi?
What are some of the 'must watch' Mammootty movies (released after 2000)?
Why did Netflix remove ratings?
What was the first Disney film to feature closing credits?
Where can I watch, “Happy New Year” with English subtitles?
Who is the creepiest clown in TV, books, and/or movies?
What's your favorite innuendo?
Which mutants or metahumans from any fictional universe that haven’t been on screen/had little screen time would you like to see portrayed more & why?
Is it true there will be another movie like the Suicide Squad?
If you could change anything about Star Wars: The Force Awakens, what would you change and why?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
Which movies are considered bold in your country?
Why is there a sense of urgency in movies where they can travel through time?
Did you enjoy Moana?
Is it plausible for aliens to be as powerfull physically as in movies/animes?
How did The Secret movie/book change your life? Any real life experiences?
Can Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara be termed a psychological film?
Which cinema hall has a box in Kolkata?
What is the meaning of the dialogue 'No means no' from the movie Pink?
Do you have own movie theater in your home for your family only?
Is f-movies site down?
Do actors go into acting because of fame/attention?
Is there any app to download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
Which movie would you recommend to watch for improving English speaking?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
Why didn’t the police search for Andy Dufresne after he escaped from Shawshank?
Does diplomacy always win in real life?
Whch is the movie that made you cry?
Where can I find somebody to reenact the scene from the Wolf of Wall Street where Naomi talks about not wearing underwear?
If a stalker that was harassing an actor/actress and got a restraining order, would he or she be allowed to watch the films that the victim was in?
When dubbing was introduced to India, what was the first thing to get dubbed?
Are there any movies that explore what life would’ve been like for family and friends if the protagonist never existed?
Name some films which would have been much better with a different director and explain why?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
Can we watch the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales with the whole family?
How was the movie 'Half Girlfriend'?
Which are the must watch Latin American movies?
Which is the best website for downloading Hollywood and Bollywood movies in HD?
How do I watch Blu-ray movies via a 2017 Nvidia Shield TV?
What dictated the seemingly inflated talent fees of Hollywood actors? Why does an average movie cost millions of dollars to make?
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What are the best incest movies, like the Taboo series?
What is the best James Bond movie to which to introduce kids to the films?
What happened with the INS Vikrant (R11)?
Is Sooryavansham the most telecasted movie of all time?
Where can I watch free Hindi TV series and movies ​online (Web Plus app)?
What would be some great ideas for a Zootopia sequel?
What are some good movies in which the good guy doesn't win?
Why did the Chinese love the “Dangal” movie?
Is it possible for Pixar to ever make a live-action movie?
Why are films such an effective way of conveying significant themes and ideas?
Where can I download the Bollywood movie “Khamosh” (1985)?
I am very interested in bringing back the "movie palace" cinema, how should I go about that?
How would King Kong treat regular gorillas?
What are some really brilliant ambient or electronic film scores?
How difficult are the fight scenes in the films of Matt Damon, Tom Cruise, Keanu Reeves, etc.? Is there any real MA there?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
How can I find a movie statistics like no of tickets sold, no of shows in a particular theatre? Do we have any website?
How do we dub any language into Hindi?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
Why do so many horror movies involve stupid teens / early 20’s?
What's the greatest found footage film of all time?
If a movie is to be made about true events, who gives the permission to do so?
Why are we (Bollywood) not making any movies with some amount of intellect? How long do we plan on making love stories with different packaging?
What is story of the movie 2057 which Bollywood directors are directing along the lines of Bahubali?
If both Mitsuha and Taki from Your Name were to watch the MCU Avengers movie, what will they say and think about it?
What are the best lines from movies?
What is that the sci-fi movie where humans are killing aliens in another planet and where they kidnap their queen?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
Can hydrogen be burned manually? Is everything that NASA sends to space fire retardant? I’m asking this for a project on a scene from the movie, "The Martian".
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
Who would you thank if you won the Oscars?
In the movie The Brothers Grimsby we see the brother sucking the ball of his brother, was it real?
Why is it that even the non-dialogue scenes in “Baahubali 1” are different in the Tamil and Telugu versions?
What is your box office predictions for big Indian movies releasing this year?
Should we watch Pirates of the Caribbean with family?
Should I watch movies in the theater or on a network?
What movie reminds you of your life?
Is Sonarika Bhadoria a good actress? Can she act in the films in Bollywood?
What will happen if we went to watch a movie and bought the tickets of some other movie?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
How true are the events portrayed in the movie, "Snowden"?
What will you do if you are president for one day as shown in some Telugu movie?
Why is Baahubali 2 breaking all records? What is so special about this movie?
Can you name some movies that are like The Sandlot?
What is the duration of copyright for any movie or TV series?
What are the six important signs and symbols that the novel “Silence of Lambs” by Thomas Harris relies on to create an impression of horror?
In the 2012 Hindi movie Chakravyuh, what happens in the climax?
How much reality is there in the movie Interstellar?
With most of the websites blocked nowadays, can anyone suggest a website where I could download Indian Bollywood, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, etc. movies?
What are the movies that worth our valuable time?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
Is Joss Whedon directing Justice League? What's up with the recent reshoots with the movie?
Which of the Harry Potter movies are the most and least satisfying adaptations?
What do you think about Sony's coming up movie Venom?
How can I see an English version movie converted into Hindi audio?
What are your favourite movie and why? Is there any hidden meanings?
Which elements are necessary for film?
Who should act as Krishna in the upcoming Mahabharata movie(s) project?
Is the story of the Insidious movie brilliant?
What do Sri Lankans think about the film Bahubali?
How do people collect movies in the USA without buying them?
Did Blade Runner's "tears in rain" monologue have a philosophical message behind it?
How is the industry for digital film making?
Who creates the fantastic UI views on screen in movies or on TV series?
What percentage of spy work is sort of like the movies? When spy work becomes sort of like the movies, how movie-like does it get?
How can I watch Jadoo High?
Can you tell me a movie that everybody likes but you don't? And why?
What is the answer to why Kattappa killed Bahubali? Who is Ballaladeva’s (Rana) wife?
Why do the Chinese like Dangal, the movie?
What are your favorite low-budget movies not made by Hollywood?
Why do you think "Baahubali" got the hype it acquired?
What are the greatest performances of Setsuko Hara?
Which are the must-watch Hollywood movies from 1990-2017?
Why isn't "Hollywood Reporter" praising Aishwarya Rai's Cannes Film Festival outfit the way "TOI" is doing?
What are the 10 best French-language, made-in-France films from between 2000 and 2015?
Which actress should have played Ginny?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
Do you think Marvel's Sentry will be the next big R-rated superhero movie?
What are your best money/weapon/drugs movies?
What are your favourite 10/10 Tollywood movies?
How much does it cost to produce an indoor-quality ad film of 3 minutes?
In Bahubali, who is Bhadra's mother?
What are some inspirational Bollywood movies to watch?
How can we identify the pattern of events in real life?
In Baahubali 2, did Prabhas’ acting show signs of self-importance?
How do I get a role in Bollywood movies?
Are Tamil movies released in Hyderabad in Tamil?
How do movies and TV series get the best ratings on IMDB and popularity among people, even when they contain nude and sex scenes?
Is it better to watch TV series or movies?
Why are people who like to listen to movie scores/soundtracks considered nerds?
How were old movies colourised?
Why is Salman Khan still a bachelor?
How should I proceed to get a job in film (even a PA) when arriving in Toronto from Europe?
Do you think that Marathi characters in Bollywood movies are often shown as rural, while almost half of the population of Marathi people live in an urban area?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
How do I get movies legally to do critical videos like Nerdwriter or Every Frame a Painting?
What are some reviews for Guardians Of the Galaxy 2? What would be a comparison with other MCU movies?
What does Jack Fraser think about the new Star Trek trailer?
Why are dubbed versions of regional cinema released in Hindi with ridiculous titles?
In which language is the movie Dangal released in China?
Where can I watch “Detective Conan Movie 21″?
If you got the role of Road Warrior Hawk from Legion of Doom for a movie, what workout, diet, and drugs would you do to get prepared for the role?
What formats do actors commonly get dossiers of their characters' in?
Is it better to be a movie star or a TV star?
Why do we love the movie "The Breakfast Club" so much?
Who is the dead man and what is his folly in Agatha Christie's Dead Man's Folly?
Is it worthwhile watching Baahubali 2 in 4K, as it may require a minimum viewing distance in a cinema hall?
What is the one film/franchise that is better than the book?
Which movie is better, Good Will Hunting or The Blues Brothers?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do real ghosts and demons look like their movie counterparts?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
Where can I watch/download Hindi dubbed English movies online? (paid/free)
Does Alien: Covenant help connect Prometheus to rest of the Alien films?
What is the meaning of the Tamil dialogue "aamanda pe payale.. Richie" from the Nivin Pauly movie “Richie”?
What's the difference between best screenplay and best picture?
Do movies increase our knowledge?
What is a way to find work in the film industry?
Have you seen anyone get jilted at the altar in real life like they show on TV? Do you know what happened?
How much does noticeable lens dirt in a shot matter to a film festival programmer?
What is the track that’s played in the biggest, loudest, craziest party scene from the 2016 Trolls movie?
How many Guardian of the Galaxy movies do you think there will be, and why?
Will Lavalantula turn into a film series like Sharknado?
Why do producers and directors make a movie even though they know it’s going to be a massive flop?
What is the actor Wilson Bethel doing now?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
Will Baahubali 2 pave the way for erasing the Bollywood-Tollywood differences and for the emergence of a common Indiwood platform??
When will Avatar 2 be released?
Do Bollywood movies show nudity?
How do people in USA collect movies without torrent?
If you could turn any arc of The Clone Wars into a full-lengthed live-action, big-budget movie, which would you choose and why?
Which actor has the craziest female fan following?
Who is the sexiest actor of Hollywood?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
Why are male choirs used in sinister scenes in movies?
What shows should one watch to get modernized/westernized?
Is Disney recreating all of their movies but this time they are in real life?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
Who have watched the movie The Shack and what do you think about it?
I have a moral dilemma, I want to watch the new Doctor Who but my family wants to watch it with me. What should I do?
Which Batmobile would win, Batmobile from Batman v Superman vs Batmobile from Justice League?
Is there any male leading actor in a 21st century blockbuster Hollywood non-action movie who is 100% East Asian-looking?
Where can I get the Sarrainodu movie (2016) in Hindi?
Why does Anushka Shetty look so different in Baahubali 2 than she looks in the movie promotions?
Which is the most genuine website for movie reviews or ratings?
What’s a movie that absolutely petrified you?
What would your reaction be if Forrest Gump got transferred into your squad?
Has the image of SS Rajamouli improved considerably after the success of Baahubali 2?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
What were stoners’ best ever highdeas?
Is Tiger Shroff capable of playing an intense character like Rambo?
Is this the proper way to film a gunshot explosion in a film?
What are the best action Hollywood movies?
Do you have to be a Christian to be in a Christian movie?
What was the role of Karan Johar in Baahubali’s production?
Is Blade Runner 2049 (2017) going to be any good?
What are notable depictions of sibling negotiations in film or literature?
How do movies make close up throat cutting scenes look so real?
Why are Fast and Furious movies still being made, and why are they grossing so much?
What is the date of Allu Arjun’s new movie audio?
Should I watch the Khule-Aam sexy Yaara movie?
What Hindi film actor/actress has done the most films?
Do any of you guys think all of the Harry Potter movies are connected somehow?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
What are some of the Kollywood actors who turned into politician?
What is the most underrated thing about Bollywood?
Is there any platform where I can get in touch with trained short film directors in Hyderabad for my channel?
If someone asked you to watch only one movie every day, which movie would you choose?
How do professional filmmakers feel about YouTube movie reviewers with large followings?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Supposing Hollywood decides to make a Mahabharat movie, which character between Arjuna and Karna do you think would be more popular?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
Would acting in movies be a good job?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
How is Bane stronger than Batman in the movie, The Dark Knight Rises? There is no mention of Venom that he is taking through the mask.
How long it will take for Disney to own all the Marvel superhero film rights from Fox, Lionsgate, Sony and Universal Pictures?
Will “Baahubali 2” cross 2000 crore, since it is yet to be released in China and it has already reached 1500 crore by the 17th day?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
Who could get me a list of inspiring movies?
How does a film director narrate/explain a romantic scene to both actor and actress?
In your opinion, what is the best score written for a movie?
Can autistic people become screenwriters?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest movies and TV series?
How would you contain a Xenomorph?
Do you think Julie Walters could be the greatest British actress of all time?
How does one reproduce film quality like this with a cheaper camera?
Who is the worst dancer among Tollywood actors?
Where can I find a movie producer for a story that I have? I'd like to make the story into a short movie. How much do you think it will cost?
What are the softwares, that are used to create the movie, Zootopia?
Where can I get Hindi dubbed versions of Tamil cult movies like Nayagan, Thalapathi etc.?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
What are some amazing Indian short movies to watch?
How far is the movie about Pulikecei true? Is he really the Tughlaq of South India?
Why have Tim Burtons movies deteriorated in quality in recent years?
Which cinemas have couples seats in Kolkata?
What are Tamil actor Vijay's best movies?
Why are Indian films not as famous as Chinese films in the USA?
Is the scenario presented in the movie, "The Day After Tommorow" possible?
Do you expect Bahubali 2 to be nominated for the Oscars? If so, what are the winning chances?
Which are the best 10 motivational movies?
Is it only me or anyone out there who thinks the Sachin movie trailer falls flat?
Why is Hollywood sexually liberal?
Suppose Baahubali 3 was to be made with a budget of 500 crores. Can Rajamouli raise the amount from a share market, for a movie?
Should I watch Riverdale? Is it interesting or worth watching?
What's best way to download the latest movies?
What have some of the Hollywood directors done for earning money before they became famous?
In Star Wars: A New Hope (1977), what would have happened if the droids’ escape pod had been destroyed?
What was the name of the dish that Kangana Ranaut's character "Rani" ordered in the movie 'Queen' after which she vomited?
Why shouldn't I be discouraged to become a filmmaker?
Which is the best horror movie in the world?
How are graphics different from animation in movies?
How are bilingual movies like Baahubali shot so that they are able to replicate the scenes in the other language as well?
What are some best sites for downloading Hollywood movies in HD?
Is it true that Sridevi was the first choice to play the role of Sivagami in the Baahubali franchise?
Is Rajnikanth's Baba movie a flop?
Where can I watch (or download) the Sleuth (1972) movie?
Is Logan the most realistic movie set in the future?
Is there a possibility that Bahubali and Magadheera share the same universe?
Are there any movie synopsis in which the main male character is described as beautiful?
What book should Hollywood make (or remake) into a movie?
Where can I download the audio track for the movie "Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya"?
Can you recommend to me good teen movies or movies that are about life in school?
What is the best action and adventure show on Netflix right now?
Is Moana based on Maori culture?
What is the most horrifying true story?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
What song is in the trailer for Alien:Covenant (2017)?
In "Alien: Covenant", how was David superior to Walter?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
Do you know about any school shootings inspired by movies?
Is there any way I can remove this arrow-like mark randomly appearing in a movie?
Why is the movie Battleship Potemkin considered propaganda?
Where can I watch Arrow online, without any signup?
What do you like about movies?
How many cinemas do Ethiopians have?
Will the upcoming movie 'Tiger Zinda Hai' save Katrina's career?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Who's a better film director, Clint Eastwood or Martin Scorsese?
Why are Republican actors essentially getting blacklisted in Hollywood?
What's the last movie you paid money to see and didn't regret afterwards?
What are some of the best time-travelling movies you have seen? Would you recommend them to everyone who loves these kinds of movies?
If Shah Rukh Khan is the biggest movie star in the world, then why don't his movies break the all-time collection records?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
Why are mainstream films so average these days? Hear me out.
What are the great movies that were made on the basis of psychology, a quest for the meaning of life, love, travel around the world, etc.?
Who is the real hero of the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
Considering negative criticism, can you point out any positive/enjoyable elements in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
What is your favorite film series?
Will there be another part of Bahubali after the 2nd one? I saw a book of Bahubali that was based on ancestors of Amerendra Bahubali.
If you ever make a movie, what genre would it be?
Which movie is very suspicious?
What is the list of old songs used in the movie Meri Pyaari Bindu?
What is the latest movie series?
What is the one thing you got out of the movie "Into the Wild"?
Which movie made you to change and how?
What are the best lines from any movie?
Which is best website to download Hollywood movies in dual language and in HD?
Has someone won an Oscar for an action movie?
Can I watch my downloaded movies on Chromecast?
What are the most memorable action comedies movies so far?
How does a censor official confirm that animals used in film shooting were not harmed?
Which one provides the best Tollywood gossip?
Should I watch upcoming Marvel show, The Gifted on Fox?
What is Ridley Scott's opinion on James Cameron's Aliens?
Why do people say that Vin Diesel is a bad actor? Is he a bad actor? Does he play his roles in a dumb way?
Is there a more bitterly ironic statement at the end of a movie than the words at the very end of My Own Private Idaho’s “Have a Nice Day”?
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What is it like being an actor?
What do you think about the Tamil film Varanam Aayiram? I need an answer from Neil Menon (if you saw this movie).
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Why is there no movie based on the novel Call of the Wild in the 21st century?
Is the Hollywood film industry a sophisticated CIA front?
I recently watched The Guardians of the Galaxy 2 after reading some negative reviews that, I think, were baseless.Can someone with the same view help?
Which are SRK’s good movies?
Is the new Harry Potter movie going to arrive in 2018?
Where can I watch Sholay 3D?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
When do Tamil youngsters avoid fighting for cinema actors?
In the end of the movie IT, how can a powerful ancient creature be killed by being hit with a rock and then toppled to the side like a cow?
What are your top ten macho, manly movies?
In how many films have Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan worked together?
What are upcoming Hindi movies in August 2017?
Can you suggest the top 5 movies that are able to motivate a student?
How do I download movies from my phone?
Which film will you watch this weekend: Half Girlfriend or Hindi Medium?
Is the upcoming Death Note movie going to hit movie theaters or only Netflix?
Indian movies are not thought-provoking. Do you subscribe to that view?
How do you get subtitles on online videos?
Why are homosexuals shown always as a caricature in Bollywood movies?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
Why should the so called Bollywood stars be paid a fortune for displaying their vulgarity on the big screen?
I want to ask a company to sponsor a short film project (and I have an idea how it could promote their brand). How do I approach them?
Is it possible for the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" to actually happen?
Since Baahubali is made in two languages, Tamil and Telugu, does it mean that all of the scenes were shot twice?
Is it weird that I watch movie reviews after I have watched the movie?
Which video game based movies do we hope to see in the future?
What are the best world movies torrent sites to download?
Are 3D glasses included?
What did you like about A Dog's Purpose?
Which is the best website for downloading all types of movies?
Which Emma Watson movies are available in Hindi?
What are some songs on Lord Shiva featured in movies of any language (something like Kochadaiyaan and Bahubali)?
Which action movie(s) have the most accurate and realistic portrayals of gun fights?
Where can I find out more about the movie Interstellar?
Are Indians films being shot in Pakistan?
If you happen to direct a movie in the future, what would be its theme?
Have you ever seen a movie that simultaneously displays subtitles in multiple languages?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
What is the English song used in OK Jaanu (Hindi movie) during the wedding scene at the church?
Who would win a fight between John Wick and Agent 47?
What movies should I watch to improve my British English?
Which is the best horror movie?
What are the strangest, weirdest movies ever made?
Are Bollywood movies released in English abroad?
Which Indian director has directed the most number of films?
Which movie makes you feel happy?
What do westerners think about Bahubali movies?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
What did you learn from the movie Arya 2 (Allu Arjun)?
How would you rank the MCU film villains?
In Star Trek: The Voyage Home, did the Eugenics Wars still occur in the 1960s?
What is the name of the Spanish song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene where Toretto and his wife were in their bedroom?
What happened at the end of Lost?
How do I greenlight the next Cloverfield sequel?
How do you feel about the new replacement terminal coming to the Hollywood Burbank Airport?
What is the title of the movie where they sneak and stole money in lloyds bank?
Is Bahubali 2 the only superhit and blockbuster movie in Hindi cinemas to cross 1000 crores?
Will there be a spin off movie for The Lord of the Rings?
What is the language of the film Sachin Tendylkar?
Where would Roger Moore rank among the actors who played James Bond?
Is the work atmosphere shown in the movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” accurate?
Do you think Logan (2017) deserves an Oscar or at least a nomination?
Where can one find some movie critiques for the movie Gandhi by Richard Attenborough?
Do you have the Hindi dubbed version of the Telugu movie Happy Days?
Can somebody tell me from where I can download the Armistice (2013) movie?
What makes films to win Oscars?
What are the other short films Nolan directed apart from "The Following"?
How would Yareal Poof's story, the Robot Chicken version, fit into Star Wars canon?
Which takes more man-hours, an animated film or a non-animated film?
How many people like the film Baahubali 2?
What is the best ever torrent site to download any movie or app?
Is The Godfather the greatest movie ever?
What is so special about the film Forrest Gump?
Who is the mother of Bhadra (Bhallala Deva’s son) in Baahubali?
Is Bahubali 2 the greatest movie in Indian cinema?
What became of Lion's Saroo's 2 brothers, Mantosh and Sadhu? The film doesn't answer that.
Which is the best Kolkata movie theatre: Inox Quest or Cinepolis Acropolis?
Where can I watch Dandupalya with English subtitles?
How do people differentiate good or bad from an actor/actress's acting skills?
What do you think about the ending of Alien: Covenant?
Has anyone not watched Baahubali 1?
How many polycount per character is reasonable for making pre-rendered 3D movie?
How does an actor/actress' partner feel about them regularly having to kiss other people?
Is Don Johnson a good or bad actor?
Does anyone recognize the beauty of the first frame of “Guardians of the Galaxy” on the IMAX 3D screen, where Ego's character drove off of the fields?
What are your favourite rom-com movies?
In the film industry, is the best boy a gaffer or a (key) grip?
Why is John Wick such a kick ass movie?
Assuming it was properly licensed, would it be better for the web as a whole for people to stream a Netflix movie or download via torrents?
How do I download Hollywood movies in one click?
What is the journey of the movie industry in the US?
What is your review of “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” (2017 movie)? Is the mage in the movie related to Merlin?
Why does Brad Pitt only make war movies?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
Why is it considered to be a bad thing for people who are rich or influential to finance their own movies?
Are there any movies in Hollywood and Bollywood which is based on a narcissist?
What is your opinion about the upcoming movie of actor Jeeva?
Why has Bahubali 2 become a blockbuster movie?
What is the reason behind Magadheera's failure and Baahubali's immense success?
What is your most favorite European sci-fi film?
How many Indian actress worked in Hollywood?
What is the Pirates of the Caribbean chronology?
On which site should I download Japanese movies with English subtitles?
Are some war strategies and fighting techniques shown in the Bahubali movie series copied from other movies?
What do you think about the character of Divyanka Tripathi, a popular television actress?
KickassTorrents used to be a good site for Afrikaans movies. Is there anywhere else?
What are the best Tollywood photoshoots?
How can I go in Bollywood?
Is there footage of Jackie Chan in a real competition?
Why are recent Kannada movies using names or references to hit movies or legendary personalities’ names?
Do the Baahubali movies have some connection with South India's history, or are these works of pure fiction? Was there a kingdom named Mahishmati?
Why has JYK (condors369) stopped uploading movies on thepiratebay.org?
Why are people angry about Joss Whedon directing the Batgirl movie?
Bahubali 2 was a disappointment. Am I alone to think so?
Will Jimi Hendrix Live at the Royal Albert Hall ever be released on film officially?
How can I download Korean movies with my phone legally free online?
What is your favourite collaborative, award-winning animated movie? Why?
You are forced to watch the same movie every day of your life. Which one would you choose?
In Star Wars, would it be possible for a boarding party to capture a Star Destroyer by holing up in one room and then decompressing the rest of the ship?
What is your review of Hindi Medium (2017 movie)?
Which upcoming 2017 summer movie will be successful in the box office?
If you could go back and remake or rewrite any movie franchise, which would you choose and what changes would you make?
What does Bollywood think about the Southern film industries after “Baahubali” and “Robot” franchises?
Why didn't John Carpenter and John Mctiernan get more success?
Why is Baahubali so hyped and has become a symbol of Hindu nationalism rather than just being another Indian movie?
Is John Wick a superhero character?
Where can I find the movie “Machine” (2017)?
Which is the movie that made you most emotional?
What are some of the best underrated sci-fi horror films?
What do you think of the movie 'A Dog's Purpose’?
What are some entertaining old sci-fi/ fantasy movies?
Is there any link to download the Rudramadevi Telugu movie?
Do I need to watch the Sherlock movie before series 3?
Can you explain the ending of Interstellar (2014)?
How do you think Baahubali 2 will fare in China?
What is the box office collection of Sarkar 3 (2017 movie)?
What is a good movie for a child?
If your life were a movie, would you let your parents watch it?
Why I'm unable to find Hindi dubbed version of Hollywood movie Moonlight(2016)?
How much do the cars used in movies like Fate of the Furious cost?
Why do people watch Salman Khan's movies if they hate him so much?
Why, in TV serials or film, can't we see the cameras in front of mirrors, and which effect is this?
How dirty is Kolkata film industry?
Which are the website that gives genuine reviews to movies?
Who are the Zygerrians in Star Wars?
What accent does Alex in A Clockwork Orange have?
How many cars were actually destroyed during the filming of the movie "Fast and Furious 8"?
What are the most touching scenes in Baahubali 2?
Do people actually have sex in movies scenes?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for half girlfriend Hindi movie?
Which is the best "Beauty and the Beast" film, Hollywood version or French version?
What is the least believable thing about the Pirates of the Carribean series?
Does the USA make the best TV shows/movies in the world? Why or why not?
What is an audition for a movie like?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
As shown in the movie 'Mohenjo Daro,' were the first settlers of the Gangetic plains Harappan people or invading Aryans?
What is one Movie you will absolutely love to watch in Cinema hall if released again?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
What was the actual motive behind Bel and Genesis's torture game in the movie Knock Knock (2015)?
Who are the five tallest characters in Baahubali?
Which cinema provides the best 3D experience in Chandigarh?
Did Prabhas suit the role of Baahubali?
As an American, to what extent can you relate to "The US" as depicted in Hollywood movies?
What is Miller's Planet in Interstellar?
Is there a certain way and format to write a movie script, or do you just have to get ideas on paper?
How can I make it to Bollywood?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2?
Can I make a good movie and launch it in Indian cinemas with 5 cr as the budget?
Which website gives the latest movie news?
What is the best channel on Roku for old movies?
To what extent will Baahubali (Part 1 and Conclusion) change the trend of the movies in Bollywood?
What's the best film/developer combo for enlargements?
What's it like, as an actor, to play a character that's supposed to be a bad actor?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
What is the best movie you have ever seen? What did you take advantage of?
In which film MKT and P.U.Chinappa acted together?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
What is an explanation for the ending of "The Vatican Tapes"?
What is the Telugu dialogue spoken by Dhanush in the Padikkathavan movie?
Now that Extratorrent is gone, where can I find movie releases from releaser groups like DDR, DUS, TeamOS etc?
What are some reactions to the trailer for 'Super Singh'?
Why is it that every time in scary slasher films the girl always runs back into the house/cabin where the slasher dude is?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
Why is Michael Cera such a bad actor?
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
Is there any movie about Galileo or Copernicus?
What do movie critics think about Bahubali 2?
Movies and TV series depict death as being very quick to come after a single sword cut. Is it possible to die immediately after being cut by a sword?
What are some movies that are similar to The Great Wall?
What do psychopaths think about the movie "American Psycho"?
Do actors and actresses really sing in the movies? I recently watched the new live action "Beauty and the Beast" and was amazed by the vocal talent.
How does one go about making a documentary about their life?
How many cars got crashed in all Fast and Furious movies?
Have you ever told a talker in a cinema while you were watching a film to STFU?
What gear do I need to become a film composer?
How do directors shoot compilations in Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch and download the movie Fairy Tail Dragon Cry?
What does it say about a person's personality whether or not they enjoy horror movies?
If Bahubali 3 is ever made, then what will be the story?
What are the shows in the West where Hollywood actors are called for interviews?
Can a music video be classified as a short film?
How do I download the movie “Half Girlfriend”?
Is it hard for an Asian to get roles in Hollywood? If so,why?
Is there an alternate reality as mentioned in sci-fi movies and shows?
Why is Roger Stone admitting to all his trickery in the documentary on Netflix?
How much do top Hollywood costume designers earn per film?
Are Baahubali 1 & 2 modified versions of the old Kannada movie Mayura (Dr. Rajkumar)?
Can I use movie quotes in my movie blog?
Where can I download Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch The Seventh Seal (1957) with English subtitles?
If you were to make a movie with any actor but the only advertisement the movie would get was the name of the lead actor, who would be your lead?
Dangal has grossed 1500 crores worldwide. How much will Aamir Khan earn as the producer of this film?
What is the most believable thing about Star Wars?
Is it true that some deities who are worshipped in some parts of India were actually created by a movie?
How are the names of characters determined for movies and TV?
In X-Men: Apocalypse, why was Apocalypse betrayed in the start?
In which Korean-dubbed films has Korean voice actor Ja-Hyeong Gu voiced Denzel Washington?
Was Star Wars originally meant to promote theocracy and religious extremism?
What does it mean when Spock says that Khan “exhibits 2-dimensional thinking” in “Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan”?
Where will Desi Digital Releasers (DDR) post its movies since extratorrent has shut down permanently?
Does anyone have a hangover from Baahubali: The Conclusion? I am awestruck and completely smitten by the characters of the movie. Does anyone feel the same?
What is the difference between Indian style of Cinema making and that of Hollywood?
Now that Bahubali: The Conclusion has been released, what do you think is a good way to extend the story for part 3?
What is the Chinese opinion on the American film “American Sniper” (2014)?
I am 17. I watched all the Harry Potter movies and I absolutely adore them. Am I too old to read the books? Should I do it?
What is the name of a film about a "club", possibly starring James Spader?
Does the movie "No Men Beyond This Point" intend to have a prolife message?
Why are people making such a big deal out of Jennifer Lawrence's strip pole video?
How do I download the full audio track for “Commando 2” movie in Hindi?
What major or course should I take to become a video/short film maker?
Where can I find the latest Indian movie DVD releases and dates?
What are one or more of your favourite taglines in cinematic history?
What is the number one thing that makes a movie good?
Is there a website or an app where I can make a list of already watched series and movies?
What made Sivagami egoistic in “Bāahubali 2”?
When will “Baahubali 2” be released in China?
What was James Cameron's reasoning behind the last scene in Titanic with Jack, Rose and everyone clapping?
Why is Good Will Hunting so highly rated?
What is your worst Disney movie?
Is there any Harry Potter movie after the last one (Deathly Hallows)?
What are some events that show the true power of the internet?
What is the climax of Inception?
Is there any Indian movie available which may replace Baahubali’s popularity?
In the movie Baahubali, are there any mysteries unsolved?
Is the film "Split" a realistic depiction of split personality disorder?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
Do actors own what they buy when shooting a scene that involves shopping?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
What are the best movies in 2017?
Being an Indian filmmaking student, how can I land a job in Hollywood production houses?
What are 18+ horror Hollywood films?
What is the reason for the movie Suryavansham being aired on Set Max for so long and in so-called regular intervals?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
What are your thoughts on Baahubali becoming a pan-Indian movie?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
What did you think about Titan AE movie?
Is it possible to team up with Steven Spielberg to make a cartoon?
What skills are required for creating an animated movie?
What are some violent PG 13 movies?
How can I make a hero in Bollywood?
In the movie Silence, since Andrew Garfield apostatized their Lord, why did he still have the Jesus symbol with him in the end of the movie?
Will they ever defeat Thanos in a Marvel movie? If so, who will defeat him?
What are some Hollywood movies with the most ridiculous Hindi Dubbing?
Why were the names changed in the movie Big Short, but not in the book?
How does having sex for a film affect your feelings as an actress?
How can I download a movie on its release date?
What is the one movie you'd suggest to someone who is really depressed?
What's with all the movies that are adapted from books? Are they always bad to those who read the novel beforehand?
Is the Kannada movie "Hollywood" a good Indian movie, considering its release date?
How do you compare Baahubali 2 to Hollywood movies?
Where was the name Kaliyuga derived from?
What is the best Online Movies site in Brazil?
How do I sell a story to Hollywood?
Where would the Fast and Furious franchise be today if Paul Walker was still alive?
Why should we watch film?
How can I download a movie on mobile with less size?
How can I watch an R-rated movie in the theaters?
Is a movie about Sachin Tendulkar necessary?
Which scene in Baahubali 2 gave you goosebumps?
Why are British actors used so often in roles that are of different nationalities?
What is it like to imagine yourself in the body of a character/actor when you are watching a film and relating to other characters in the film?
Which is the best Punjabi movie in 2017?
When Europeans dub English language films, do they use particular accents? How about Japanese and Chinese films?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
When will any Indian film cross $1 billion?
Which are the best South Korean movies one should definitely watch (only thriller, horror, gangster and revenge genre)?
Which is the best Disney movie in Hindi dubbed?
If you had 200 million dollars, which Indian director would you choose to direct a movie in your production?
In Secret Window, who didn't feel sorry for Mort’s wife Amy when he killed her and her boyfriend Ted?
What is a couple movie ticket voucher?
Where can I watch New Girl with English subtitles?
What are the top 10 Bollywood movie collections of 2017?
Do I need to know the actual story of Dunkirk evacuation before watching the movie?
Is there anyone who is interested in cinematography?
What is Bahubali 2 earnings?
Where are the scenes set in Russia actually filmed?
What are some Indian movies which everyone should see at least once?
Which was the better decade for movies, comics, games, and music geeks, the 80s or the 90s?
After the Baahubali movie, is Indian​ cinema famous across the world?
Do you stand up at the movie theatre when the national anthem plays? What’s your view on it?
Where can I see a trailer for the new abc show for the people?
How often are movies remade by different studios?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
What should I do if I am more interested in the film industry than in doing job in IT ?
Which actor/actress do you think is great but keeps on getting mediocre roles?
Which are the movie dowloading/streaming sites banned in Germany? Does anyone know if DDLValley is legal or not?
Why are there almost no good German movies except for Nazi movies?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is the Hindi movie “Dangal” such a runaway hit with the Chinese audience?
Are there any 2-disc editions of the extended versions of The Hobbit films? As in, just the films, no other bonus discs.
What movie or TV show has sparked genuine conversation between you and your child?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
Why do more people on Quora follow the topic Movies than the topic Books?
Why do people still watch and enjoy the new Fast and Furious films?
Which upcoming Netflix movies/TV series are you most excited about?
What are the most well known movie quotes of all time?
What makes getting into Hollywood so hard?
Why shouldn't we take Afghanistani actors instead of Pakistani actors?
Are there Tollywood movies on a Qatar flight?
Who is the worst movie actor, who is considered a star?
What movies should I watch to learn everything about Batman?
Who could be the best cast if Malayalam movie "Premam" is remade in Hindi?
Is it possible to copy JIO movies saved on phone to a laptop or PC?
How many of you think Bollywood songs are better than Hollywood?
How do I download or watch the new Indian movie Half Girlfriend 2017 online?
Who are the best aunties of Bollywood?
Will the Book of Atlantic Movie be showing in American theaters? If so, which regions?
When will the Kirik Party DVD be released?
What are Jason Bourne's (movie) personality traits?
Is there an example of a complicated scene that failed to shoot because of its complexity?
If you could switch the soundtracks of 2 different movies with each other, which movie soundtracks would you switch?
Why has "Last of the Breed" by Louis L'Amour never been made into a movie? This is probably one of the best adventure novels of all time.
With several story ideas for screenplays, should I write the treatment first or just dive into the screenplay? And why am I so terrified to start?
Which movie does Jackie Chan act in, where in one of the scenes, someone tries to take a box out of the great wall of China, destroying it?
What motivation does Disney (or any studio) have to continue making animated shorts?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What are the similarities between the epic Indian independence movement and the movie Bahubali?
What is the best HD movie downloading site?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
Why do I feel weird after watching an anime for the first time?
What factors lead to Baahubali’s success at the box office?
Is is possible to temporarily buy/rent rights to show a new film at a community event?
Was Groot a baby in the comics, or was that only in the movies?
Would it be a good idea for Mickey Mouse to get his own movie?
Is there any movie in Tamil that is better than Raavanan?
Should I worry about what age I "make it" in the entertainment industry as a writer, comedian, filmmaker, or actor? I fear that the age you make it at, matters.
Is the Baahubali movie vaguely based on Chandragupta Maurya?
When will Leo's fortune 2 come out?
Why do synthetics (androids) in the Alien universe grow hair?
What are best horror and action movies of Hollywood to watch on YouTube free of cost?
Why is “Baahubali 2” a tight slap on money-minded Bollywood?
What are the signs that prove that Bahubali 3 will be released?
What are the best medieval battle scenes involving cavalry?
What is a list of the best movies with fighter dogfights or involving air warfare?
What is the difference between "Films" and "Movies" when we use these words to denote cinema?
Will a biopic ever be made on a common person?
Where can I download Bollywood movies for free?
What do teens think today when they see teen movies from the 1980s?
Where was the 1996 "The Nutty Professor" film set in?
Which are the most expensive movies ever produced in India amongst all time?
Did the 1976 movie Network predict the rise of Donald Trump?
How do producers collect money from cinemas?
How can I become an actor in the Tamil cinema in a hero’s role?
What could have prompted Autumn Snyder, the loving daughter of one of the most famous directors of the world, Zack Snyder, to commit suicide?
What is the name of the song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene, where Toretto was with his wife in the room?
Why do some people think that Sangamithra is going to be an utter flop?
Why does almost, if not every, movie have a black and white checkered floor in it somewhere? Many TV shows have that floor, too.
Why is Rana's look different in the first and second Baahubali movie?
Where I can buy the cap Arjun (Dulquer Salman) wears in the Bangalore Days movie? It's more like a beanie but open on both the ends.
Will La La Land be the last truly amazing movie musical?
If some American series are neither broadcasted in my country nor subtitled in Netflix, how am I supposed to watch them legally?
Which is the best part or scene of the movie, Kung Fu Panda 2?
Star Wars: Did Vader ever laugh after being put in his suit?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
Why is the Hindi version of Drishyam so different?
What are the best English social movies?
Which is the worst movie you paid to watch in this year?
Is there any app to download movies?
Can Gordon Miller watch a film and work? I read that he has ADD and he’s able to multitask very well.
What does HDTC quality means in pirated movies?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
Which is the best Hollywood horror movie in 2015?
How likely are we to create artificial intelligence like in the movies (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ex Machina)?
Who voiced Devsena in the Tamil version of Bahubali?
In the Silence movie, when Andrew Garfield apostatized against their Lord, why in the end of the movie did he still have Jesus’ symbol?
What role is Ice Cube suitable for in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Are there any movies directed in Pak which are India friendly, like the way we have Bajrangi, Veer-Zaara, and Happy Bhaag Jayegi? Haters stay away.
Why are prequels made?
What is the highest grossing Hindi movie in Tamilnadu?
How can I download an HD version of the movie Baahubali 2?
What are your five favorite movies and why did they make such a impression on you?
Is there a comic book or novel prequel to the movie “X-Men: Days of Future Past”?
Was the Warren story a report or a transcription from Alice in Wonderland?
Will Baahubali 2, after reaching 1000+ crores, make another sequel?
How can I search a director’s biography on Bloomberg (i.e., all the directors in FTSE 250 all together)?
Why didn’t the movie “Hamari Adhuri Kahani” hit box office?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
What is the phone used in John Wick 2?
Why have some Bollywood singers shifted from Bollywood to South Indian films to Ad films?
When popular music is used in movies, would it be "used with permission"?
Where can I watch Velvet season 4 with English subtitles?
Why do I seem to enjoy films of the 80s and 90s as compared to the 2000s and 2010s?
Who is the worst female protagonist in a Tollywood movie?
Which is the new historical Bollywood film?
What is one observation you made but nobody has mentioned so far on Quora about Baahubali 2?
Are dangal box office figures in China real?
Seeing his performance in Masaan and Aankhon Dekhi, can we say that Sanjay Mishra is a better actor than Naseeruddin Shah or Om Puri?
What is your opinion on superhero movies being one of the most popular genres right now?
Are all foreign movies required to be dubbed in Japanese cinemas?
What are the most well known movie quotes?
How do I find an investor for a very promising horror short film?
How can I rip and put DVD movies on Nabi tablets?
What is the difference between documentary and docudrama?
Was the Malayalam movie Urumi as appreciated as it should have been?
Is there any other song similar/related to Tujhse Naraaz Nahi Zindagi from the movie Masoom?
What is the best free website for streaming Hindi movies?
What is the butter flavoring at the movie theaters made of?
What are the best websites for Tollywood cinema?
Is it true in China you can download recent western movies legally and for free?
Will X-23 appear in X-Men: The New Mutants (2018)?
What is your favourite thing about hunting?
How do films like Silence or Colossal get made where it seems like the studio has no intention of making a profit?
The way Hollywood depicts the CIA, is it somewhat realistic at all?
Are Indian people very excited for the movie "Sachin: A Billion Dreams"?
Why do established actors sometimes do nonsensical movies?
If you could change one thing about your favourite movie/game/book, etc., what would it be?
How many actors have won both an Oscar and a Razzie?
How is 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun' the biggest hit of Indian cinema when adjusted for inflation?
What are some movies or books related to being single? (Like 500 days of summer)?
What movies have Marvel actors Co-starred in together outside of the MCU?
Where can I find a complete list of songs from the movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword?
Which actors and actresses deserve the accolades if there were no politics in the Academy Awards (or any awards)?
What is the deal with YouTube videos that say "Full Movie" but then open to a screen saying the film is copyrighted?
Why, in the Wizard of Oz film, does nobody see Dorothy as a killer?
How many people like to watch action movies?
What are the best Korean films to watch as a foreigner?
What should happen in the Batgirl movie?
How many MB would it take to watch a normal Bollywood movie?
If you had 1 month to live, what movies and TV shows would you watch? Why?
In Diamonds Are Forever, why was Plenty O'Toole on her way to see Tiffany Case just before she ended up in the pool with a weight around her feet?
Which elements are necessary for making a film?
Is the Sequel star wars trilogy essentially rewriting the Thrawn storyline?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
In which movies was John Wayne named Duke?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
What are some calming pictures with horrifying backstories?
When a film has 10 producers, do they expect different things or the same thing from the film?
How does a guy enter the adult film industry?
What would the Star Wars Rebels characters look like if it was live action?
Does Russia have any Red Dawn type movies showing an American invasion?
In which film did a nun bobblehead appear in a car? It might have been in any of Tarantino’s films, or films like that.
How do I get my screenplay made in the Tamil film industry?
Why is the language used in movies hard to understand?
Which are the best sites to download new Hindi movies?
What guns does John Wick use throughout the film?
How do you feel about a Deadpool/moonknight team up Marvel movie?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
Which is the best website to watch online Telugu movies?
Do you also think Tom Hardy was a better actor than Leonardo Dicaprio in The Revenant?
How you see YouTubers who talk about events, games or themselves in front of camera and guys who do the same in form of good looking short films?
What are some must watch movies like those of Takovsky's?
Why is the Pakistani media mocking the Baahubali movie?
Is there any Tollywood movie which includes natural fighting scenes?
Why are Christians trying to ban books and movies like Harry Potter and His Dark Materials from the general public?
Doesn’t all of this introverted intuition and INFJ stuff resemble a movie about Stephen King's book, 1408?
Are there movies depicting real martial arts?
Will I most likely be successful if I major in film production?
In the movie "The Purge," why is murder the default offense?
Are film actors given too much intellectual space in India?
What was your reaction after the trailer for Guest in London?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are some trivia about one of your favourite movies?
Why can't India make more innovative films? Is SS Rajamouli the only innovator India has?
Guys, we all know that we can download newly released Hindi and English movies from torrent sites. But how can I get newly released Bengali films?
Who is the second attacker in the movie, Memento?
Why did Turner fall in love with the mermaid?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
Will there be a brand new Spider-Man in the upcoming Venom Movie or no Spider-Man at all since this new Spiderverse is not related to the MCU?
Which is the best horror movie in recent days?
What's the best way to improve the cinematography in my films?
Which is the best comedy movies in Punjabi?
Are the conditions of actresses in the Bollywood film industry accurate to as they are portrayed in the Spotlight web series & Heroine movie?
Is it better renting movies from Redbox than buying them?
Is the character of Bahubali in the movie inspired by Arvind Kejriwal?
How can I download the background music which was played in Baahubali 2: The Conclusion?
Which are the movies similar to Captain Philips and Non-Stop?
What are some of the Bollywood movies based on goal setting?
Which movie do you prefer, Captain America: Civil War or Marvel's The Avengers?
What do South Indians think when foreigners identify Baahubali as a Bollywood movie?
What can we expect from Baywatch (2017)?
Is the premise of the movie "God is NOT Dead" utterly ridiculous?
Which actors have done films free of cost in Bollywood?
Has Hollywood ever done a movie that was only made for 1 day?
Are the adverts/trailers shown in the beginning/interval of a movie included in the film reel?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
If James Bond was a girl what will her name be?
What are the evolutionary purposes of Ridley Scott's alien's bizarre anatomical structure and hostile behavior?
Is the HD print of Bahubali coming or not?
Is there a Hindi-dubbed movie of “Theri”?
How can I binge watch DC shows and movies? When did it really start?
Do I need to watch the previous Alien movies before I see Alien Covenant?
Which is the best Hindi movie dialogue you have ever heard of?
Which was the best Tamil film ever?
How do I find publicity films?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
What is the reverse engineering of movie industry?
What makes you like epic movies?
How and where should I start if I want to start working in the film industry as a writer and director?
What don't you like about Baahubali?
What song did Emad Etesami and Rana sing together in the Iranian movie The Salesman?
What is the most brilliant thing in a movie?
What can you do in a cinema that you can't do at home? You can watch a film on a big screen with a good surround system, so why even go to the cinema?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu films filled with overacting (dialogue), the objectification of women, and extreme heroism?
Was the Titanic movie a real life story?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What were some notable ripoff films that were released in the 1970's?
Who is the actress who played the role when Michael Corleone was in Italy? Why didn't she appear in any other movies?
In a movie/TV show, how does one strike a balance between having characters explain stuff for the viewer and not having them sound like idiots?
Who do you think can play Itachi Uchiha (Naruto) in a film?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
What bothers you the most about YouTube movie review shows?
What is so great about the Gadar movie?
What is the best date to date?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
Which Indian film industry does Raju Singh work in?
Do you think we'll ever get a Daria sequel?
What are some things that can be done now to help me get into the film industry?
For what purpose would one go to a movie streaming app, other than for watching a movie or a show?
Why don't celebrities’ kids go to acting school before acting in films?
How much of the 1500 crores from Baahubali 2 goes to the producers?
Why do people easily trust strangers in movies but not in real life?
After a long day at work, how can I motivate myself to write my own TV shows and movies instead of napping and watching TV all evening?
How long does it take to film an episode?
Which is the best horror- thriller movie ever in Hollywood?
Have you ever written a movie script or novel without any planning, just to see where it goes?
Would you please rank the 007 movies from best to worst, including Never Say Never Again?
What are the countries, do not make movies?
What are the best anime series and/or movies I should watch? Only recommend ones you have watched and liked. It should be less than 50 episodes.
Which parts of 2012 (movie) were correct?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
Have any villages been made famous by movies?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
Will there be live action sequels to 2010 film "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time"?
Is it true that the new movie Beauty and the Beast was banned in Russia?
Who first made pani puri in India?
Can we, will we be able to, upload our conscienceness to a computer like in the movie Transcendence?
What are the do's and don't's in creating a villain in a movie?
How are scenes in ads, movies, etc. shot where empty streets or areas are shown?
Since war movies are better than real war and crime movies are better than real crime, are porn movies better than real sex?
Has your visits to the IMDb website and app decreased since they got rid of the message boards?
What Asian dramas or movies with gay male characters do you recommend?
Find movie un?
Has an Indian actress dubbed the voice for Saba Qamar in the movie Hindi Medium?
How do I get roles as an actor for plays/movies (anything)?
What are the best Hollywood movies made on railways background?
Who would you cast as the Bride of Frankenstein in the 2019 remake?
Which movie is better: “Baahubali 2” or “Dangal”?
What is your reaction on the trailer of Hansal Mehta's 'Simran'?
How is the movie “Zombieland”?
How sucky are Baahubali movies?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
In the movies and television, why do gangsters, drug dealers and the like have minions that do their dirty work for them?
Why didn’t Bahubali kill Bijjaladeva in part 2?
Does it means that existential movies are realistic movies?
In the case of an emergency, like in the Martian movie, how much fuel and time is required to reach Mars via the shortest path?
As a foreign tourist in India, have you ever acted as an extra in a Bollywood movie? If yes, when and how?
What is the release date of Pirates of the Caribbean 5 in India?
What is a fast speed film?
If some deleted scenes are added back to Bahubali 2, will people go back to the theaters just to watch the added scenes?
Why is Diamonds are Forever not more highly regarded when it is clearly the second best Bond movie, after OHMSS?
How can I create an amazing script for a movie?
What are the top 10 movies on Netflix?
How dominating are male lead roles in films compared to female lead roles?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
What do you think about the new movie Jattu Engineer?
Why can’t Jackie Chan be declared as James Bond?
Why is it that most Disney films Frank Welker is in, he only does vocal effects?
Why are American girls so sexualized on the media?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
Why is it always dark when the police come in, whether it's into a house or warehouse, in movies? Why don't they turn on the lights?
Why are Bahubali movies so overrated?
How did Shivgami Devi of the Baahubali movie series fail to sense her husband and son's conspiracy to kill Amrendra Baahuballi?
In the movie Monster Trucks, how did the creatures not explode?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
Where is the Baby Jen puppet used in The Dark Crystal?
What is the difference between Bollywood movies and daily soaps now?
Who does promotion for Bollywood movies?
In an old classic movie, there were the prank of an office worker, a coffee slogan, and the worker’s friends tricking him into thinking that he won money. Which movie is that?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
If all the young Tollywood and Kollywood superstars were to fight each other, who would win, and which particular actor would have the highest kill count?
What are the best things to do on a 2 hour date apart from movie?
What is the most iconic movie house?
Which is best update website for movie news?
What will they do to the costumes used by the cast of a film?
What is the best anime series/movie ever? Is it Dragon Ball?
Is it possible that a movie could hypnotize people?
Can you tell me your MBTI type and your favorite movies?
Why is roaring used as a display of strength in movies?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Why are DC movies doing so bad in the box office?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
What is your experience with writable whiteboard film?
Does Legends material in Star Wars belong to Disney as well as Canon?
Are Indian movies really better than Chinese movies?
Are the 90s Disney movies the greatest? Why or why not?
What is that quote about cinema being about taking pictures of girlfriends?
Where can I find the correct site to download Armistice (2013 movie)?
What is the total collection of Baahubali 2?
What are the similarities between Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (2014 movie) and Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017 movie)?
Have there been instances where movies have tried to show the world a hidden truth subtly in its dialogues?
What is the best site to watch Movies for free without registration?
What was your reaction after watching Baahubali 2?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
Which website can one download the movie Bichumoo (Flying warriors) from? It's an old Korean movie
Did watching Tron give you a headache?
What is the best moment in your life till this date?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
Where can I download John Cena’s new 2017 movie?
What kind of performance in acting audition attracts the most to casting directors to get shortlisted?
What are your views on the movie “A Beautiful Mind”?
How did Baahubali 2 earn so much money all over the world, despite not being a mainstream Bollywood film and being a regional film?
Do you find the actor Baris Arduc attractive?
In the old Bonanza episodes, why is Hoss the only character with his own "theme" music?
What would they be like if the Baahubali series had been directed by Christopher Nolan?
How did they control the balloon in the 1956 movie, "The Red Balloon" directed by Albert Lamorisse?
What is the Westchester Incident in the movie Logan?
What Sci-fi movies should I watch? I don't watch movies but today I want to watch. What is the latest one?
Will the Harry Potter movies suffer more criticism over time for the lack of diversity in the cast?
Which similar plot movies were released within a span of 5-6 years and were both successful?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu movies filled with overacting (dialogues), objectifying women and extreme heroism?
How do I download Hindi movie bàhubali 2?
Who do you think is the winner between Bahubali and Dangal?
Does Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood" remind you of Dave Brubeck's style?
While watching a movie scene of a boy crying after the death of his lover, I started to think about what I would have done in that situation. Why?
How do I download movies in HD?
Where can I find books or movies about King James?
Where can I download "T2 trainspotting" movie in a good quality?
How can I see the movie Kirik Party online?
What happened at the end of the movie Abzurdah?
How should I download the Marathi movie, Anvat, from the internet?
Why do low-budget movies not get enough credit in Indian cinemas?
Can I really have skills like a special agent in the movies, let's say Jason Bourne?
Do foreigners watch Indian movies in theatres?
Which is the comedy Bollywood movie that contains this dialogue "kesi behki behki baate karr rahe ho"?
What movie had the biggest impact on you and why?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
How do TV and cinema compare as forms of entertainment?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
What do you think is the future of VFX in Indian cinema, with great films like Bahubali 2.0 and Bahubali? Can it compete with Hollywood in the coming times?
Is it really necessary to show sex scenes in movies? Can't they just show the actors in bedsheets, assuming they had it.
How is Dangal a Muslim movie and Baahubali a Hindu movie?
What is meant by a sequel?
Why are most filmmakers of TV and film documentaries about animals, science, religion, history, geography, etc., European, Australian, American, New Zealander, and Russian?
You are a movie director, you are shooting a robbery scene for your biggest movie project you've worked on so far, what would the scene look like?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What are the facts that took Baahubali beyond the expectations?
How well would you fare if you were the main protagonist in your favorite horror movie?
Apart from 'themoviespoilers.com', are there any other known websites that publish complete spoilers for newly released movies?
Do you think the Star Wars remake for Space Mountain was kind of a waste?
What are some suggestions for some fantasy-adventure movies, TV shows and PC games?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
Why are only a few scenes in IMAX films shot with IMAX cameras?
Was Darth Vader`s part in the original movies expanded "on the fly"?
What does a script for a porno movie look like?
Are scenes of the movie Original Sin real?
Why is the “Nayak” movie of Anil Kapoor always showing on Zee Cinema?
Why didn’t James McAvoy win an Oscar or even got nominated for his acting in the movie Split?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Why does Hollywood prefer making prequels to sequels?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
Do directors in Hollywood say 'Light, Camera, Action'?
Even just for watching Blu-ray or even DVD movies, does a dedicated graphic card still give a better video performance than the internal graphic chip?
How do I create dual audio movies in CyberLink or Wondershare?
How come Dangal made so much money in China, without any promotional events at least?
If a biopic on Rahul Dravid is ever made, who should play him?
Are the portrayals of military engagement with transformers in Michael Bay's movies accurate and realistic?
This summer is predicted to be an all time low for blockbuster box-office. Are Hollywood tentpoles just getting stale?
What movie character do you feel the most hate against?
How do I get a script in front of Angeline Jolie?
What anime movies would you suggest I watch?
What are your views on the movie Maroon (2016), and its ending?
Why is musical not a popular movie genre as it used to be?
How is the 300 movie?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
Are Bollywood movies famous in China?
How difficult would it be to shoot a small short film at an Ikea store (aspiring filmmaker, very small production, no bigger than a 5 people crew)?
In the movie American Pie Beta House, why are Stifler and his friends called 'Betas' inspite of the fact that they arent beta males?
Is New York as great as films and TV make it out to be? And where did all the hype come from?
When does “The Princess Bride” take place?
In what movie did Arnold Schwarzenegger say "So why am I still alive?"
What do Pakistanis think about movies like Veer-Zaara, Gadar, Border, etc.?
Can you give a crappy description of your favorite book or movie?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
What is your opinion about film director Priyadarshan?
Why was the movie No Smoking heavily panned by the critics?
What is the MBTI personality type of Amerandra Baahubali from the movie series Baahubali?
Why are so many television shows and movies produced in Georgia?
What does Stan Lee do with his money?
Which is the most direct movie on enlightenment?
Will Thanos kill Doctor Strange to get the Eye of Agamotto in Avengers:Infinity Wars?
If you had to choose just one movie for a new president, which one would it be, and why?
How do I get work as a Grip on a film or TV set?
How do actors behave if, after watching the opening of their film, they find that it is horrible? Do most actors see the whole film, or just some clips before the opening?
Where do actors stay in Cannes?
Where can I get Bollywood new movies?
Did Baahubali 2 beat the box office collections of Aamir Khan's Dangal?
Who are some of the best set designers in modern film industry?
Was it ever explicitly stated how the Star Wars prophecy was told?
Why are there so many porn films where Indians are with Africans?
What are your thoughts on Tom Hardy playing Venom?
Are there any horror movies that have a serious theme?
What are some of the best looks from Cannes Film Festival 2017?
Why do some actors choose to go uncredited in movies?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
What is the perfect title for a short film based on the awareness of youngsters?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
Where can I get Baahubali 2 on Blu-ray?
What are small details we might have missed in Malayalam movies, e.g. Maheshinte Prathikaaram?
In how many Indian movies has Shahid Afridi been mentioned? What movies are they?
How did you feel about Ghostbusters (2016)? Many people didn't like that the cast was all female.
Is the new movie 'Get Out' scary?
What is an example of a good documentary where the main scenes are of the narrator?
What are the top 20 must watch movies of all time?
How can I download the latest movies?
In the end of the movie 'The Prestige' which Borden survived?
Who is the best and most qualified director in Sonipat?
Where can I download Star Wars 8 right now (and what do you think about it)?
What is the path to becoming an actor in movies?
Why do horror movies or television shows have sexual themes?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
What are some good emotional movies like "Innocent voices"?
Why is the “Kirik Party” movie overrated?
Which is better; Blade Runner, Akira, or The Matrix?
Does watching movies with English subtitles help people learn English and develop listening skills?
Which Korean actor is the best in 2017?
How will a Star Wars TV series surrounding the events of KoTOR be received?
What are the reasons behind the huge success of Bahubali 2?
Is it a bad idea to watch Star Wars in episodic order? Would that make one like Star Wars less?
In movies as well as television, in-coming mortars sound like artillery fire. Is this true or are they Hollywood sound effects?
What's the 70s movie where a second rate rodeo cowboy is hitch hiking and meets a girl in a Cadillac convertible?
Did they use a real tiger in the Life of Pi movie?
In the movies, why is it that when you see a back-of-head shot, the actor's mannerisms and movements are often out of sync with his/her dialogue?
Is The Ghazi Attack a rip-off of the Hollywood movie called USS Seaviper (2012)?
How can I stop someone from watching pirated movies?
What was the collection till yesterday of Baahubali 2?
What's so Indian about the movie series Baahubali?
Was there a dearth of good horror movies in the 1990s?
What was the quote at the end of Fast and Furious 7?
How can I watch any Hollywood movie with subtitles for free?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
Will making short films help to enter into the film industry?
How do I download the Babu Baga Busy movie?
What is that one movie that you believe is the story of your life?
Why are films about Batman way more popular or successful than films about Spiderman?
Are American public schools as awful, rude, and ruthless as depicted in films (e.g., Mean Girls, 17 Again, etc.)?
Is there any chance that extended version DVDs of the Baahubali duology will be released in the near future?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
Whose anime movies do you enjoy watching more: Hayao Miyazaki's or Makoto Shinkai's?
What is the problem of some Egyptians with the best actor of their country, Adel Imam?
How can I download Guardians of the Galaxy movie in a Tamil-dubbed version?
Can I sell an idea about an animation movie to Pixar?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
What would a Batman movie look and feel like if it had an Avatar-like humungous budget?
What animation software was used in the Baahubali movie?
Is the 1991 remake of the movie “A Kiss Before Dying” better than the original one (1956)?
Are there any famous movie directors (any language) who were poor and had no movie background at all?
Is there more than one Darksaber in Star Wars?
Where can I watch the movie “Fair Tail: Dragon Cry”?
Can I kiss my girlfriend inside a movie theater?
What happens in the brain when someone no longer fears horror movies or roller-coasters?
Which are the most underrated horror movies you have ever seen? And which scared you the most?
Was Devasena raped by Bhallaldev?
Which other South movie is loved in the North other than the “Baahubali” series?
How do I start a website that streams new movies and sitcoms legally?
Where can I learn filmmaking and screenwriting online for free (with links, if possible)?
Which movie do you think you shouldn't have watched?
Can you think of films where one character is an idealist and the other is cynical/skeptical, and their roles are reversed halfway through?
Where was the movie Rebellious Flower shot?
Is there any way to register a movie script for free, without a Union card?
In the event of an apocalyptic breakdown of a government, would society truly devolve to chaos as we see predicted in movies & books?
Before YouTube was invented; could you watch movie trailers online?
What are some good movies about Hollywood actors besides Mulholland Drive?
What are your favourite 10/10 Bollywood movies?
What are some of the best suspense Bollywood movies that I can watch on YouTube or Hotstar?
How can I find the movie about football club?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Do movie film crews get boners when shooting a sexy scene?
What is the best African movie you've ever seen?
Which novel was the basis for the Karnan movie that was released in the Tamil language and acted in by Shivaji Ganeshan?
Do you think there's a chance for a sequel for Spider-Man: Homecoming?
What are some things that you love about avant-garde films?
Why do you think that Kaiser Haque is the best option for film reviews?
What films have the theme, "the same day recurs when the actor/actress awakes"?
Am I the only one who thinks Baahubali 2 is overrated and over hyped?
Which movies would fans of "The Mask" (1994) like?
Can I use a movie logo if I'm buying tickets for it?
Why didn't Weyland Utani send a bunch of Walters instead of a human crew?
Where could I download new Kannada movies without torrent?
What secrets has the River Thames not released yet?
What do you feel about the theory that James Bond is a code name used by multiple people?
Has anyone watched the movie 'The Story of O’? What do you think about it?
How did you guys watch mcu? In chronological order or in time it has been released?
What are the best websites to upload a subtitle file for a short film?
In movies and/or animated shows where time travel exists, it is said that you shouldn't alter the timeline. Why?
Baahubali is as much a Tamil film as it is a Telugu film. Why do people refer to Baahubali as a Telugu film?
Can an Indian movie in English be selected for the Oscars general category?
In BAHUBALI 2 why the director does not show the heroes training for fight? Is he forgot about it or what?
How do I download the Marathi movie Anvat?
What is the best dialogue/speech in recent films?
What movie features an actor/actress who plays the most number of different characters in that movie?
The Martian has a good story line, but does the movie skip over explanations just for entertainment?
Why are the X-Men movies so poor compared to the Marvel movies?
Do actors ever actually ask directors 'What's my motivation?'?
What are some movies that have "too much action" to you?
Who is the best actor for Dhoom 4?
Could Forrest Gump have been court-martialed for not leaving Lieutenant Dan behind as Lieutenant Dan ordered him to do?
In what order should I watch Haikyuu?
What is your favorite book/movie/TV show?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
In which film does Michael Clarke Duncan act as a gangleader and participate in a game of killing other gang leaders?
How late into post-production was the title "Revenge of the Jedi" still being used for Star Wars VI?
What is the dish that Aamir Khan and Preity Zinta have in a scene in Singapore in the movie Dil Chahta Hai?
Which quality should I prefer while downloading movies or any videos from the internet?
Is the story of Shin Chan true?
What is your favorite part of the movie Up?
How many film industries are there around the world except for Hollywood and Bollywood? Can you rank them based on popularity and revenue earned?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Could the Men in Black (1997 movie) defeat the Chitari invasion from the Avengers (2012)?
What are the lessons learned from Baahubali 2?
When are new movies added to Hotstar?
On what basis are the prices of movie tickets fixed?
If Warner Brothers bought the movie rights to Spider-Man from Sony, could they use him in a movie with Batman and other DC characters?
Are WWE matches real or fake? I have heard from many guys that it is scripted and shot like a film shoot.
If the original trilogy films were like samurai films, then what are the prequels and new trilogy films?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
I am a college student in Delhi and have my story and script ready for my first short film. How do I fund the production of my film (weak financials)?
Would Deathstroke have been a better villain than Bane in the Batman movie The Dark Knight Rises?
What scene in a movie has the most gunfire blasting?
What are some of the must watch English, Hindi, and Bengali movies that people don't know about?
What is the title of the Woody Allen movie in which a Jewish character listens to Hitler speeches?
Is there anyone who hates watching movies? If yes, why?
How do they make cartoon films?
Are there any scenes in the new Fifty Shades of Grey movie in which the main characters eat together?
What makes Daniel Craig appalling as James Bond?
Can we play Blu-Ray movies or 1080p movies on a Lenovo Yoga Tab 3?
Why does the media not give as much attention to the Bahubali stars as compared to the attention received by the Bollywood actors and actresses?
How do Star Wars gravity generators work?
Why is violence in movies/videogames so amusing?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Who voiced Devsena in the Hindi version of Baahubali?
How can I download bahubali 2 full movie in HD?
What are your reasons for not liking Hollywood?
Will anybody talk of the duration 00:58:57 to 01:01:03 of Baahubali: The Beginning movie?
Why does Hollywood talk about Mexico in American movies a lot?
At what age should my child first watch the Star Wars movies?
Which movie did you enjoy watching the most in a theater?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever watched?
Which Hollywood actresses sleep with directors and producers?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
One of my friend used torrent to download a movie. Is he in trouble?
What happens at the end of the movie The Words?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for Hindi movies?
Does becoming an adult film actor/porn star can interfere with my professional movie/film acting?
While shooting sex scenes in Asian movies, do the actresses actually get naked?
When will they make the sequel to Bladerunner, or “Bladerunner 2”?
What did you learn from the Steve Jobs movie?
Which are the best seats in Director’s Cut?
Were the midichlorians ever mentioned again in either the prequel trilogy or in the pre Disney expanded universe after “The Phantom Menace”?
What are some Disney cartoon movies which we will love to see?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
Do actors cover up their private parts while playing in sex scenes or do they just flash it to each other like it's normal?
Which monument in Lucknow is Akshay sitting at with a broken arm in the movie Jolly LLB 2?
Where can I find Steins;Gate with English subtitles?
What are some TV shows/movies with gay girls (preferably younger and not sexualized)?
How can I download the Marathi super-hit movie, Sairat, dubbed in Hindi?
I've edited two short films and now I need to make a portfolio, how should I go about it?
Which actress/actor you like in India most and why?
Why is south Indian movie industry so obsessed with showing navels?
Is film literature?
Why didn’t Toneri Ōtsutsuki help Momoshiki and Kinshiki in the movie Boruto?
Is it legal to film in a cemetery?
Which was Vinod Khanna's last movie in 1982?
What does Jake Williams think about the movie Fantastic Mr. Fox?
Why does Tara beg/plead to be with Ved in the movie Tamasha?
Is it still possible to buy a movie ticket at the counter of the Cathay Cinema nowadays?
Which of your senses are used when you are watching a movie?
Which director is the most suitable person to direct Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's biopic?
Please suggest the name of a TV program which is based on a film review?
Who has more screen credits than James Cromwell?
What song, movie or TV series are you ashamed to admit that you like?
Are there any sites where you can download Tamil, Hindi and Kannada movies in Blu-ray?
How I can download the Baahubali 2 full movie?
Has anybody ever killed themselves after starring in a horror film?
Can we meet Hollywood or Bollywood stars at the Cannes Film Festival?
Can I request a cinema hall to show a movie which I want?
Which is the best horror movie in Hollywood till today?
What will you name a 26 movies series using all the 26 letters of the alphabet in the start?
Are there any movies/media with making of/behind the scenes of porn movies?
How I can get discounted movie tickets?
Who is the most popular dark-skinned actor/actress from southern regional cinema who has broken into mainstream Bollywood (Hindi) cinema?
Why don't they shoot movies and television shows at Disney's Hollywood Studios (Disney MGM Studios) and Universal Studios in Florida anymore?
How can I get the download link of the song "Raunakein Tham Tham Ke" by Kavita Seth from the movie "Trishna"? (2011)?
What is the least believable thing about the Matrix?
Is Oldboy the best Korean movie ever made?
Where can I download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
What is the difference between cameras for still photography and movie making/film?
I have to do a drama class projects. What is a good genre for a silent film?
If the trailers for upcoming movies look really good, why don't they just release the movie?
When rewatching a film with a plot twist, should the film be viewed as if one were watching it for the first time or with the viewer's new knowledge?
How are fight scenes shot so that they appear to be happening faster than possible?
What are the motives of the Android David in the Alien franchise?
How do I make YouTube to automatically generate english subtitles for english movies ?
Where can I download dhruva Telugu movie in HD?
What is your review of Half Girlfriend (2017 movie)?
How do I become a person who selects which movies to be played at the Cannes Film Festival?
Which movie is better, Aayirathil Oruvan or Baahubali?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
Which is the best psychological Indian movie?
What is your favorite movie caption?
Why do people insist on calling flight attendants "stewardesses", even on TV and in movies?
Which scenes in Baahubali 2 made you get goose bumps?
If the MCU Avengers watched Kimi no Na Wa in the cinema, what will they say and think?
If you could replace an actor in any movie, which movie would it be and who would you play?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
How do I write a film treatment for sequels?
Have any professional movie crews ever shot pictures of actual UFOs while filming their production?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
In the movie Frank, he wears a giant mask because of a condition. What condition is it?
Who played a double role in Sholay?
If Bahubali is so great, what about films like Mayabazaar?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
Have are the new theories of management in the last five years?
Is there a way to broadcast video that you are watching on VLC to another person’s computer who is also running VLC so 2 ppl. can watch movies while synced?
What is the one horror movie that had you afraid to go to bed that night?
How can Jharkhand have 100% entertainment tax on movies?
Where can I download Kabali (HD) with English subtitles?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
What are your thoughts on The Emoji Movie?
What would have happened if Bahubali 2 and Tubelight released on the same date?
Who named the Indian film industry 'Bollywood'?
Do you think any Hollywood movies will be made about the Donald Trump Presidency?
Why are subtitles not downloaded while downloading movies from Hotstar?
Can you spot the similarities between “Baahubali” movie series and “Kaaviya Thalaivan (Tamil)” movie?
What are the best spiritual movies in Hollywood?
Do you think hachi is the loveliest movie ever made?
Can anyone give me the English subtitles of the movie Ponyo?
How do sound effects affect the comedic value of a film or show?
What is a film critic's/movie buff's reaction to the words "Tyler Perry movie”?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
I heard somewhere that most award shows (Emmys, Oscars, etc.) are corrupt? Is this true?
What are movies like Dorfman in Love?
Am I the only one who feels that some of the scenes in Bahubali 2 are incomplete and imperfect in their execution compared to its prequel?
Why are there very few new Malayalam movies (released between 2012-2016) available on YouTube?
Is it possible for a JIPMER student to work in the film industry during a vacation?
In Baahubali 1, Baahubali refuses animal sacrifice, but the makers of the movie sacrificed a goat before releasing the film. Why the hypocrisy?
Does Charlie and the Chocolate Factory have a 2005 movie based book?
In what ways does the 2003 Peter Pan movie differ from J.M. Barrie's book?
Now that Baahubali is released, is this the new bench mark for south Asian movie making?
What is the best way to become a film composer?
Why was Edward Scissorhands treated differently?
Which actor do you think would be best suited for a role as Donad Trump?
Is it the time now that Bollywood and other film industries start making movies on Hindu mythology stories and heroes?
What are some of the biggest box office hits as a percentage of their budget?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
Where can I find short film groups to associate with in Hyderabad?
Which university does the movie rings take place in?
What is the original Sanskrit meaning of the Maahismati Anthem from Baahubali in English?
How can I add subtitles to movies on an iPhone?
What are the best Russian movies about the Cold War?
Why does Amir Khan not host any award show? And why does he not go on any TV shows to promote his movies?
Which Bollywood actresses have had sex in their movies with another actress?
What is the most influential movie/film in all of history?
Who stars in the movie Hester Street?
If you could have a memento from any movie or TV show, what would you choose? It must be a real prop used in the production, not anything fictitious.
Who is really earning money from Bahubali 2?
Which movies are the most thrilling movies in the 20th century?
Is it possible that someone can faint at one shot on his head by a vase or a rod as it happens in movies that the hero hits someone on his head and he is knocked out?
How many people are working in the porn industry as actors? Say, how many starred in a film in the last 6 months?
Most of us know Roger Moore was really the best Bond, but which film was his best in the series?
Why is it a sequel to any film in India mostly a flop?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
Is The Shining (1980) the greatest horror movie ever made?
What happened to the Missing 411 film?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What is a good documentary to watch to learn more about Edward Snowden?
Have you seen the film, ‘Sister my Sister, and what did you think of it?
What was the movie that had a really positive impact on your life?
Do Hollywood movies’ worldwide grosses include China?
Which horror novel till date has the best plot?
What are some of the most inspiring Bollywood movies that may have had an impact on viewers' lives?
Does the complete Star Wars (the new one) include the full history of the old canon?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
What are good movies and TV series on Canadian Netflix?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with Hindi audio?
How do I download Bollywood movies with mobile data?
What are some good movies for an ENTP?
How can you decorate a room for a scene in a gangster movie?
Is Digital Academy, the film school, good for Cinematography and does it have a good placement?
What are some movies with genuine kung fu?
Did you hire any set designer for your short film?
How can I add background sounds to a small part of a large video? The intensity of that music should increase, like in a horror movie.
How can I get the movie Baahubali 2?
What is the most terrifying movie you have ever seen?
Where did I get Scooby do in Telugu?
Where can I watch Magnificent Century in English?
Is Tamil cinema overrated?
How can I watch the movie "For the love of Ruth"?
Who do I contact about a review of a film and book?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
What is the title of the music played during the entry of Devasena in “Baahubali 2”?
What is the least believable thing about Jason Bourne?
What's the name of the movie where Gene Hackman, after much police pressure, falsely confesses to having molested a child?
While filming babies in movies, how can they make the babies do the things the director wants?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
What is the name of an animated movie about human history with Mr White?
How did sound film impact the 1920s?
How can I find an inexpensive screenwriter for my micro budget film?
Was there any rift between Nazriya Nazim and some members of the Tamil film fraternity?
What is the reason behind the success of Indian films? Is it good quality or intense marketing and PR? Is the entertainment industry really growing?
If actors play a double role, will they get paid twice the amount, just asking?
The movie Inferno is real life. Instead of saving them from the plague, it is released into the world. Does this actually create a better world?
What was the clever clue the villains planted in an attempt to lure Batman into a trap, thus rescuing Bruce?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
What is a genuine website for Tollywood collections of movies?
Why did everyone hate the film "The Last Airbender" so much?
Did Russians enjoy the movie Red Dawn?
Where is that tree location pictured in the "Sanam Teri Kasam" movie?
Is the footage from war documentaries from the actual situation, or do they mix everything up to fit the story?
Will both Hayao Miyazaki and Makoto Shinkai make a new anime film together in 2020?
What books or series of films have relationships that are similar to Cassie and Sid’s relationship in ‘Skins’?
Is there a movie I can watch?
Is it true Hollywood is working on a remake of "Red Dawn" as “Red Trump,” and Charlie Sheen will return as Patrick Eckert?
Why are so many films these days directed by two people?
Did the movie Robin Hood have an economic theme, and if so, is it worth following worldwide?
What are some movies about writing jobs?
Why was the accident shown twice in the Vellipomaakey song?
Is Willow: A Short Story by Alice Rachel based on a true story?
What is the beneficial thing of having film actors (not theatre) in a country?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
Why do we Indians consider Hollywood fantasy/action masala flicks to be acceptable but ridicule similar elements in Indian movies?
What are the best 2D animated comedy films?
What is the best movie scene you have ever seen?
Where can I download the Shehanai audio that is played at the end of the Jaykara/Dandalaya song in the Baahubali 2 movie?
Are stunt cars that were used in movies street legal?
Where can I download the movie Dhoom 2?
If you were asked to play a part in Bee Movie 2, would you accept?
Will Hollywood make a parody movie of Bollywood?
If cartoons are remade into live action movies, why are there no live action movies remade into cartoons?
Which is the best website to download Hollywood movies in HD?
What are some of the best apps for download newly released Hollywood movies?
What do I do to learn film directing? How do I get started?
Is it fair that movie stars make more money than Nobel Prize winning scientists?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
It is weird to go to a cinema alone late at night?
Would Luke still be as valuable to Darth Vader and the Emperor if his last name weren't Skywalker?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
Which is your favourite movie from Hollywood?
What do I learn in Lagaan, the Indian movie?
Is the ending of the movie "Get Out" modified in the DVD/Blu-Ray/Digital Copy?
What's your view on the Ulidavaru Kandanthe movie?
Where can I watch the Naruto movies dubbed in English?
What are the impacts on US citizens after watching movies like Snowden, Concussion, etc.?
Which is the best Hollywood action movie since 2014?
What if they remade all your favorite movies with monkeys?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
What is the difference between the film critics and the film audience?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
Which movie is better, Sarkar, or Sarkar Raj or Sarkar 3?
How is medieval sword fighting different than on medieval movies?
Who are some of the on-screen mothers of Bollywood?
Which will be better, 3GB Web-DL version or 3GB BRRip, if both are encoded by the same guy?
Where do I find good short films?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
What movies do you think are a must watch?
How many coins are in John Wick’s suitcase?
How many times can you watch a horror movie until the horror wears off?
Did XXX3, Deepika's Hollywood debut, do well?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
Was demonetisation a hit or flop?
Are actor Jeffrey Tambor and Marvel Studio's Head Kevin Feige connected to each other? They look like twins!
Do south Indian movies have better stories and comedic timing than north Indian movies?
What do you think about the video "boyfriend" from the movie "Raabta"?
What are some movies, books, plays, etc. about the struggles of Muslim women?
Why do Bollywood movies have the same names?
What are Christopher Nolan's strengths and weaknesses in his career?
Who is the most famous British film producer of all time?
Is Baahubali 2 a good film?
The movie “Hindi Medium” has given a strong message, but is it practical in the real world?
Why is Loki's character so complex?
What is your review on Lahoriye?
How do the film stars behave at their home?
Alien: Covenant (2017 movie), what do you think happened between David and Elizabeth Shaw?
If cricketers were cast in Bollywood movies, who would star in what?
How can I watch movies on my TV from my phone?
Does the Force only exist within the Star Wars Galaxy?
Did Johnny Fontane have a bigger role in the novel than in the movie?
How would you fix the Star Wars prequels?
Did Marvel fans like the Dark Knight series?
What are the sites where I can watch Tamil movies on payment?
Who won the best film award in 2016?
What is the surname of Baahubali in the movie?
Why is Gotham's each episode directed by a separate director?
Why was Pete Postlethwaite regarded as a great actor?
What is the upcoming movie of Hrithik Roshan?
Where can I watch Kaatru Veliyidai with subtitles?
Why did Mahendra Bahubali take an oath in the name of Rajmata Shivgami Devi during the coronation, while his mother is Devasena? Is it a Hindi dubbing mistake?
Where can I find Gujarati movies and drama?
How do they make films in Bollywood?
Where can I download Bichumoo (Flying warriors). It's an old Korean movie?
If ExtraTorrent gets shut down permanently, what would be an alternative source to download Hindi-dubbed Hollywood movies?
What if Salman Khan starred in and as Bahubali?
If Prabhas is cast in a lead role in Mahabharata (a.k.a. Randam Ooozham), which role would best suit him? Why?
Which is the most racial product ever made?
Will any Bollywood movie break the box office collection of Baahubali 2?
Which are some movie characters where a petite old woman is actually very tough?
Does Hollywood have a president?
How can I download a movie of small size (400-500 MB) from mobile?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
What assets does film hero Shobanbabu have?
If the trailer in the description was real, would you watch the movie?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
Is it normal for a child to watch a movie over and over again without getting bored?
Why do Hindi movies dominate if the theater count in South India is much larger?
Why is everyone in the movies such a horrible shot?
Wouldn't Stephen Amell make a good Green Arrow on the big screen?
Which is the best Bollywood movie up to 2017?
What's your review on the movie Meera (1979)?
How irresponsible are Fun Cinemas people?
How much does it cost to make a movie theater?
Who thinks Aliens (1986) is a bad movie, or at least overrated?
What was the quality of Malayalam movies released between 2000-2010? Were they really better than other South Indian language movies as they are now?
Which part of the “Baahubali” story would you change and why?
What are China made films that depicts 2nd Sino-Japanese?
What is the status the Gambit movie from Fox?
Are all of the people in the movie Suicide Squad DC?
What are some horror movies with cosmic sex scenes?
Why isn’t Bollywood praising Rajamouli’s Baahubali 2 success?
Who is your personal choice of an actor who should replace Daniel Craig's role in the next James Bond films?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
Why don't people like Christopher Nolan and Stanley Kubrick ever win Oscars? Even though they create masterpieces?
If they were to do a original middle earth movie what would you want to see in it?
Why is the book always better than the movie?
What or how many movies was John Wayne was named Duke?
In The Dark Knight, how does Batman have such great plot armor, but then his back is suddenly broken by Bane in The Dark Knight Rises?
Have you ever been into a film like scenario?
How did Xenomorphs originate?
What is the role of Coke in the preparation of silicon?
Which is the best film star in india?
What is one of the biggest flops in history?
Which is a must watch, adult, Hollywood movie?
The new 3D effects in movies have been added to movies not originally filmed in 3D. Can the new 3D be added to old 3D movies from the ‘50s and ‘60s?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
How can I distribute my independent film?
What is the starting budget for a community movie theater in Toronto and Berlin?
Why do Malayalees like Tamil movies?
Why is the whole Bollywood silent with the success of Bahubali 2?
Where was the movie Bahubali made?
How do I watch the movie, Partner, online?
How do script writers quantify if a script is 'beyond the budget constraints' of a given movie?
Does a movie being good or bad affect the nomination of its individual parts for an Oscar?
What's the best successful ads in the movies?
Is a degree needed for becoming a filmmaker?
Which is better, movies or TV shows?
What specific parts of Braveheart are accurate?
Why was 'UP' written on the envelope of Judge Surillo in Batman The Dark Knight movie?
When will we ever see a canon novelization of the prequel trilogy of Star Wars?
In the Japanese version of the kids movie "Sing", do the red pandas sing in English?
In Logan, why did Laura's guardian try to find Logan?
Who is the best actor in Tamil cinema, ajith or Vijay?
Why do I get uncomfortable with romantic and/or sexual scenes on TV, books or real life?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
What punch dialogue is very much famous in North Indian movies?
How does Tarantino feel about Christopher Nolan?
What will the all-time box office rank for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 be on May 23, 2017?
What scenes in the 2016 Disney film Zootopia does Rich Moore direct?
What are some recent Tamil Fantasy movies which were the most underrated?
What is the movie 'Fantastic Beasts' about, and how is it related to Harry Potter?
What is bad acting?
How do they make actors/actresses look so good?
Who are the top 10 Hollywood actors of all time?
How did David defeat Walter in Alien: Covenant? Wasn't Walter an updated version?
Are there any horror films from the 1960s that would be considered scary by today's standards?
Can you tell me where can I download Nana Patekar’s movie 'Prahaar'?
What is the musical instrument used at 48:40 in the movie "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi (2013)"?
Which are the sitcoms which you should watch before you die?
Where can I get “The Reader” dubbed in Hindi?
What are some of the 'must watch' Mammootty movies (released after 2000)?
Why did Netflix remove ratings?
What was the first Disney film to feature closing credits?
Where can I watch, “Happy New Year” with English subtitles?
Who is the creepiest clown in TV, books, and/or movies?
What's your favorite innuendo?
Which mutants or metahumans from any fictional universe that haven’t been on screen/had little screen time would you like to see portrayed more & why?
Is it true there will be another movie like the Suicide Squad?
If you could change anything about Star Wars: The Force Awakens, what would you change and why?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
Which movies are considered bold in your country?
Why is there a sense of urgency in movies where they can travel through time?
Did you enjoy Moana?
Is it plausible for aliens to be as powerfull physically as in movies/animes?
How did The Secret movie/book change your life? Any real life experiences?
Can Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara be termed a psychological film?
Which cinema hall has a box in Kolkata?
What is the meaning of the dialogue 'No means no' from the movie Pink?
Do you have own movie theater in your home for your family only?
Is f-movies site down?
Do actors go into acting because of fame/attention?
Is there any app to download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
Which movie would you recommend to watch for improving English speaking?
What is the ideology or rules for the Central Board of Film Certification?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
Why didn’t the police search for Andy Dufresne after he escaped from Shawshank?
Does diplomacy always win in real life?
Whch is the movie that made you cry?
Where can I find somebody to reenact the scene from the Wolf of Wall Street where Naomi talks about not wearing underwear?
If a stalker that was harassing an actor/actress and got a restraining order, would he or she be allowed to watch the films that the victim was in?
How do Pakistanis feel about the Bahubali 2 movie? Do they like it?
When dubbing was introduced to India, what was the first thing to get dubbed?
Are there any movies that explore what life would’ve been like for family and friends if the protagonist never existed?
Name some films which would have been much better with a different director and explain why?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
Can we watch the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales with the whole family?
How was the movie 'Half Girlfriend'?
Which are the must watch Latin American movies?
Which is the best website for downloading Hollywood and Bollywood movies in HD?
How do I watch Blu-ray movies via a 2017 Nvidia Shield TV?
What dictated the seemingly inflated talent fees of Hollywood actors? Why does an average movie cost millions of dollars to make?
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What are the best incest movies, like the Taboo series?
What is the best James Bond movie to which to introduce kids to the films?
What happened with the INS Vikrant (R11)?
Is Sooryavansham the most telecasted movie of all time?
Where can I watch free Hindi TV series and movies ​online (Web Plus app)?
What would be some great ideas for a Zootopia sequel?
What are some good movies in which the good guy doesn't win?
Why did the Chinese love the “Dangal” movie?
Is it possible for Pixar to ever make a live-action movie?
Why are films such an effective way of conveying significant themes and ideas?
Where can I download the Bollywood movie “Khamosh” (1985)?
I am very interested in bringing back the "movie palace" cinema, how should I go about that?
I noticed that two movies have female protagonists coming to theaters this year. What is your opinion or take?
How would King Kong treat regular gorillas?
What are some really brilliant ambient or electronic film scores?
How difficult are the fight scenes in the films of Matt Damon, Tom Cruise, Keanu Reeves, etc.? Is there any real MA there?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
How can I find a movie statistics like no of tickets sold, no of shows in a particular theatre? Do we have any website?
What book has complete information on film making?
What are sites for watching French movies in HD or open torrent sites?
How do we dub any language into Hindi?
Why was there never a 'Bug's Life 2'?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
Why do so many horror movies involve stupid teens / early 20’s?
What's the greatest found footage film of all time?
Is there any app where we can watch an Italian movie but add English subtitles to understand it?
If a movie is to be made about true events, who gives the permission to do so?
What is story of the movie 2057 which Bollywood directors are directing along the lines of Bahubali?
If both Mitsuha and Taki from Your Name were to watch the MCU Avengers movie, what will they say and think about it?
What are the best lines from movies?
What is that the sci-fi movie where humans are killing aliens in another planet and where they kidnap their queen?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
Can hydrogen be burned manually? Is everything that NASA sends to space fire retardant? I’m asking this for a project on a scene from the movie, "The Martian".
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
Who would you thank if you won the Oscars?
In the movie The Brothers Grimsby we see the brother sucking the ball of his brother, was it real?
Why is it that even the non-dialogue scenes in “Baahubali 1” are different in the Tamil and Telugu versions?
What is your box office predictions for big Indian movies releasing this year?
Should we watch Pirates of the Caribbean with family?
Should I watch movies in the theater or on a network?
What movie reminds you of your life?
Is Sonarika Bhadoria a good actress? Can she act in the films in Bollywood?
What will happen if we went to watch a movie and bought the tickets of some other movie?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
How true are the events portrayed in the movie, "Snowden"?
What will you do if you are president for one day as shown in some Telugu movie?
Why is Baahubali 2 breaking all records? What is so special about this movie?
Can you name some movies that are like The Sandlot?
What is the duration of copyright for any movie or TV series?
What are the six important signs and symbols that the novel “Silence of Lambs” by Thomas Harris relies on to create an impression of horror?
In the 2012 Hindi movie Chakravyuh, what happens in the climax?
How much reality is there in the movie Interstellar?
With most of the websites blocked nowadays, can anyone suggest a website where I could download Indian Bollywood, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, etc. movies?
What are the movies that worth our valuable time?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
Is Joss Whedon directing Justice League? What's up with the recent reshoots with the movie?
Which of the Harry Potter movies are the most and least satisfying adaptations?
What do you think about Sony's coming up movie Venom?
How can I see an English version movie converted into Hindi audio?
What are your favourite movie and why? Is there any hidden meanings?
Which elements are necessary for film?
Who should act as Krishna in the upcoming Mahabharata movie(s) project?
Is the story of the Insidious movie brilliant?
What do Sri Lankans think about the film Bahubali?
How do people collect movies in the USA without buying them?
Did Blade Runner's "tears in rain" monologue have a philosophical message behind it?
How do I make a complaint on single screen theater?
How is the industry for digital film making?
Who creates the fantastic UI views on screen in movies or on TV series?
What percentage of spy work is sort of like the movies? When spy work becomes sort of like the movies, how movie-like does it get?
How can I watch Jadoo High?
Can you tell me a movie that everybody likes but you don't? And why?
What is the answer to why Kattappa killed Bahubali? Who is Ballaladeva’s (Rana) wife?
Why do the Chinese like Dangal, the movie?
What are your favorite low-budget movies not made by Hollywood?
Why do you think "Baahubali" got the hype it acquired?
What are the greatest performances of Setsuko Hara?
Which are the must-watch Hollywood movies from 1990-2017?
Why isn't "Hollywood Reporter" praising Aishwarya Rai's Cannes Film Festival outfit the way "TOI" is doing?
What is the best streaming device to buy to watch live TV shows/news, movies on demand, movies in the theater, sports, etc?
What are the 10 best French-language, made-in-France films from between 2000 and 2015?
Which actress should have played Ginny?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
Do you think Marvel's Sentry will be the next big R-rated superhero movie?
What are your best money/weapon/drugs movies?
What are the historical references for the movies Baahubali 1 and 2?
What are your favourite 10/10 Tollywood movies?
How much does it cost to produce an indoor-quality ad film of 3 minutes?
In Bahubali, who is Bhadra's mother?
What are some inspirational Bollywood movies to watch?
Is movie.vidmate.mobi safe to download and use? Are there any reviews of its general use?
How can we identify the pattern of events in real life?
In Baahubali 2, did Prabhas’ acting show signs of self-importance?
How do I get a role in Bollywood movies?
Are Tamil movies released in Hyderabad in Tamil?
How do movies and TV series get the best ratings on IMDB and popularity among people, even when they contain nude and sex scenes?
Is it better to watch TV series or movies?
Why does Bollywood not make well written/researched commercial movies like 'Sarfarosh' anymore?
Why are people who like to listen to movie scores/soundtracks considered nerds?
How were old movies colourised?
How do you come up with the characters and plots for your novellas?
Why is Salman Khan still a bachelor?
How should I proceed to get a job in film (even a PA) when arriving in Toronto from Europe?
Do you think that Marathi characters in Bollywood movies are often shown as rural, while almost half of the population of Marathi people live in an urban area?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
How do I get movies legally to do critical videos like Nerdwriter or Every Frame a Painting?
What are some reviews for Guardians Of the Galaxy 2? What would be a comparison with other MCU movies?
What does Jack Fraser think about the new Star Trek trailer?
Why are dubbed versions of regional cinema released in Hindi with ridiculous titles?
Where can I get the Ash vs Evil Dead movie?
In which language is the movie Dangal released in China?
Where can I watch “Detective Conan Movie 21″?
If you got the role of Road Warrior Hawk from Legion of Doom for a movie, what workout, diet, and drugs would you do to get prepared for the role?
What are some good, scarily interesting movies?
What formats do actors commonly get dossiers of their characters' in?
Is it better to be a movie star or a TV star?
Why do we love the movie "The Breakfast Club" so much?
Who is the dead man and what is his folly in Agatha Christie's Dead Man's Folly?
If Baahubali is a fictitious character, why are people loving him?
Is it worthwhile watching Baahubali 2 in 4K, as it may require a minimum viewing distance in a cinema hall?
What is the one film/franchise that is better than the book?
Which movie is better, Good Will Hunting or The Blues Brothers?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do real ghosts and demons look like their movie counterparts?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
Where can I watch/download Hindi dubbed English movies online? (paid/free)
What do you think about the documentary Religulous?
Does Alien: Covenant help connect Prometheus to rest of the Alien films?
What is the meaning of the Tamil dialogue "aamanda pe payale.. Richie" from the Nivin Pauly movie “Richie”?
Is there an app to watch free Harry Potter movies?
What's the difference between best screenplay and best picture?
Do movies increase our knowledge?
What's your favourite movie based on a novel?
What is a way to find work in the film industry?
Have you seen anyone get jilted at the altar in real life like they show on TV? Do you know what happened?
How much does noticeable lens dirt in a shot matter to a film festival programmer?
What is the track that’s played in the biggest, loudest, craziest party scene from the 2016 Trolls movie?
How many Guardian of the Galaxy movies do you think there will be, and why?
Will Lavalantula turn into a film series like Sharknado?
Why do producers and directors make a movie even though they know it’s going to be a massive flop?
What is the actor Wilson Bethel doing now?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
Will Baahubali 2 pave the way for erasing the Bollywood-Tollywood differences and for the emergence of a common Indiwood platform??
When will Avatar 2 be released?
Do Bollywood movies show nudity?
From which app on iPhone is it easy to watch Hollywood movies?
How do people in USA collect movies without torrent?
If you could turn any arc of The Clone Wars into a full-lengthed live-action, big-budget movie, which would you choose and why?
Which actor has the craziest female fan following?
Who is the sexiest actor of Hollywood?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
Why are male choirs used in sinister scenes in movies?
What shows should one watch to get modernized/westernized?
Is Disney recreating all of their movies but this time they are in real life?
Is Cast Away a great movie?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
Who have watched the movie The Shack and what do you think about it?
I have a moral dilemma, I want to watch the new Doctor Who but my family wants to watch it with me. What should I do?
Which Batmobile would win, Batmobile from Batman v Superman vs Batmobile from Justice League?
Is there any male leading actor in a 21st century blockbuster Hollywood non-action movie who is 100% East Asian-looking?
Where can I get the Sarrainodu movie (2016) in Hindi?
Why does Anushka Shetty look so different in Baahubali 2 than she looks in the movie promotions?
Which is the most genuine website for movie reviews or ratings?
What’s a movie that absolutely petrified you?
What would your reaction be if Forrest Gump got transferred into your squad?
Has the image of SS Rajamouli improved considerably after the success of Baahubali 2?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
What were stoners’ best ever highdeas?
Is Tiger Shroff capable of playing an intense character like Rambo?
Why is Chetan Bhagat criticised when movies based on his novels like 3 Idiots and 2 States were good movies?
Is this the proper way to film a gunshot explosion in a film?
How many 1996 Airstream Classic 36s were made?
How much has Baahubali 2 earned?
What are the best action Hollywood movies?
Do you have to be a Christian to be in a Christian movie?
What was the role of Karan Johar in Baahubali’s production?
What do people from India think of Leonardo DiCaprio?
Is Blade Runner 2049 (2017) going to be any good?
What are notable depictions of sibling negotiations in film or literature?
Why was Bijjala Dev in the Baahubali 2 movie not punished?
Are we more inclined to root for the bad guy if he/she is also the main character?
How do movies make close up throat cutting scenes look so real?
Why are Fast and Furious movies still being made, and why are they grossing so much?
What is the date of Allu Arjun’s new movie audio?
Should I watch the Khule-Aam sexy Yaara movie?
How can I open a movie theater/cinema in Pakistan, and how much would it cost?
What Hindi film actor/actress has done the most films?
Do any of you guys think all of the Harry Potter movies are connected somehow?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
What are some of the Kollywood actors who turned into politician?
What is the most underrated thing about Bollywood?
Is there any platform where I can get in touch with trained short film directors in Hyderabad for my channel?
If someone asked you to watch only one movie every day, which movie would you choose?
How do professional filmmakers feel about YouTube movie reviewers with large followings?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Supposing Hollywood decides to make a Mahabharat movie, which character between Arjuna and Karna do you think would be more popular?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
Would acting in movies be a good job?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
How is Bane stronger than Batman in the movie, The Dark Knight Rises? There is no mention of Venom that he is taking through the mask.
How long it will take for Disney to own all the Marvel superhero film rights from Fox, Lionsgate, Sony and Universal Pictures?
Will “Baahubali 2” cross 2000 crore, since it is yet to be released in China and it has already reached 1500 crore by the 17th day?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
Who could get me a list of inspiring movies?
How does a film director narrate/explain a romantic scene to both actor and actress?
In your opinion, what is the best score written for a movie?
Can autistic people become screenwriters?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest movies and TV series?
Is it normal to cry often whenever you read stories or watch movies?
How would you contain a Xenomorph?
Do you think Julie Walters could be the greatest British actress of all time?
How does one reproduce film quality like this with a cheaper camera?
Who is the worst dancer among Tollywood actors?
Where can I find a movie producer for a story that I have? I'd like to make the story into a short movie. How much do you think it will cost?
What are the softwares, that are used to create the movie, Zootopia?
Where can I get Hindi dubbed versions of Tamil cult movies like Nayagan, Thalapathi etc.?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
What are some amazing Indian short movies to watch?
How far is the movie about Pulikecei true? Is he really the Tughlaq of South India?
Why have Tim Burtons movies deteriorated in quality in recent years?
What are Tamil actor Vijay's best movies?
Which cinemas have couples seats in Kolkata?
Why are Indian films not as famous as Chinese films in the USA?
Is the scenario presented in the movie, "The Day After Tommorow" possible?
Do you expect Bahubali 2 to be nominated for the Oscars? If so, what are the winning chances?
Which are the best 10 motivational movies?
What are some pointless books/movies?
Is it only me or anyone out there who thinks the Sachin movie trailer falls flat?
Why is Hollywood sexually liberal?
Suppose Baahubali 3 was to be made with a budget of 500 crores. Can Rajamouli raise the amount from a share market, for a movie?
Which is better? The Baahubali duology or The Lord of The Rings trilogy? Why?
Should I watch Riverdale? Is it interesting or worth watching?
What's best way to download the latest movies?
What have some of the Hollywood directors done for earning money before they became famous?
In Star Wars: A New Hope (1977), what would have happened if the droids’ escape pod had been destroyed?
What was the name of the dish that Kangana Ranaut's character "Rani" ordered in the movie 'Queen' after which she vomited?
Why shouldn't I be discouraged to become a filmmaker?
Which is the best horror movie in the world?
How are graphics different from animation in movies?
How are bilingual movies like Baahubali shot so that they are able to replicate the scenes in the other language as well?
What are some best sites for downloading Hollywood movies in HD?
Is it true that Sridevi was the first choice to play the role of Sivagami in the Baahubali franchise?
Is Rajnikanth's Baba movie a flop?
Where can I watch (or download) the Sleuth (1972) movie?
Is Logan the most realistic movie set in the future?
Is there a possibility that Bahubali and Magadheera share the same universe?
Are there any movie synopsis in which the main male character is described as beautiful?
What book should Hollywood make (or remake) into a movie?
Where can I download the audio track for the movie "Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya"?
Can you recommend to me good teen movies or movies that are about life in school?
What is the best action and adventure show on Netflix right now?
Is Moana based on Maori culture?
What is the most horrifying true story?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
What song is in the trailer for Alien:Covenant (2017)?
Is Goodfellas the best movie?
In "Alien: Covenant", how was David superior to Walter?
How much do music rights cost to use in a South African film with a budget of $2 million?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
Do you know about any school shootings inspired by movies?
Is there any way I can remove this arrow-like mark randomly appearing in a movie?
Why is the movie Battleship Potemkin considered propaganda?
Where can I watch Arrow online, without any signup?
What do you like about movies?
How many cinemas do Ethiopians have?
Will the upcoming movie 'Tiger Zinda Hai' save Katrina's career?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Who's a better film director, Clint Eastwood or Martin Scorsese?
Why are Republican actors essentially getting blacklisted in Hollywood?
What's the last movie you paid money to see and didn't regret afterwards?
What are some of the best time-travelling movies you have seen? Would you recommend them to everyone who loves these kinds of movies?
If Shah Rukh Khan is the biggest movie star in the world, then why don't his movies break the all-time collection records?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
Why are mainstream films so average these days? Hear me out.
What are the great movies that were made on the basis of psychology, a quest for the meaning of life, love, travel around the world, etc.?
Who is the real hero of the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
Considering negative criticism, can you point out any positive/enjoyable elements in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
What is your favorite film series?
Will there be another part of Bahubali after the 2nd one? I saw a book of Bahubali that was based on ancestors of Amerendra Bahubali.
If you ever make a movie, what genre would it be?
Which movie is very suspicious?
What is the list of old songs used in the movie Meri Pyaari Bindu?
What is the latest movie series?
What is the one thing you got out of the movie "Into the Wild"?
Which movie made you to change and how?
What are the best lines from any movie?
Which is best website to download Hollywood movies in dual language and in HD?
Has someone won an Oscar for an action movie?
Can I watch my downloaded movies on Chromecast?
Why is the movie called Cast Away?
How is a orbital strike carried out in Star Wars?
What are the most memorable action comedies movies so far?
How does a censor official confirm that animals used in film shooting were not harmed?
Which one provides the best Tollywood gossip?
Should I watch upcoming Marvel show, The Gifted on Fox?
Is there something like Gossip Girl in real life?
What is Ridley Scott's opinion on James Cameron's Aliens?
Why do people say that Vin Diesel is a bad actor? Is he a bad actor? Does he play his roles in a dumb way?
Is there a more bitterly ironic statement at the end of a movie than the words at the very end of My Own Private Idaho’s “Have a Nice Day”?
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What is it like being an actor?
What do you think about the Tamil film Varanam Aayiram? I need an answer from Neil Menon (if you saw this movie).
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Why is there no movie based on the novel Call of the Wild in the 21st century?
Is the Hollywood film industry a sophisticated CIA front?
I recently watched The Guardians of the Galaxy 2 after reading some negative reviews that, I think, were baseless.Can someone with the same view help?
Which are SRK’s good movies?
Is the new Harry Potter movie going to arrive in 2018?
Where can I watch Sholay 3D?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
When do Tamil youngsters avoid fighting for cinema actors?
In the end of the movie IT, how can a powerful ancient creature be killed by being hit with a rock and then toppled to the side like a cow?
What are your top ten macho, manly movies?
In how many films have Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan worked together?
Amidst speculations about Wonder Woman's opening, how much do you think the movie will make? Will it be a critical and a box office success?
What are upcoming Hindi movies in August 2017?
Can you suggest the top 5 movies that are able to motivate a student?
How do I download movies from my phone?
Which film will you watch this weekend: Half Girlfriend or Hindi Medium?
What do we get out of the movie "Hindi Medium"?
In Trolls, wasn't it crazy that the trolls kept having huge parties? Wasn’t this a huge plot flaw in the movie?
Is the upcoming Death Note movie going to hit movie theaters or only Netflix?
Indian movies are not thought-provoking. Do you subscribe to that view?
How do you get subtitles on online videos?
Why are homosexuals shown always as a caricature in Bollywood movies?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
Why should the so called Bollywood stars be paid a fortune for displaying their vulgarity on the big screen?
I want to ask a company to sponsor a short film project (and I have an idea how it could promote their brand). How do I approach them?
Is it possible for the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" to actually happen?
Since Baahubali is made in two languages, Tamil and Telugu, does it mean that all of the scenes were shot twice?
Is it weird that I watch movie reviews after I have watched the movie?
Which video game based movies do we hope to see in the future?
What are the best world movies torrent sites to download?
Are 3D glasses included?
What did you like about A Dog's Purpose?
Which is the best website for downloading all types of movies?
Which Emma Watson movies are available in Hindi?
What are some songs on Lord Shiva featured in movies of any language (something like Kochadaiyaan and Bahubali)?
Which action movie(s) have the most accurate and realistic portrayals of gun fights?
Where can I find out more about the movie Interstellar?
Are Indians films being shot in Pakistan?
If you happen to direct a movie in the future, what would be its theme?
Is it advisable to watch English movies and listen to English songs to learning English?
Are there any seriously good sci-fi or action/thriller novels that have not won any major awards nor have been adapted to screenplays?
Have you ever seen a movie that simultaneously displays subtitles in multiple languages?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
What is the English song used in OK Jaanu (Hindi movie) during the wedding scene at the church?
Who would win a fight between John Wick and Agent 47?
What movies should I watch to improve my British English?
Which is the best horror movie?
What are the key ideas and examples seen in the film Slumdog Millionaire?
What are the strangest, weirdest movies ever made?
Are Bollywood movies released in English abroad?
Which Indian director has directed the most number of films?
Which movie makes you feel happy?
What do westerners think about Bahubali movies?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
What did you learn from the movie Arya 2 (Allu Arjun)?
How would you rank the MCU film villains?
In Star Trek: The Voyage Home, did the Eugenics Wars still occur in the 1960s?
What is the name of the Spanish song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene where Toretto and his wife were in their bedroom?
What happened at the end of Lost?
How do I greenlight the next Cloverfield sequel?
Can anyone give me link of bahubali 2 HD movie?
How do you feel about the new replacement terminal coming to the Hollywood Burbank Airport?
What is the title of the movie where they sneak and stole money in lloyds bank?
What film or TV shows have the most badly dated CGI and special effects?
Is Bahubali 2 the only superhit and blockbuster movie in Hindi cinemas to cross 1000 crores?
Will there be a spin off movie for The Lord of the Rings?
What was Wes Anderson like in college?
What is the language of the film Sachin Tendylkar?
Where would Roger Moore rank among the actors who played James Bond?
Is the work atmosphere shown in the movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” accurate?
Do you think Logan (2017) deserves an Oscar or at least a nomination?
Where can one find some movie critiques for the movie Gandhi by Richard Attenborough?
Do you have the Hindi dubbed version of the Telugu movie Happy Days?
Can somebody tell me from where I can download the Armistice (2013) movie?
What makes films to win Oscars?
What are the other short films Nolan directed apart from "The Following"?
How would Yareal Poof's story, the Robot Chicken version, fit into Star Wars canon?
Which takes more man-hours, an animated film or a non-animated film?
How many people like the film Baahubali 2?
What is the best ever torrent site to download any movie or app?
Is The Godfather the greatest movie ever?
What is so special about the film Forrest Gump?
Who is the mother of Bhadra (Bhallala Deva’s son) in Baahubali?
Is Bahubali 2 the greatest movie in Indian cinema?
Is talent a must in screenwriting? What are the core elements to be a good screenwriter?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
What became of Lion's Saroo's 2 brothers, Mantosh and Sadhu? The film doesn't answer that.
Which is the best Kolkata movie theatre: Inox Quest or Cinepolis Acropolis?
Where can I watch Dandupalya with English subtitles?
How do people differentiate good or bad from an actor/actress's acting skills?
What do you think about the ending of Alien: Covenant?
Has anyone not watched Baahubali 1?
How many polycount per character is reasonable for making pre-rendered 3D movie?
How does an actor/actress' partner feel about them regularly having to kiss other people?
Is Don Johnson a good or bad actor?
Does anyone recognize the beauty of the first frame of “Guardians of the Galaxy” on the IMAX 3D screen, where Ego's character drove off of the fields?
What are your favourite rom-com movies?
In the film industry, is the best boy a gaffer or a (key) grip?
Why is John Wick such a kick ass movie?
Assuming it was properly licensed, would it be better for the web as a whole for people to stream a Netflix movie or download via torrents?
How do I download Hollywood movies in one click?
Are there any good WWII based movies?
What is the journey of the movie industry in the US?
What is your review of “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” (2017 movie)? Is the mage in the movie related to Merlin?
Why does Brad Pitt only make war movies?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
Why is it considered to be a bad thing for people who are rich or influential to finance their own movies?
Are there any movies in Hollywood and Bollywood which is based on a narcissist?
What is your opinion about the upcoming movie of actor Jeeva?
Why has Bahubali 2 become a blockbuster movie?
What is the reason behind Magadheera's failure and Baahubali's immense success?
What is your most favorite European sci-fi film?
How many Indian actress worked in Hollywood?
What is the Pirates of the Caribbean chronology?
On which site should I download Japanese movies with English subtitles?
Are some war strategies and fighting techniques shown in the Bahubali movie series copied from other movies?
What do you think about the character of Divyanka Tripathi, a popular television actress?
KickassTorrents used to be a good site for Afrikaans movies. Is there anywhere else?
What are the best Tollywood photoshoots?
How can I go in Bollywood?
Is there footage of Jackie Chan in a real competition?
Why are recent Kannada movies using names or references to hit movies or legendary personalities’ names?
Do the Baahubali movies have some connection with South India's history, or are these works of pure fiction? Was there a kingdom named Mahishmati?
Why has JYK (condors369) stopped uploading movies on thepiratebay.org?
Why are people angry about Joss Whedon directing the Batgirl movie?
Bahubali 2 was a disappointment. Am I alone to think so?
Will Jimi Hendrix Live at the Royal Albert Hall ever be released on film officially?
How can I download Korean movies with my phone legally free online?
What is your favourite collaborative, award-winning animated movie? Why?
You are forced to watch the same movie every day of your life. Which one would you choose?
In Star Wars, would it be possible for a boarding party to capture a Star Destroyer by holing up in one room and then decompressing the rest of the ship?
What is your review of Hindi Medium (2017 movie)?
Which upcoming 2017 summer movie will be successful in the box office?
If you could go back and remake or rewrite any movie franchise, which would you choose and what changes would you make?
What does Bollywood think about the Southern film industries after “Baahubali” and “Robot” franchises?
Why didn't John Carpenter and John Mctiernan get more success?
Why is Baahubali so hyped and has become a symbol of Hindu nationalism rather than just being another Indian movie?
Is John Wick a superhero character?
Where can I find the movie “Machine” (2017)?
Which is the movie that made you most emotional?
What are some of the best underrated sci-fi horror films?
What do you think of the movie 'A Dog's Purpose’?
What are some entertaining old sci-fi/ fantasy movies?
What do most Americans think about the actresses who go nude in movies?
Is there any link to download the Rudramadevi Telugu movie?
Do I need to watch the Sherlock movie before series 3?
Can you explain the ending of Interstellar (2014)?
How do you think Baahubali 2 will fare in China?
What is the box office collection of Sarkar 3 (2017 movie)?
What is a good movie for a child?
Who was the worst villain of all time?
If your life were a movie, would you let your parents watch it?
How can I play a DVD movie on my laptop after the chances remaining to change the region have been exhausted?
Why I'm unable to find Hindi dubbed version of Hollywood movie Moonlight(2016)?
How much do the cars used in movies like Fate of the Furious cost?
Why do people watch Salman Khan's movies if they hate him so much?
Why, in TV serials or film, can't we see the cameras in front of mirrors, and which effect is this?
How dirty is Kolkata film industry?
Which are the website that gives genuine reviews to movies?
Who are the Zygerrians in Star Wars?
What accent does Alex in A Clockwork Orange have?
How many cars were actually destroyed during the filming of the movie "Fast and Furious 8"?
What are the most touching scenes in Baahubali 2?
Do people actually have sex in movies scenes?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for half girlfriend Hindi movie?
Which is the best "Beauty and the Beast" film, Hollywood version or French version?
What is the least believable thing about the Pirates of the Carribean series?
Does the USA make the best TV shows/movies in the world? Why or why not?
What is an audition for a movie like?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
As shown in the movie 'Mohenjo Daro,' were the first settlers of the Gangetic plains Harappan people or invading Aryans?
What is one Movie you will absolutely love to watch in Cinema hall if released again?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
What was the actual motive behind Bel and Genesis's torture game in the movie Knock Knock (2015)?
Who are the five tallest characters in Baahubali?
Which cinema provides the best 3D experience in Chandigarh?
Did Prabhas suit the role of Baahubali?
As an American, to what extent can you relate to "The US" as depicted in Hollywood movies?
What is Miller's Planet in Interstellar?
Is there a certain way and format to write a movie script, or do you just have to get ideas on paper?
How can I make it to Bollywood?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2?
Can I make a good movie and launch it in Indian cinemas with 5 cr as the budget?
Which website gives the latest movie news?
What is the best channel on Roku for old movies?
To what extent will Baahubali (Part 1 and Conclusion) change the trend of the movies in Bollywood?
What's the best film/developer combo for enlargements?
What's it like, as an actor, to play a character that's supposed to be a bad actor?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
What is the best movie you have ever seen? What did you take advantage of?
In which film MKT and P.U.Chinappa acted together?
Did they ever find the little boy depicted in the film Changeling?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
What is an explanation for the ending of "The Vatican Tapes"?
What is the Telugu dialogue spoken by Dhanush in the Padikkathavan movie?
Now that Extratorrent is gone, where can I find movie releases from releaser groups like DDR, DUS, TeamOS etc?
What are some reactions to the trailer for 'Super Singh'?
Why is it that every time in scary slasher films the girl always runs back into the house/cabin where the slasher dude is?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
What are the most important chapters that have been asked in MU OET 2017 till now?
Why is Michael Cera such a bad actor?
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
Is there any movie about Galileo or Copernicus?
What do movie critics think about Bahubali 2?
Movies and TV series depict death as being very quick to come after a single sword cut. Is it possible to die immediately after being cut by a sword?
What are some movies that are similar to The Great Wall?
What do psychopaths think about the movie "American Psycho"?
Do actors and actresses really sing in the movies? I recently watched the new live action "Beauty and the Beast" and was amazed by the vocal talent.
How does one go about making a documentary about their life?
How many cars got crashed in all Fast and Furious movies?
Have you ever told a talker in a cinema while you were watching a film to STFU?
What gear do I need to become a film composer?
How do directors shoot compilations in Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch and download the movie Fairy Tail Dragon Cry?
What does it say about a person's personality whether or not they enjoy horror movies?
If Bahubali 3 is ever made, then what will be the story?
What are the shows in the West where Hollywood actors are called for interviews?
Can a music video be classified as a short film?
How do I download the movie “Half Girlfriend”?
Is it hard for an Asian to get roles in Hollywood? If so,why?
Is there an alternate reality as mentioned in sci-fi movies and shows?
Where can I watch the American drama Lie to Me with English subtitles?
What are some movies that wouldn't be able to be made today?
Why is Roger Stone admitting to all his trickery in the documentary on Netflix?
How much do top Hollywood costume designers earn per film?
Are Baahubali 1 & 2 modified versions of the old Kannada movie Mayura (Dr. Rajkumar)?
Can I use movie quotes in my movie blog?
Where can I download Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch The Seventh Seal (1957) with English subtitles?
If you were to make a movie with any actor but the only advertisement the movie would get was the name of the lead actor, who would be your lead?
Dangal has grossed 1500 crores worldwide. How much will Aamir Khan earn as the producer of this film?
What is the most believable thing about Star Wars?
Is it true that some deities who are worshipped in some parts of India were actually created by a movie?
How are the names of characters determined for movies and TV?
In X-Men: Apocalypse, why was Apocalypse betrayed in the start?
In which Korean-dubbed films has Korean voice actor Ja-Hyeong Gu voiced Denzel Washington?
Was Star Wars originally meant to promote theocracy and religious extremism?
What does it mean when Spock says that Khan “exhibits 2-dimensional thinking” in “Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan”?
Why are movies like American Pie so popular?
Where will Desi Digital Releasers (DDR) post its movies since extratorrent has shut down permanently?
Does anyone have a hangover from Baahubali: The Conclusion? I am awestruck and completely smitten by the characters of the movie. Does anyone feel the same?
What is the difference between Indian style of Cinema making and that of Hollywood?
Which Hollywood movie is the most sexual of the thriller movies?
Now that Bahubali: The Conclusion has been released, what do you think is a good way to extend the story for part 3?
What is the Chinese opinion on the American film “American Sniper” (2014)?
I am 17. I watched all the Harry Potter movies and I absolutely adore them. Am I too old to read the books? Should I do it?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
What is the name of a film about a "club", possibly starring James Spader?
Does the movie "No Men Beyond This Point" intend to have a prolife message?
Why are people making such a big deal out of Jennifer Lawrence's strip pole video?
How do I download the full audio track for “Commando 2” movie in Hindi?
What major or course should I take to become a video/short film maker?
Where can I find the latest Indian movie DVD releases and dates?
What are one or more of your favourite taglines in cinematic history?
What is the number one thing that makes a movie good?
Is there a website or an app where I can make a list of already watched series and movies?
What made Sivagami egoistic in “Bāahubali 2”?
When will “Baahubali 2” be released in China?
What was James Cameron's reasoning behind the last scene in Titanic with Jack, Rose and everyone clapping?
Why is Good Will Hunting so highly rated?
What is your worst Disney movie?
Is there any Harry Potter movie after the last one (Deathly Hallows)?
What are some events that show the true power of the internet?
What is the climax of Inception?
Is there any Indian movie available which may replace Baahubali’s popularity?
How does the main character in Cast Away change over time?
Why does Kannada cinema fail to compete with neighboring industries? Is there a problem with the quality of the movies, or is it their marketing strategy?
In the movie Baahubali, are there any mysteries unsolved?
Is the film "Split" a realistic depiction of split personality disorder?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
Do actors own what they buy when shooting a scene that involves shopping?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
What are the best movies in 2017?
Being an Indian filmmaking student, how can I land a job in Hollywood production houses?
What are 18+ horror Hollywood films?
What is the reason for the movie Suryavansham being aired on Set Max for so long and in so-called regular intervals?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
What are your thoughts on Baahubali becoming a pan-Indian movie?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
What did you think about Titan AE movie?
What are the best spiritual movies?
Is it possible to team up with Steven Spielberg to make a cartoon?
What skills are required for creating an animated movie?
What are some violent PG 13 movies?
How can I make a hero in Bollywood?
In the movie Silence, since Andrew Garfield apostatized their Lord, why did he still have the Jesus symbol with him in the end of the movie?
Will they ever defeat Thanos in a Marvel movie? If so, who will defeat him?
What are some Hollywood movies with the most ridiculous Hindi Dubbing?
Why were the names changed in the movie Big Short, but not in the book?
How does having sex for a film affect your feelings as an actress?
How can I download a movie on its release date?
What is the one movie you'd suggest to someone who is really depressed?
What's with all the movies that are adapted from books? Are they always bad to those who read the novel beforehand?
Is the Kannada movie "Hollywood" a good Indian movie, considering its release date?
How do you compare Baahubali 2 to Hollywood movies?
Where was the name Kaliyuga derived from?
What is the best Online Movies site in Brazil?
How do I sell a story to Hollywood?
In a sexual scene, are the actors truly naked?
Where would the Fast and Furious franchise be today if Paul Walker was still alive?
Why should we watch film?
How can I download a movie on mobile with less size?
How can I watch an R-rated movie in the theaters?
Is a movie about Sachin Tendulkar necessary?
Which scene in Baahubali 2 gave you goosebumps?
Why are British actors used so often in roles that are of different nationalities?
What is it like to imagine yourself in the body of a character/actor when you are watching a film and relating to other characters in the film?
Which is the best Punjabi movie in 2017?
When Europeans dub English language films, do they use particular accents? How about Japanese and Chinese films?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
When will any Indian film cross $1 billion?
Which are the best South Korean movies one should definitely watch (only thriller, horror, gangster and revenge genre)?
Which is the best Disney movie in Hindi dubbed?
If you had 200 million dollars, which Indian director would you choose to direct a movie in your production?
In Secret Window, who didn't feel sorry for Mort’s wife Amy when he killed her and her boyfriend Ted?
What is a couple movie ticket voucher?
Where can I watch New Girl with English subtitles?
What are the top 10 Bollywood movie collections of 2017?
Do I need to know the actual story of Dunkirk evacuation before watching the movie?
Is there anyone who is interested in cinematography?
What is Bahubali 2 earnings?
Where are the scenes set in Russia actually filmed?
What are some Indian movies which everyone should see at least once?
Which was the better decade for movies, comics, games, and music geeks, the 80s or the 90s?
After the Baahubali movie, is Indian​ cinema famous across the world?
Do you stand up at the movie theatre when the national anthem plays? What’s your view on it?
Where can I see a trailer for the new abc show for the people?
What should I do to get rid of imagining Bollywood characters?
How often are movies remade by different studios?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
What should I do if I am more interested in the film industry than in doing job in IT ?
Which actor/actress do you think is great but keeps on getting mediocre roles?
Which are the movie dowloading/streaming sites banned in Germany? Does anyone know if DDLValley is legal or not?
Why are there almost no good German movies except for Nazi movies?
How many actors have released actual nude videos?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is the Hindi movie “Dangal” such a runaway hit with the Chinese audience?
Are there any 2-disc editions of the extended versions of The Hobbit films? As in, just the films, no other bonus discs.
What movie or TV show has sparked genuine conversation between you and your child?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
Why do more people on Quora follow the topic Movies than the topic Books?
Why do people still watch and enjoy the new Fast and Furious films?
Which upcoming Netflix movies/TV series are you most excited about?
What are the most well known movie quotes of all time?
What makes getting into Hollywood so hard?
Why shouldn't we take Afghanistani actors instead of Pakistani actors?
Are there Tollywood movies on a Qatar flight?
How good and reliable is a bachelor’s in the film and television department of KIIT?
Who is the worst movie actor, who is considered a star?
What movies should I watch to learn everything about Batman?
Who could be the best cast if Malayalam movie "Premam" is remade in Hindi?
Did the movie “Zero Dark Thirty” change your perception about enhanced interrogation techniques?
Is it possible to copy JIO movies saved on phone to a laptop or PC?
How many of you think Bollywood songs are better than Hollywood?
How do I download or watch the new Indian movie Half Girlfriend 2017 online?
Who are the best aunties of Bollywood?
Will the Book of Atlantic Movie be showing in American theaters? If so, which regions?
Why does the Baahubali 2 movie have only a 1-star review on top on IMDb?
When will the Kirik Party DVD be released?
What are Jason Bourne's (movie) personality traits?
What do you want to see in a movie (+- 1 minute) that promotes the traditional Italian coffee culture?
Is there an example of a complicated scene that failed to shoot because of its complexity?
If you could switch the soundtracks of 2 different movies with each other, which movie soundtracks would you switch?
Why has "Last of the Breed" by Louis L'Amour never been made into a movie? This is probably one of the best adventure novels of all time.
With several story ideas for screenplays, should I write the treatment first or just dive into the screenplay? And why am I so terrified to start?
Which movie does Jackie Chan act in, where in one of the scenes, someone tries to take a box out of the great wall of China, destroying it?
What motivation does Disney (or any studio) have to continue making animated shorts?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What are the similarities between the epic Indian independence movement and the movie Bahubali?
What is the best HD movie downloading site?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
Why do I feel weird after watching an anime for the first time?
What factors lead to Baahubali’s success at the box office?
Is is possible to temporarily buy/rent rights to show a new film at a community event?
Was Groot a baby in the comics, or was that only in the movies?
Would it be a good idea for Mickey Mouse to get his own movie?
Is there any movie in Tamil that is better than Raavanan?
Should I worry about what age I "make it" in the entertainment industry as a writer, comedian, filmmaker, or actor? I fear that the age you make it at, matters.
Is the Baahubali movie vaguely based on Chandragupta Maurya?
When will Leo's fortune 2 come out?
Why do synthetics (androids) in the Alien universe grow hair?
What are some coolest movies ever made?
What are best horror and action movies of Hollywood to watch on YouTube free of cost?
(Spoilers welcome) What films contain textbook narcissistic characters? (Give a detailed answer, and name the characters.)
Why is “Baahubali 2” a tight slap on money-minded Bollywood?
What are the signs that prove that Bahubali 3 will be released?
What are the best medieval battle scenes involving cavalry?
What is a list of the best movies with fighter dogfights or involving air warfare?
What is the difference between "Films" and "Movies" when we use these words to denote cinema?
Will a biopic ever be made on a common person?
What do you think are the flaws in Kiccha Sudeep's film career?
Where can I download Bollywood movies for free?
What do teens think today when they see teen movies from the 1980s?
Where was the 1996 "The Nutty Professor" film set in?
Which are the most expensive movies ever produced in India amongst all time?
Did the 1976 movie Network predict the rise of Donald Trump?
How do producers collect money from cinemas?
How can I become an actor in the Tamil cinema in a hero’s role?
What could have prompted Autumn Snyder, the loving daughter of one of the most famous directors of the world, Zack Snyder, to commit suicide?
What is the name of the song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene, where Toretto was with his wife in the room?
Why do some people think that Sangamithra is going to be an utter flop?
Why does almost, if not every, movie have a black and white checkered floor in it somewhere? Many TV shows have that floor, too.
Why is Rana's look different in the first and second Baahubali movie?
Where I can buy the cap Arjun (Dulquer Salman) wears in the Bangalore Days movie? It's more like a beanie but open on both the ends.
What caused so many sex slaves after the fall of the Soviet Union?
Will La La Land be the last truly amazing movie musical?
Is there a Lucrezia Borgia Le Castellane (or similar movie) uncensored?
Who should I contact for exclusive movie footage for trailer productions?
If some American series are neither broadcasted in my country nor subtitled in Netflix, how am I supposed to watch them legally?
Which is the best part or scene of the movie, Kung Fu Panda 2?
Star Wars: Did Vader ever laugh after being put in his suit?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
Why is the Hindi version of Drishyam so different?
What are the best English social movies?
Which is the worst movie you paid to watch in this year?
Is there any app to download movies?
Can Gordon Miller watch a film and work? I read that he has ADD and he’s able to multitask very well.
What does HDTC quality means in pirated movies?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
Which is the best Hollywood horror movie in 2015?
How likely are we to create artificial intelligence like in the movies (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ex Machina)?
Who voiced Devsena in the Tamil version of Bahubali?
In the Silence movie, when Andrew Garfield apostatized against their Lord, why in the end of the movie did he still have Jesus’ symbol?
What role is Ice Cube suitable for in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Are there any movies directed in Pak which are India friendly, like the way we have Bajrangi, Veer-Zaara, and Happy Bhaag Jayegi? Haters stay away.
Why are prequels made?
What is the highest grossing Hindi movie in Tamilnadu?
Why does Mahendra Bahubali strip Avantika?
How can I download an HD version of the movie Baahubali 2?
What are your five favorite movies and why did they make such a impression on you?
Is there a comic book or novel prequel to the movie “X-Men: Days of Future Past”?
Is Trolls a good movie?
Was the Warren story a report or a transcription from Alice in Wonderland?
Will Baahubali 2, after reaching 1000+ crores, make another sequel?
How can I search a director’s biography on Bloomberg (i.e., all the directors in FTSE 250 all together)?
Why didn’t the movie “Hamari Adhuri Kahani” hit box office?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
What is the phone used in John Wick 2?
Why have some Bollywood singers shifted from Bollywood to South Indian films to Ad films?
When popular music is used in movies, would it be "used with permission"?
Where can I watch Velvet season 4 with English subtitles?
Why do I seem to enjoy films of the 80s and 90s as compared to the 2000s and 2010s?
Who is the worst female protagonist in a Tollywood movie?
Which is the new historical Bollywood film?
What is one observation you made but nobody has mentioned so far on Quora about Baahubali 2?
Are dangal box office figures in China real?
Seeing his performance in Masaan and Aankhon Dekhi, can we say that Sanjay Mishra is a better actor than Naseeruddin Shah or Om Puri?
What is your opinion on superhero movies being one of the most popular genres right now?
Are all foreign movies required to be dubbed in Japanese cinemas?
What are the most well known movie quotes?
How do I find an investor for a very promising horror short film?
How can I rip and put DVD movies on Nabi tablets?
What is the difference between documentary and docudrama?
Was the Malayalam movie Urumi as appreciated as it should have been?
Is there any other song similar/related to Tujhse Naraaz Nahi Zindagi from the movie Masoom?
What is the best free website for streaming Hindi movies?
What is the butter flavoring at the movie theaters made of?
What are the best websites for Tollywood cinema?
Is it true in China you can download recent western movies legally and for free?
Will X-23 appear in X-Men: The New Mutants (2018)?
What is your favourite thing about hunting?
How do films like Silence or Colossal get made where it seems like the studio has no intention of making a profit?
The way Hollywood depicts the CIA, is it somewhat realistic at all?
Are Indian people very excited for the movie "Sachin: A Billion Dreams"?
Why do established actors sometimes do nonsensical movies?
If you could change one thing about your favourite movie/game/book, etc., what would it be?
How many actors have won both an Oscar and a Razzie?
Have you seen any movies about the Vietnam war? How true-to-life are they?
How is 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun' the biggest hit of Indian cinema when adjusted for inflation?
What are some movies or books related to being single? (Like 500 days of summer)?
What movies have Marvel actors Co-starred in together outside of the MCU?
Where can I find a complete list of songs from the movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword?
Which actors and actresses deserve the accolades if there were no politics in the Academy Awards (or any awards)?
What is the deal with YouTube videos that say "Full Movie" but then open to a screen saying the film is copyrighted?
Why, in the Wizard of Oz film, does nobody see Dorothy as a killer?
How many people like to watch action movies?
What are the best Korean films to watch as a foreigner?
What should happen in the Batgirl movie?
How many MB would it take to watch a normal Bollywood movie?
If you had 1 month to live, what movies and TV shows would you watch? Why?
In Diamonds Are Forever, why was Plenty O'Toole on her way to see Tiffany Case just before she ended up in the pool with a weight around her feet?
Which elements are necessary for making a film?
Is the Sequel star wars trilogy essentially rewriting the Thrawn storyline?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
In which movies was John Wayne named Duke?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
What are some calming pictures with horrifying backstories?
When a film has 10 producers, do they expect different things or the same thing from the film?
How does a guy enter the adult film industry?
What would the Star Wars Rebels characters look like if it was live action?
Does Russia have any Red Dawn type movies showing an American invasion?
In which film did a nun bobblehead appear in a car? It might have been in any of Tarantino’s films, or films like that.
What is a script in acting?
How do I get my screenplay made in the Tamil film industry?
Why is the language used in movies hard to understand?
Which are the best sites to download new Hindi movies?
What guns does John Wick use throughout the film?
How do you feel about a Deadpool/moonknight team up Marvel movie?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
Which is the best website to watch online Telugu movies?
Do you also think Tom Hardy was a better actor than Leonardo Dicaprio in The Revenant?
How you see YouTubers who talk about events, games or themselves in front of camera and guys who do the same in form of good looking short films?
What are some must watch movies like those of Takovsky's?
Why is the Pakistani media mocking the Baahubali movie?
Is there any Tollywood movie which includes natural fighting scenes?
Why are Christians trying to ban books and movies like Harry Potter and His Dark Materials from the general public?
Doesn’t all of this introverted intuition and INFJ stuff resemble a movie about Stephen King's book, 1408?
Are there movies depicting real martial arts?
Will I most likely be successful if I major in film production?
In the movie "The Purge," why is murder the default offense?
Are film actors given too much intellectual space in India?
What was your reaction after the trailer for Guest in London?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are some trivia about one of your favourite movies?
Why can't India make more innovative films? Is SS Rajamouli the only innovator India has?
Guys, we all know that we can download newly released Hindi and English movies from torrent sites. But how can I get newly released Bengali films?
Who is the second attacker in the movie, Memento?
Why did Turner fall in love with the mermaid?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
Will there be a brand new Spider-Man in the upcoming Venom Movie or no Spider-Man at all since this new Spiderverse is not related to the MCU?
Which is the best horror movie in recent days?
What's the best way to improve the cinematography in my films?
Which is the best comedy movies in Punjabi?
Are the conditions of actresses in the Bollywood film industry accurate to as they are portrayed in the Spotlight web series & Heroine movie?
Is it better renting movies from Redbox than buying them?
Is the character of Bahubali in the movie inspired by Arvind Kejriwal?
Why do people in movies tend to use their body as shield to protect someone who is about to get hit/shot?
Where is the best source to cast actors for low budget films?
How can I download the background music which was played in Baahubali 2: The Conclusion?
Which are the movies similar to Captain Philips and Non-Stop?
What are some of the Bollywood movies based on goal setting?
Which movie do you prefer, Captain America: Civil War or Marvel's The Avengers?
What do South Indians think when foreigners identify Baahubali as a Bollywood movie?
What can we expect from Baywatch (2017)?
Is the premise of the movie "God is NOT Dead" utterly ridiculous?
Which actors have done films free of cost in Bollywood?
Has Hollywood ever done a movie that was only made for 1 day?
Are the adverts/trailers shown in the beginning/interval of a movie included in the film reel?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
If James Bond was a girl what will her name be?
What are the evolutionary purposes of Ridley Scott's alien's bizarre anatomical structure and hostile behavior?
Is the HD print of Bahubali coming or not?
Is there a Hindi-dubbed movie of “Theri”?
How can I binge watch DC shows and movies? When did it really start?
Do I need to watch the previous Alien movies before I see Alien Covenant?
Which is the best Hindi movie dialogue you have ever heard of?
What PG-13 movie should I watch?
Which was the best Tamil film ever?
How do I find publicity films?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
What is the reverse engineering of movie industry?
What makes you like epic movies?
How and where should I start if I want to start working in the film industry as a writer and director?
What don't you like about Baahubali?
What song did Emad Etesami and Rana sing together in the Iranian movie The Salesman?
What is the most brilliant thing in a movie?
What can you do in a cinema that you can't do at home? You can watch a film on a big screen with a good surround system, so why even go to the cinema?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu films filled with overacting (dialogue), the objectification of women, and extreme heroism?
Was the Titanic movie a real life story?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What were some notable ripoff films that were released in the 1970's?
Who is the actress who played the role when Michael Corleone was in Italy? Why didn't she appear in any other movies?
In a movie/TV show, how does one strike a balance between having characters explain stuff for the viewer and not having them sound like idiots?
Who do you think can play Itachi Uchiha (Naruto) in a film?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
What bothers you the most about YouTube movie review shows?
What is so great about the Gadar movie?
What is the best date to date?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
Which Indian film industry does Raju Singh work in?
Do you think we'll ever get a Daria sequel?
What are some things that can be done now to help me get into the film industry?
For what purpose would one go to a movie streaming app, other than for watching a movie or a show?
Why don't celebrities’ kids go to acting school before acting in films?
How much of the 1500 crores from Baahubali 2 goes to the producers?
Why do people easily trust strangers in movies but not in real life?
After a long day at work, how can I motivate myself to write my own TV shows and movies instead of napping and watching TV all evening?
How long does it take to film an episode?
Which is the best horror- thriller movie ever in Hollywood?
Have you ever written a movie script or novel without any planning, just to see where it goes?
Would you please rank the 007 movies from best to worst, including Never Say Never Again?
What are the countries, do not make movies?
What are the best anime series and/or movies I should watch? Only recommend ones you have watched and liked. It should be less than 50 episodes.
Are the equations all over the blackboards in movies like Good Will Hunting or Hidden Figures real or just made up for visual interest?
Which parts of 2012 (movie) were correct?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
Have any villages been made famous by movies?
Where should I move to if I like the experience of seeing a movie at an old school movie palace?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
Will there be live action sequels to 2010 film "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time"?
Is it true that the new movie Beauty and the Beast was banned in Russia?
Who first made pani puri in India?
Can we, will we be able to, upload our conscienceness to a computer like in the movie Transcendence?
What are the do's and don't's in creating a villain in a movie?
How are scenes in ads, movies, etc. shot where empty streets or areas are shown?
Since war movies are better than real war and crime movies are better than real crime, are porn movies better than real sex?
Has your visits to the IMDb website and app decreased since they got rid of the message boards?
What Asian dramas or movies with gay male characters do you recommend?
Find movie un?
Has an Indian actress dubbed the voice for Saba Qamar in the movie Hindi Medium?
How do I get roles as an actor for plays/movies (anything)?
What are the best Hollywood movies made on railways background?
Who would you cast as the Bride of Frankenstein in the 2019 remake?
Which movie is better: “Baahubali 2” or “Dangal”?
Am I required to turn in my 3D glasses at the end of a movie?
What is your reaction on the trailer of Hansal Mehta's 'Simran'?
How is the movie “Zombieland”?
How sucky are Baahubali movies?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
In the movies and television, why do gangsters, drug dealers and the like have minions that do their dirty work for them?
Why didn’t Bahubali kill Bijjaladeva in part 2?
Does it means that existential movies are realistic movies?
In the case of an emergency, like in the Martian movie, how much fuel and time is required to reach Mars via the shortest path?
As a foreign tourist in India, have you ever acted as an extra in a Bollywood movie? If yes, when and how?
What is the release date of Pirates of the Caribbean 5 in India?
What is a fast speed film?
If some deleted scenes are added back to Bahubali 2, will people go back to the theaters just to watch the added scenes?
Why is Diamonds are Forever not more highly regarded when it is clearly the second best Bond movie, after OHMSS?
How can I create an amazing script for a movie?
What are the top 10 movies on Netflix?
How dominating are male lead roles in films compared to female lead roles?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
What do you think about the new movie Jattu Engineer?
What exactly happened to the humanoid characters in Alien Covenant's flashback scene? Was this event what caused their extinction?
Why can’t Jackie Chan be declared as James Bond?
Why is it that most Disney films Frank Welker is in, he only does vocal effects?
Why are American girls so sexualized on the media?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
Why is it always dark when the police come in, whether it's into a house or warehouse, in movies? Why don't they turn on the lights?
Why are Bahubali movies so overrated?
How did Shivgami Devi of the Baahubali movie series fail to sense her husband and son's conspiracy to kill Amrendra Baahuballi?
What movie or movies did Samuel Jackson not yell in?
In the movie Monster Trucks, how did the creatures not explode?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
Where is the Baby Jen puppet used in The Dark Crystal?
What is the difference between Bollywood movies and daily soaps now?
Who does promotion for Bollywood movies?
In an old classic movie, there were the prank of an office worker, a coffee slogan, and the worker’s friends tricking him into thinking that he won money. Which movie is that?
Why hasn’t the Indonesian government taken down pirated movie stalls?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
If all the young Tollywood and Kollywood superstars were to fight each other, who would win, and which particular actor would have the highest kill count?
What are the best things to do on a 2 hour date apart from movie?
What is the most iconic movie house?
Which is best update website for movie news?
What will they do to the costumes used by the cast of a film?
What is the best anime series/movie ever? Is it Dragon Ball?
Is it possible that a movie could hypnotize people?
Can you tell me your MBTI type and your favorite movies?
Why is roaring used as a display of strength in movies?
How do I open a movie theater/cinema in Pakistan?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Why are DC movies doing so bad in the box office?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
What is your experience with writable whiteboard film?
Does Legends material in Star Wars belong to Disney as well as Canon?
Are Indian movies really better than Chinese movies?
Are the 90s Disney movies the greatest? Why or why not?
Can we compare Bahubali 2 with Hollywood movies?
What is that quote about cinema being about taking pictures of girlfriends?
Where can I find the correct site to download Armistice (2013 movie)?
What is the total collection of Baahubali 2?
What are the similarities between Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (2014 movie) and Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017 movie)?
Have there been instances where movies have tried to show the world a hidden truth subtly in its dialogues?
What is the best site to watch Movies for free without registration?
What was your reaction after watching Baahubali 2?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
Which website can one download the movie Bichumoo (Flying warriors) from? It's an old Korean movie
Did watching Tron give you a headache?
What is the best moment in your life till this date?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
Where can I download John Cena’s new 2017 movie?
What kind of performance in acting audition attracts the most to casting directors to get shortlisted?
What are your views on the movie “A Beautiful Mind”?
How did Baahubali 2 earn so much money all over the world, despite not being a mainstream Bollywood film and being a regional film?
Do you find the actor Baris Arduc attractive?
In the old Bonanza episodes, why is Hoss the only character with his own "theme" music?
What would they be like if the Baahubali series had been directed by Christopher Nolan?
How did they control the balloon in the 1956 movie, "The Red Balloon" directed by Albert Lamorisse?
What is the Westchester Incident in the movie Logan?
What Sci-fi movies should I watch? I don't watch movies but today I want to watch. What is the latest one?
Will the Harry Potter movies suffer more criticism over time for the lack of diversity in the cast?
Would Bahubali 2 earn 1000+ crore if the movie had not been hyped by the question, ‘Why did Katappa kill Bahubali?’
Which similar plot movies were released within a span of 5-6 years and were both successful?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu movies filled with overacting (dialogues), objectifying women and extreme heroism?
How do I download Hindi movie bàhubali 2?
Who do you think is the winner between Bahubali and Dangal?
Does Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood" remind you of Dave Brubeck's style?
While watching a movie scene of a boy crying after the death of his lover, I started to think about what I would have done in that situation. Why?
How do I download movies in HD?
Where can I find books or movies about King James?
Where can I download "T2 trainspotting" movie in a good quality?
How can I see the movie Kirik Party online?
What happened at the end of the movie Abzurdah?
How should I download the Marathi movie, Anvat, from the internet?
Why do low-budget movies not get enough credit in Indian cinemas?
How are movies projected today? What is the process by which a movie gets to the theater and then onto the screen?
Can I really have skills like a special agent in the movies, let's say Jason Bourne?
After the end of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, will Peter Quill still be able to hold an infinity stone like in Vol. 1?
Do foreigners watch Indian movies in theatres?
Which is the comedy Bollywood movie that contains this dialogue "kesi behki behki baate karr rahe ho"?
What movie had the biggest impact on you and why?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
How do TV and cinema compare as forms of entertainment?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
What are the best English language private torrent trackers for Chinese TV and movies?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
What do you think is the future of VFX in Indian cinema, with great films like Bahubali 2.0 and Bahubali? Can it compete with Hollywood in the coming times?
Is it really necessary to show sex scenes in movies? Can't they just show the actors in bedsheets, assuming they had it.
How is Dangal a Muslim movie and Baahubali a Hindu movie?
What is meant by a sequel?
Why are most filmmakers of TV and film documentaries about animals, science, religion, history, geography, etc., European, Australian, American, New Zealander, and Russian?
You are a movie director, you are shooting a robbery scene for your biggest movie project you've worked on so far, what would the scene look like?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What are the facts that took Baahubali beyond the expectations?
How well would you fare if you were the main protagonist in your favorite horror movie?
Apart from 'themoviespoilers.com', are there any other known websites that publish complete spoilers for newly released movies?
Do you think the Star Wars remake for Space Mountain was kind of a waste?
What are some suggestions for some fantasy-adventure movies, TV shows and PC games?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
Why are only a few scenes in IMAX films shot with IMAX cameras?
Was Darth Vader`s part in the original movies expanded "on the fly"?
What does a script for a porno movie look like?
Are scenes of the movie Original Sin real?
Why is the “Nayak” movie of Anil Kapoor always showing on Zee Cinema?
How is the racial makeup of extras/people in very small roles in movies chosen?
Why didn’t James McAvoy win an Oscar or even got nominated for his acting in the movie Split?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Why does Hollywood prefer making prequels to sequels?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
Do directors in Hollywood say 'Light, Camera, Action'?
Even just for watching Blu-ray or even DVD movies, does a dedicated graphic card still give a better video performance than the internal graphic chip?
How do I create dual audio movies in CyberLink or Wondershare?
What do non-Indians think of Bahubali?
How come Dangal made so much money in China, without any promotional events at least?
If a biopic on Rahul Dravid is ever made, who should play him?
Are the portrayals of military engagement with transformers in Michael Bay's movies accurate and realistic?
Is there any movie / TV episode where a woman steps or stomps her high heel on a man's foot?
This summer is predicted to be an all time low for blockbuster box-office. Are Hollywood tentpoles just getting stale?
What movie character do you feel the most hate against?
How do I get a script in front of Angeline Jolie?
What anime movies would you suggest I watch?
How does any movie earn?
What are your views on the movie Maroon (2016), and its ending?
Why is musical not a popular movie genre as it used to be?
How is the 300 movie?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
Are Bollywood movies famous in China?
How difficult would it be to shoot a small short film at an Ikea store (aspiring filmmaker, very small production, no bigger than a 5 people crew)?
In the movie American Pie Beta House, why are Stifler and his friends called 'Betas' inspite of the fact that they arent beta males?
Is New York as great as films and TV make it out to be? And where did all the hype come from?
When does “The Princess Bride” take place?
In what movie did Arnold Schwarzenegger say "So why am I still alive?"
What do Pakistanis think about movies like Veer-Zaara, Gadar, Border, etc.?
Is “Jeepers Creepers” a scary movie?
Can you give a crappy description of your favorite book or movie?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
What is your opinion about film director Priyadarshan?
Why was the movie No Smoking heavily panned by the critics?
What is the MBTI personality type of Amerandra Baahubali from the movie series Baahubali?
Why are so many television shows and movies produced in Georgia?
What does Stan Lee do with his money?
Which is the most direct movie on enlightenment?
Will Thanos kill Doctor Strange to get the Eye of Agamotto in Avengers:Infinity Wars?
If you had to choose just one movie for a new president, which one would it be, and why?
How do I get work as a Grip on a film or TV set?
How do actors behave if, after watching the opening of their film, they find that it is horrible? Do most actors see the whole film, or just some clips before the opening?
Why are the names of the lead roles in Titanic and lost the same?
Where do actors stay in Cannes?
Where can I get Bollywood new movies?
Is Manuel Kaminski from the novel Ich und Kaminski (Me and Kaminski) and its film adaptation based on a real person?
Did Baahubali 2 beat the box office collections of Aamir Khan's Dangal?
Who are some of the best set designers in modern film industry?
Was it ever explicitly stated how the Star Wars prophecy was told?
Why are there so many porn films where Indians are with Africans?
What are your thoughts on Tom Hardy playing Venom?
Are there any horror movies that have a serious theme?
What are some of the best looks from Cannes Film Festival 2017?
Why do some actors choose to go uncredited in movies?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
What is the perfect title for a short film based on the awareness of youngsters?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
Where can I get Baahubali 2 on Blu-ray?
What are small details we might have missed in Malayalam movies, e.g. Maheshinte Prathikaaram?
In how many Indian movies has Shahid Afridi been mentioned? What movies are they?
How did you feel about Ghostbusters (2016)? Many people didn't like that the cast was all female.
Is the new movie 'Get Out' scary?
What is an example of a good documentary where the main scenes are of the narrator?
What are the top 20 must watch movies of all time?
How can I download the latest movies?
In the end of the movie 'The Prestige' which Borden survived?
Who is the best and most qualified director in Sonipat?
Where can I download Star Wars 8 right now (and what do you think about it)?
What is the path to becoming an actor in movies?
Is the Baahubali movie overrated?
Why do horror movies or television shows have sexual themes?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
Why are men always the main character?
What are some good emotional movies like "Innocent voices"?
Why is the “Kirik Party” movie overrated?
Which is better; Blade Runner, Akira, or The Matrix?
Does watching movies with English subtitles help people learn English and develop listening skills?
Which Korean actor is the best in 2017?
Shouldn't the Indian filmmakers make a movie based on Operation Khukri in Sierra Leone? Who should that director be?
How will a Star Wars TV series surrounding the events of KoTOR be received?
What are the reasons behind the huge success of Bahubali 2?
Is it a bad idea to watch Star Wars in episodic order? Would that make one like Star Wars less?
In movies as well as television, in-coming mortars sound like artillery fire. Is this true or are they Hollywood sound effects?
What's the 70s movie where a second rate rodeo cowboy is hitch hiking and meets a girl in a Cadillac convertible?
Did they use a real tiger in the Life of Pi movie?
In the movies, why is it that when you see a back-of-head shot, the actor's mannerisms and movements are often out of sync with his/her dialogue?
Is The Ghazi Attack a rip-off of the Hollywood movie called USS Seaviper (2012)?
How can I stop someone from watching pirated movies?
What was the collection till yesterday of Baahubali 2?
What's so Indian about the movie series Baahubali?
Was there a dearth of good horror movies in the 1990s?
What was the quote at the end of Fast and Furious 7?
How can I watch any Hollywood movie with subtitles for free?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
Will making short films help to enter into the film industry?
How do I download the Babu Baga Busy movie?
What is that one movie that you believe is the story of your life?
Why are films about Batman way more popular or successful than films about Spiderman?
Are American public schools as awful, rude, and ruthless as depicted in films (e.g., Mean Girls, 17 Again, etc.)?
Is there any chance that extended version DVDs of the Baahubali duology will be released in the near future?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
Whose anime movies do you enjoy watching more: Hayao Miyazaki's or Makoto Shinkai's?
What is the problem of some Egyptians with the best actor of their country, Adel Imam?
How can I download Guardians of the Galaxy movie in a Tamil-dubbed version?
Can I sell an idea about an animation movie to Pixar?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
What would a Batman movie look and feel like if it had an Avatar-like humungous budget?
What animation software was used in the Baahubali movie?
Is the 1991 remake of the movie “A Kiss Before Dying” better than the original one (1956)?
Are there any famous movie directors (any language) who were poor and had no movie background at all?
Will Superman return in the next Justice League movie?
Which is the most passionate and fulfilling romantic movie?
Is there more than one Darksaber in Star Wars?
Where can I watch the movie “Fair Tail: Dragon Cry”?
Is unconsciously mimicking some behaviors from your favorite movie characters only normal?
Can I kiss my girlfriend inside a movie theater?
What happens in the brain when someone no longer fears horror movies or roller-coasters?
Which are the most underrated horror movies you have ever seen? And which scared you the most?
Was Devasena raped by Bhallaldev?
Which other South movie is loved in the North other than the “Baahubali” series?
How do I start a website that streams new movies and sitcoms legally?
Where can I learn filmmaking and screenwriting online for free (with links, if possible)?
Which movie do you think you shouldn't have watched?
Can you think of films where one character is an idealist and the other is cynical/skeptical, and their roles are reversed halfway through?
Where was the movie Rebellious Flower shot?
Is there any way to register a movie script for free, without a Union card?
In the event of an apocalyptic breakdown of a government, would society truly devolve to chaos as we see predicted in movies & books?
Before YouTube was invented; could you watch movie trailers online?
What are some good movies about Hollywood actors besides Mulholland Drive?
What are your favourite 10/10 Bollywood movies?
What are some of the best suspense Bollywood movies that I can watch on YouTube or Hotstar?
How can I find the movie about football club?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Do movie film crews get boners when shooting a sexy scene?
What is the best African movie you've ever seen?
Which novel was the basis for the Karnan movie that was released in the Tamil language and acted in by Shivaji Ganeshan?
Do you think there's a chance for a sequel for Spider-Man: Homecoming?
What are some things that you love about avant-garde films?
What other movies go with Suicide Squad, or is it a stand-alone movie?
Why do you think that Kaiser Haque is the best option for film reviews?
What films have the theme, "the same day recurs when the actor/actress awakes"?
Am I the only one who thinks Baahubali 2 is overrated and over hyped?
Which movies would fans of "The Mask" (1994) like?
Can I use a movie logo if I'm buying tickets for it?
Why didn't Weyland Utani send a bunch of Walters instead of a human crew?
What are the best mysterious Hollywood movies like 'The journey to the center of the earth'?
Where could I download new Kannada movies without torrent?
What secrets has the River Thames not released yet?
What is the most dumbest dance choreographed for a song to an actor or actress?
What are Roger moore’s 10 most popular films?
What do you feel about the theory that James Bond is a code name used by multiple people?
Has anyone watched the movie 'The Story of O’? What do you think about it?
How did you guys watch mcu? In chronological order or in time it has been released?
What are the best websites to upload a subtitle file for a short film?
In movies and/or animated shows where time travel exists, it is said that you shouldn't alter the timeline. Why?
Where can I find all animal sound effects used in movies?
Baahubali is as much a Tamil film as it is a Telugu film. Why do people refer to Baahubali as a Telugu film?
Can an Indian movie in English be selected for the Oscars general category?
In BAHUBALI 2 why the director does not show the heroes training for fight? Is he forgot about it or what?
How do I download the Marathi movie Anvat?
What is the best dialogue/speech in recent films?
What movie features an actor/actress who plays the most number of different characters in that movie?
The Martian has a good story line, but does the movie skip over explanations just for entertainment?
Why are the X-Men movies so poor compared to the Marvel movies?
Do actors ever actually ask directors 'What's my motivation?'?
What are some movies that have "too much action" to you?
Who is the best actor for Dhoom 4?
Could Forrest Gump have been court-martialed for not leaving Lieutenant Dan behind as Lieutenant Dan ordered him to do?
In what order should I watch Haikyuu?
What is your favorite book/movie/TV show?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
In which film does Michael Clarke Duncan act as a gangleader and participate in a game of killing other gang leaders?
How late into post-production was the title "Revenge of the Jedi" still being used for Star Wars VI?
What is the dish that Aamir Khan and Preity Zinta have in a scene in Singapore in the movie Dil Chahta Hai?
Which quality should I prefer while downloading movies or any videos from the internet?
Is the story of Shin Chan true?
What is your favorite part of the movie Up?
How many film industries are there around the world except for Hollywood and Bollywood? Can you rank them based on popularity and revenue earned?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Could the Men in Black (1997 movie) defeat the Chitari invasion from the Avengers (2012)?
What are the lessons learned from Baahubali 2?
When are new movies added to Hotstar?
On what basis are the prices of movie tickets fixed?
If Warner Brothers bought the movie rights to Spider-Man from Sony, could they use him in a movie with Batman and other DC characters?
Are WWE matches real or fake? I have heard from many guys that it is scripted and shot like a film shoot.
If the original trilogy films were like samurai films, then what are the prequels and new trilogy films?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
I am a college student in Delhi and have my story and script ready for my first short film. How do I fund the production of my film (weak financials)?
Have you ever seen a double decker or 2-story house trailer?
What were the reasons for Baahubali’s success?
Would Deathstroke have been a better villain than Bane in the Batman movie The Dark Knight Rises?
What scene in a movie has the most gunfire blasting?
What are some of the must watch English, Hindi, and Bengali movies that people don't know about?
What lessons does Baahubali offer other than being the biggest blockbuster ever?
What is the title of the Woody Allen movie in which a Jewish character listens to Hitler speeches?
Is there anyone who hates watching movies? If yes, why?
Can we play Blu-Ray movies or 1080p movies on a Lenovo Yoga Tab 3?
How do they make cartoon films?
What makes Daniel Craig appalling as James Bond?
Are there any scenes in the new Fifty Shades of Grey movie in which the main characters eat together?
Why does the media not give as much attention to the Bahubali stars as compared to the attention received by the Bollywood actors and actresses?
Why do most of the Hollywood movies have fewer songs, compared to Bollywood?
How do Star Wars gravity generators work?
Why is violence in movies/videogames so amusing?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Who voiced Devsena in the Hindi version of Baahubali?
How can I download bahubali 2 full movie in HD?
What are your reasons for not liking Hollywood?
Will anybody talk of the duration 00:58:57 to 01:01:03 of Baahubali: The Beginning movie?
Why does Hollywood talk about Mexico in American movies a lot?
At what age should my child first watch the Star Wars movies?
Which movie did you enjoy watching the most in a theater?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever watched?
Which Hollywood actresses sleep with directors and producers?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
One of my friend used torrent to download a movie. Is he in trouble?
What happens at the end of the movie The Words?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for Hindi movies?
Does becoming an adult film actor/porn star can interfere with my professional movie/film acting?
While shooting sex scenes in Asian movies, do the actresses actually get naked?
When will they make the sequel to Bladerunner, or “Bladerunner 2”?
What did you learn from the Steve Jobs movie?
Which are the best seats in Director’s Cut?
Were the midichlorians ever mentioned again in either the prequel trilogy or in the pre Disney expanded universe after “The Phantom Menace”?
What are some Disney cartoon movies which we will love to see?
What time periods do the Disney princesses live in?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
Do actors cover up their private parts while playing in sex scenes or do they just flash it to each other like it's normal?
Which monument in Lucknow is Akshay sitting at with a broken arm in the movie Jolly LLB 2?
What are some TV shows/movies with gay girls (preferably younger and not sexualized)?
Where can I find Steins;Gate with English subtitles?
How can I download the Marathi super-hit movie, Sairat, dubbed in Hindi?
I've edited two short films and now I need to make a portfolio, how should I go about it?
Which actress/actor you like in India most and why?
Why is south Indian movie industry so obsessed with showing navels?
Is film literature?
Why didn’t Toneri Ōtsutsuki help Momoshiki and Kinshiki in the movie Boruto?
Is it legal to film in a cemetery?
Which was Vinod Khanna's last movie in 1982?
What does Jake Williams think about the movie Fantastic Mr. Fox?
Why does Tara beg/plead to be with Ved in the movie Tamasha?
Is it still possible to buy a movie ticket at the counter of the Cathay Cinema nowadays?
Which of your senses are used when you are watching a movie?
Which director is the most suitable person to direct Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's biopic?
Please suggest the name of a TV program which is based on a film review?
Who has more screen credits than James Cromwell?
What song, movie or TV series are you ashamed to admit that you like?
Are there any sites where you can download Tamil, Hindi and Kannada movies in Blu-ray?
How I can download the Baahubali 2 full movie?
Which movie star do you think is the sexiest (of the gender(s) you prefer)?
Has anybody ever killed themselves after starring in a horror film?
Can we meet Hollywood or Bollywood stars at the Cannes Film Festival?
Can I request a cinema hall to show a movie which I want?
Which is the best horror movie in Hollywood till today?
What will you name a 26 movies series using all the 26 letters of the alphabet in the start?
Are there any movies/media with making of/behind the scenes of porn movies?
How I can get discounted movie tickets?
Who is the most popular dark-skinned actor/actress from southern regional cinema who has broken into mainstream Bollywood (Hindi) cinema?
Why don't they shoot movies and television shows at Disney's Hollywood Studios (Disney MGM Studios) and Universal Studios in Florida anymore?
How can I get the download link of the song "Raunakein Tham Tham Ke" by Kavita Seth from the movie "Trishna"? (2011)?
What is the least believable thing about the Matrix?
Is Oldboy the best Korean movie ever made?
Where can I download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
What is the difference between cameras for still photography and movie making/film?
I have to do a drama class projects. What is a good genre for a silent film?
If the trailers for upcoming movies look really good, why don't they just release the movie?
When rewatching a film with a plot twist, should the film be viewed as if one were watching it for the first time or with the viewer's new knowledge?
How are fight scenes shot so that they appear to be happening faster than possible?
What are the motives of the Android David in the Alien franchise?
How do I make YouTube to automatically generate english subtitles for english movies ?
Where can I download dhruva Telugu movie in HD?
What is your review of Half Girlfriend (2017 movie)?
How do I become a person who selects which movies to be played at the Cannes Film Festival?
How can I contact the actor/producer/director Tyler Perry directly or via his personal email address?
Which movie is better, Aayirathil Oruvan or Baahubali?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
Which is the best psychological Indian movie?
What is the most realistic movie you've ever seen?
What is your favorite movie caption?
Why do people insist on calling flight attendants "stewardesses", even on TV and in movies?
Which scenes in Baahubali 2 made you get goose bumps?
If the MCU Avengers watched Kimi no Na Wa in the cinema, what will they say and think?
If you could replace an actor in any movie, which movie would it be and who would you play?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
How do I write a film treatment for sequels?
Have any professional movie crews ever shot pictures of actual UFOs while filming their production?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
In the movie Frank, he wears a giant mask because of a condition. What condition is it?
Where do we get downloadable free kids movies?
Who played a double role in Sholay?
If Bahubali is so great, what about films like Mayabazaar?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
What is the best website to watch Telugu dubbed movies?
Have are the new theories of management in the last five years?
Is there a way to broadcast video that you are watching on VLC to another person’s computer who is also running VLC so 2 ppl. can watch movies while synced?
What is the one horror movie that had you afraid to go to bed that night?
How can Jharkhand have 100% entertainment tax on movies?
Where can I download Kabali (HD) with English subtitles?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
What are your thoughts on The Emoji Movie?
What would have happened if Bahubali 2 and Tubelight released on the same date?
Is copying movies from PC to iPhone safe?
Who named the Indian film industry 'Bollywood'?
Do you think any Hollywood movies will be made about the Donald Trump Presidency?
Why are subtitles not downloaded while downloading movies from Hotstar?
Can you spot the similarities between “Baahubali” movie series and “Kaaviya Thalaivan (Tamil)” movie?
What are the best spiritual movies in Hollywood?
Do you think hachi is the loveliest movie ever made?
Can anyone give me the English subtitles of the movie Ponyo?
In which Moroccan city is the famous movie studio based?
How do sound effects affect the comedic value of a film or show?
What is a film critic's/movie buff's reaction to the words "Tyler Perry movie”?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
I heard somewhere that most award shows (Emmys, Oscars, etc.) are corrupt? Is this true?
What are movies like Dorfman in Love?
Where can I download the sexy Durga movie?
If a movie is restored digitally and output back to film, can the result still be considered a representation of how it was originally made?
Am I the only one who feels that some of the scenes in Bahubali 2 are incomplete and imperfect in their execution compared to its prequel?
Does “Lost” contain horror stuff?
Why are there very few new Malayalam movies (released between 2012-2016) available on YouTube?
Is it possible for a JIPMER student to work in the film industry during a vacation?
In Baahubali 1, Baahubali refuses animal sacrifice, but the makers of the movie sacrificed a goat before releasing the film. Why the hypocrisy?
Does Charlie and the Chocolate Factory have a 2005 movie based book?
In what ways does the 2003 Peter Pan movie differ from J.M. Barrie's book?
Now that Baahubali is released, is this the new bench mark for south Asian movie making?
What is the best way to become a film composer?
What topics would you really like to watch as short films?
Why was Edward Scissorhands treated differently?
Which actor do you think would be best suited for a role as Donad Trump?
Is it the time now that Bollywood and other film industries start making movies on Hindu mythology stories and heroes?
What are some of the biggest box office hits as a percentage of their budget?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
Where can I find short film groups to associate with in Hyderabad?
Which university does the movie rings take place in?
Why do we feel liberated at the end of Shawshank Redemption.How did Frank Darabont achieve that?
What is the original Sanskrit meaning of the Maahismati Anthem from Baahubali in English?
How can I add subtitles to movies on an iPhone?
What are the best Russian movies about the Cold War?
Why does Amir Khan not host any award show? And why does he not go on any TV shows to promote his movies?
Which Bollywood actresses have had sex in their movies with another actress?
What is the most influential movie/film in all of history?
Who stars in the movie Hester Street?
Was Emilie de Ravin a good choice as Belle in Once?
If you could have a memento from any movie or TV show, what would you choose? It must be a real prop used in the production, not anything fictitious.
Who is really earning money from Bahubali 2?
Which movies are the most thrilling movies in the 20th century?
How similar are the movies Trolls and Angry Birds?
Is it possible that someone can faint at one shot on his head by a vase or a rod as it happens in movies that the hero hits someone on his head and he is knocked out?
How many people are working in the porn industry as actors? Say, how many starred in a film in the last 6 months?
Most of us know Roger Moore was really the best Bond, but which film was his best in the series?
Why is it a sequel to any film in India mostly a flop?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
Baahubali 2 had an impressive first-half, leading to a ridiculous conclusion, which was a big turn-off! Why? Was it due to a lack of ideas, budget or time?
Is The Shining (1980) the greatest horror movie ever made?
Which is the best and easiest movie download app?
What happened to the Missing 411 film?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What is a good documentary to watch to learn more about Edward Snowden?
Have you seen the film, ‘Sister my Sister, and what did you think of it?
What was the movie that had a really positive impact on your life?
What is kayal?
What do you think about the new Baywatch compared to the old Baywatch?
Do Hollywood movies’ worldwide grosses include China?
Which horror novel till date has the best plot?
What are some of the most inspiring Bollywood movies that may have had an impact on viewers' lives?
Does the complete Star Wars (the new one) include the full history of the old canon?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
In what movie was there a scene where a guy pushes out his belly and then draws it in while saying, "before…after"?
What are good movies and TV series on Canadian Netflix?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with Hindi audio?
How do I download Bollywood movies with mobile data?
What are some good movies for an ENTP?
How can you decorate a room for a scene in a gangster movie?
Is Digital Academy, the film school, good for Cinematography and does it have a good placement?
What are some movies with genuine kung fu?
Did you hire any set designer for your short film?
Who developed animation films in India?
How can I add background sounds to a small part of a large video? The intensity of that music should increase, like in a horror movie.
Is Doremon Nobita based on a real story?
How much do Gopalkrishna Vishwanath rate the movie Bahubali 2?
How can I get the movie Baahubali 2?
What is the most terrifying movie you have ever seen?
Where did I get Scooby do in Telugu?
Where can I watch Magnificent Century in English?
Is Tamil cinema overrated?
How can I watch the movie "For the love of Ruth"?
Who do I contact about a review of a film and book?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
What is the title of the music played during the entry of Devasena in “Baahubali 2”?
What is the least believable thing about Jason Bourne?
What's the name of the movie where Gene Hackman, after much police pressure, falsely confesses to having molested a child?
While filming babies in movies, how can they make the babies do the things the director wants?
If you could rewrite or edit BvS or add more films before it, how would you do that?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
Yesterday (23rd May 2017) Sir Roger Moore sadly departed this world, aged 89. What are your favourite Roger Moore TV/movie moments?
What is the name of an animated movie about human history with Mr White?
What did you feel after watching Joker Tamil movie?
How did sound film impact the 1920s?
How can I find an inexpensive screenwriter for my micro budget film?
Was there any rift between Nazriya Nazim and some members of the Tamil film fraternity?
What is the reason behind the success of Indian films? Is it good quality or intense marketing and PR? Is the entertainment industry really growing?
If actors play a double role, will they get paid twice the amount, just asking?
The movie Inferno is real life. Instead of saving them from the plague, it is released into the world. Does this actually create a better world?
What was the clever clue the villains planted in an attempt to lure Batman into a trap, thus rescuing Bruce?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
What is a genuine website for Tollywood collections of movies?
Why did everyone hate the film "The Last Airbender" so much?
Did Russians enjoy the movie Red Dawn?
Where is that tree location pictured in the "Sanam Teri Kasam" movie?
Which trilogy is better, The Lord of the Rings or The Matrix?
Where can I find new movies online?
Is the footage from war documentaries from the actual situation, or do they mix everything up to fit the story?
Will both Hayao Miyazaki and Makoto Shinkai make a new anime film together in 2020?
What books or series of films have relationships that are similar to Cassie and Sid’s relationship in ‘Skins’?
Is there a movie I can watch?
Do you think Heath Ledger could have acted as Bane?
Is it true Hollywood is working on a remake of "Red Dawn" as “Red Trump,” and Charlie Sheen will return as Patrick Eckert?
Why are so many films these days directed by two people?
Did the movie Robin Hood have an economic theme, and if so, is it worth following worldwide?
What are some movies about writing jobs?
Why was the accident shown twice in the Vellipomaakey song?
Is Willow: A Short Story by Alice Rachel based on a true story?
What is the beneficial thing of having film actors (not theatre) in a country?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
Why do we Indians consider Hollywood fantasy/action masala flicks to be acceptable but ridicule similar elements in Indian movies?
What are the best 2D animated comedy films?
What is the best movie scene you have ever seen?
Where can I download the Shehanai audio that is played at the end of the Jaykara/Dandalaya song in the Baahubali 2 movie?
Are stunt cars that were used in movies street legal?
Where can I download the movie Dhoom 2?
If you were asked to play a part in Bee Movie 2, would you accept?
Will Hollywood make a parody movie of Bollywood?
If cartoons are remade into live action movies, why are there no live action movies remade into cartoons?
Which is the best website to download Hollywood movies in HD?
What are some of the best apps for download newly released Hollywood movies?
What do I do to learn film directing? How do I get started?
Is it fair that movie stars make more money than Nobel Prize winning scientists?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
It is weird to go to a cinema alone late at night?
Would Luke still be as valuable to Darth Vader and the Emperor if his last name weren't Skywalker?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
Which is your favourite movie from Hollywood?
What do I learn in Lagaan, the Indian movie?
Is the ending of the movie "Get Out" modified in the DVD/Blu-Ray/Digital Copy?
What's your view on the Ulidavaru Kandanthe movie?
Have you done voice-over in any famous movies or series?
Where can I watch the Naruto movies dubbed in English?
What are the impacts on US citizens after watching movies like Snowden, Concussion, etc.?
Which is the best Hollywood action movie since 2014?
What if they remade all your favorite movies with monkeys?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
What is the difference between the film critics and the film audience?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
Which movie is better, Sarkar, or Sarkar Raj or Sarkar 3?
How is medieval sword fighting different than on medieval movies?
Who are some of the on-screen mothers of Bollywood?
Which will be better, 3GB Web-DL version or 3GB BRRip, if both are encoded by the same guy?
Where do I find good short films?
Can a NVIDIA Shield TV play all movie formats and subtitle files?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
Who is the youngest Hollywood actress?
What movies do you think are a must watch?
Who is the hottest Hollywood actress with whom you want to have sex?
How many coins are in John Wick’s suitcase?
How many times can you watch a horror movie until the horror wears off?
Which movie is perfect?
Did XXX3, Deepika's Hollywood debut, do well?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
Was demonetisation a hit or flop?
Are actor Jeffrey Tambor and Marvel Studio's Head Kevin Feige connected to each other? They look like twins!
Do south Indian movies have better stories and comedic timing than north Indian movies?
What do you think about the video "boyfriend" from the movie "Raabta"?
What are some movies, books, plays, etc. about the struggles of Muslim women?
Why do Bollywood movies have the same names?
What are Christopher Nolan's strengths and weaknesses in his career?
After the movie "Tomorrowland" ended, did you wish you were somehow given a pin?
Who is the most famous British film producer of all time?
Is Baahubali 2 a good film?
The movie “Hindi Medium” has given a strong message, but is it practical in the real world?
Why is Loki's character so complex?
What is your review on Lahoriye?
What are some movies like “Wild Things” with enormous twists in plots?
What is the most horrific movie you have ever seen?
How do the film stars behave at their home?
Alien: Covenant (2017 movie), what do you think happened between David and Elizabeth Shaw?
If cricketers were cast in Bollywood movies, who would star in what?
How can I watch movies on my TV from my phone?
Does the Force only exist within the Star Wars Galaxy?
Did Johnny Fontane have a bigger role in the novel than in the movie?
How would you fix the Star Wars prequels?
Did Marvel fans like the Dark Knight series?
What are the sites where I can watch Tamil movies on payment?
Who won the best film award in 2016?
What is the surname of Baahubali in the movie?
Why is Gotham's each episode directed by a separate director?
Why was Pete Postlethwaite regarded as a great actor?
If Amarendra Baahubali's father and Bijjala Deva (Nasser) are brothers contending for thrones, why do they have different surnames?
What is the upcoming movie of Hrithik Roshan?
Where can I watch Kaatru Veliyidai with subtitles?
Why did Mahendra Bahubali take an oath in the name of Rajmata Shivgami Devi during the coronation, while his mother is Devasena? Is it a Hindi dubbing mistake?
Where can I find Gujarati movies and drama?
How do they make films in Bollywood?
Where can I download Bichumoo (Flying warriors). It's an old Korean movie?
If ExtraTorrent gets shut down permanently, what would be an alternative source to download Hindi-dubbed Hollywood movies?
What if Salman Khan starred in and as Bahubali?
If Prabhas is cast in a lead role in Mahabharata (a.k.a. Randam Ooozham), which role would best suit him? Why?
Which is the most racial product ever made?
Will any Bollywood movie break the box office collection of Baahubali 2?
Which are some movie characters where a petite old woman is actually very tough?
Does Hollywood have a president?
How can I download a movie of small size (400-500 MB) from mobile?
If a woman watches a movie alone, who answers her questions?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
What assets does film hero Shobanbabu have?
If the trailer in the description was real, would you watch the movie?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
Is it normal for a child to watch a movie over and over again without getting bored?
Why do Hindi movies dominate if the theater count in South India is much larger?
What do you think about movies about the Holocaust, especially Schindler's List and The Pianist?
Why is everyone in the movies such a horrible shot?
Wouldn't Stephen Amell make a good Green Arrow on the big screen?
Which is the best Bollywood movie up to 2017?
What's your review on the movie Meera (1979)?
Is the movie Fury an accurate description of WW2?
How irresponsible are Fun Cinemas people?
How much does it cost to make a movie theater?
Who thinks Aliens (1986) is a bad movie, or at least overrated?
What was the quality of Malayalam movies released between 2000-2010? Were they really better than other South Indian language movies as they are now?
Which part of the “Baahubali” story would you change and why?
What kind of religions exist in Star Wars?
What are China made films that depicts 2nd Sino-Japanese?
What is the status the Gambit movie from Fox?
Are all of the people in the movie Suicide Squad DC?
What are some horror movies with cosmic sex scenes?
Why isn’t Bollywood praising Rajamouli’s Baahubali 2 success?
Who is your personal choice of an actor who should replace Daniel Craig's role in the next James Bond films?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
Why don't people like Christopher Nolan and Stanley Kubrick ever win Oscars? Even though they create masterpieces?
If they were to do a original middle earth movie what would you want to see in it?
Why is the book always better than the movie?
What or how many movies was John Wayne was named Duke?
In The Dark Knight, how does Batman have such great plot armor, but then his back is suddenly broken by Bane in The Dark Knight Rises?
Have you ever been into a film like scenario?
How did Xenomorphs originate?
What is the role of Coke in the preparation of silicon?
Which is the best film star in india?
What is one of the biggest flops in history?
Which is a must watch, adult, Hollywood movie?
The new 3D effects in movies have been added to movies not originally filmed in 3D. Can the new 3D be added to old 3D movies from the ‘50s and ‘60s?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
What if actor Ram Charan would've​ played the role of Baahubali?
How can I distribute my independent film?
What is the starting budget for a community movie theater in Toronto and Berlin?
Why do Malayalees like Tamil movies?
Why is the whole Bollywood silent with the success of Bahubali 2?
Where was the movie Bahubali made?
How do I watch the movie, Partner, online?
How do script writers quantify if a script is 'beyond the budget constraints' of a given movie?
Does a movie being good or bad affect the nomination of its individual parts for an Oscar?
What's the best successful ads in the movies?
Is a degree needed for becoming a filmmaker?
Which is better, movies or TV shows?
What specific parts of Braveheart are accurate?
Why was 'UP' written on the envelope of Judge Surillo in Batman The Dark Knight movie?
When will we ever see a canon novelization of the prequel trilogy of Star Wars?
In the Japanese version of the kids movie "Sing", do the red pandas sing in English?
In Logan, why did Laura's guardian try to find Logan?
Who is the best actor in Tamil cinema, ajith or Vijay?
Why do I get uncomfortable with romantic and/or sexual scenes on TV, books or real life?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
What punch dialogue is very much famous in North Indian movies?
How does Tarantino feel about Christopher Nolan?
What will the all-time box office rank for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 be on May 23, 2017?
What scenes in the 2016 Disney film Zootopia does Rich Moore direct?
What are some recent Tamil Fantasy movies which were the most underrated?
What is the movie 'Fantastic Beasts' about, and how is it related to Harry Potter?
What is bad acting?
How do they make actors/actresses look so good?
Who are the top 10 Hollywood actors of all time?
Where is Bhallaladeva's son in Baahubali 2?
How did David defeat Walter in Alien: Covenant? Wasn't Walter an updated version?
What made Bahubali 2 a mega blockbuster than the other Indian movies?
Are there any horror films from the 1960s that would be considered scary by today's standards?
Can you tell me where can I download Nana Patekar’s movie 'Prahaar'?
What is the musical instrument used at 48:40 in the movie "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi (2013)"?
Which are the sitcoms which you should watch before you die?
Where can I get “The Reader” dubbed in Hindi?
On which website can I watch online Bollywood movies?
What are some of the 'must watch' Mammootty movies (released after 2000)?
Why did Netflix remove ratings?
What was the first Disney film to feature closing credits?
Where can I watch, “Happy New Year” with English subtitles?
Who is the creepiest clown in TV, books, and/or movies?
What's your favorite innuendo?
Which mutants or metahumans from any fictional universe that haven’t been on screen/had little screen time would you like to see portrayed more & why?
Is it true there will be another movie like the Suicide Squad?
If you could change anything about Star Wars: The Force Awakens, what would you change and why?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
Which movies are considered bold in your country?
Why is there a sense of urgency in movies where they can travel through time?
Did you enjoy Moana?
Is it plausible for aliens to be as powerfull physically as in movies/animes?
Why do movies and shows about high school show nerds getting bullied for being smart?
How did The Secret movie/book change your life? Any real life experiences?
Can Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara be termed a psychological film?
Which cinema hall has a box in Kolkata?
What is the meaning of the dialogue 'No means no' from the movie Pink?
Do you have own movie theater in your home for your family only?
Is f-movies site down?
Do actors go into acting because of fame/attention?
Is there any app to download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
Which movie would you recommend to watch for improving English speaking?
What is the ideology or rules for the Central Board of Film Certification?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
Why didn’t the police search for Andy Dufresne after he escaped from Shawshank?
Does diplomacy always win in real life?
Whch is the movie that made you cry?
Where can I find somebody to reenact the scene from the Wolf of Wall Street where Naomi talks about not wearing underwear?
If a stalker that was harassing an actor/actress and got a restraining order, would he or she be allowed to watch the films that the victim was in?
How do Pakistanis feel about the Bahubali 2 movie? Do they like it?
When dubbing was introduced to India, what was the first thing to get dubbed?
Are there any movies that explore what life would’ve been like for family and friends if the protagonist never existed?
Name some films which would have been much better with a different director and explain why?
What do you think of the movie Cold Mountain?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
Can we watch the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales with the whole family?
How was the movie 'Half Girlfriend'?
Which are the must watch Latin American movies?
Which is the best website for downloading Hollywood and Bollywood movies in HD?
What do you hate about military movies?
How do I watch Blu-ray movies via a 2017 Nvidia Shield TV?
What dictated the seemingly inflated talent fees of Hollywood actors? Why does an average movie cost millions of dollars to make?
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What are the best incest movies, like the Taboo series?
What is the best James Bond movie to which to introduce kids to the films?
What happened with the INS Vikrant (R11)?
Is Sooryavansham the most telecasted movie of all time?
Where can I watch free Hindi TV series and movies ​online (Web Plus app)?
What would be some great ideas for a Zootopia sequel?
How do I know whether the casting directors have liked my performance?
What are some good movies in which the good guy doesn't win?
Why did the Chinese love the “Dangal” movie?
Is it possible for Pixar to ever make a live-action movie?
Why are films such an effective way of conveying significant themes and ideas?
Where can I download the Bollywood movie “Khamosh” (1985)?
I am very interested in bringing back the "movie palace" cinema, how should I go about that?
I noticed that two movies have female protagonists coming to theaters this year. What is your opinion or take?
How would King Kong treat regular gorillas?
What are some really brilliant ambient or electronic film scores?
How difficult are the fight scenes in the films of Matt Damon, Tom Cruise, Keanu Reeves, etc.? Is there any real MA there?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
How can I find a movie statistics like no of tickets sold, no of shows in a particular theatre? Do we have any website?
What book has complete information on film making?
What are sites for watching French movies in HD or open torrent sites?
How do we dub any language into Hindi?
Why was there never a 'Bug's Life 2'?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
Why do so many horror movies involve stupid teens / early 20’s?
What's the greatest found footage film of all time?
Is there any app where we can watch an Italian movie but add English subtitles to understand it?
If a movie is to be made about true events, who gives the permission to do so?
Why are we (Bollywood) not making any movies with some amount of intellect? How long do we plan on making love stories with different packaging?
Are Baahubali 1 and 2 based on a true story?
What is story of the movie 2057 which Bollywood directors are directing along the lines of Bahubali?
If both Mitsuha and Taki from Your Name were to watch the MCU Avengers movie, what will they say and think about it?
What are the best lines from movies?
What is that the sci-fi movie where humans are killing aliens in another planet and where they kidnap their queen?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
Can hydrogen be burned manually? Is everything that NASA sends to space fire retardant? I’m asking this for a project on a scene from the movie, "The Martian".
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
Who would you thank if you won the Oscars?
In the movie The Brothers Grimsby we see the brother sucking the ball of his brother, was it real?
Why is it that even the non-dialogue scenes in “Baahubali 1” are different in the Tamil and Telugu versions?
What is your box office predictions for big Indian movies releasing this year?
Should we watch Pirates of the Caribbean with family?
Should I watch movies in the theater or on a network?
What movie reminds you of your life?
Is Sonarika Bhadoria a good actress? Can she act in the films in Bollywood?
What will happen if we went to watch a movie and bought the tickets of some other movie?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
How true are the events portrayed in the movie, "Snowden"?
What will you do if you are president for one day as shown in some Telugu movie?
Why is Baahubali 2 breaking all records? What is so special about this movie?
Can you name some movies that are like The Sandlot?
What is the duration of copyright for any movie or TV series?
What are the six important signs and symbols that the novel “Silence of Lambs” by Thomas Harris relies on to create an impression of horror?
In the 2012 Hindi movie Chakravyuh, what happens in the climax?
How much reality is there in the movie Interstellar?
With most of the websites blocked nowadays, can anyone suggest a website where I could download Indian Bollywood, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, etc. movies?
What are the movies that worth our valuable time?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
Is Joss Whedon directing Justice League? What's up with the recent reshoots with the movie?
Which of the Harry Potter movies are the most and least satisfying adaptations?
What do you think about Sony's coming up movie Venom?
How can I see an English version movie converted into Hindi audio?
What Easter eggs did you find in the movie Baahubali?
How does the Tamil film industry market its films?
What are your favourite movie and why? Is there any hidden meanings?
Which elements are necessary for film?
Who should act as Krishna in the upcoming Mahabharata movie(s) project?
Is the story of the Insidious movie brilliant?
What do Sri Lankans think about the film Bahubali?
How do people collect movies in the USA without buying them?
Did Blade Runner's "tears in rain" monologue have a philosophical message behind it?
How do I make a complaint on single screen theater?
How is the industry for digital film making?
Who creates the fantastic UI views on screen in movies or on TV series?
Famous actresses of all countries make all sorts of compromises under the name of acting, such as being bold, filming sex scenes & doing nude modelling openly, & yet are respected but not prostitutes. Why?
What percentage of spy work is sort of like the movies? When spy work becomes sort of like the movies, how movie-like does it get?
How can I watch Jadoo High?
Can you tell me a movie that everybody likes but you don't? And why?
What is the answer to why Kattappa killed Bahubali? Who is Ballaladeva’s (Rana) wife?
Why do the Chinese like Dangal, the movie?
What are your favorite low-budget movies not made by Hollywood?
Why do you think "Baahubali" got the hype it acquired?
What are the greatest performances of Setsuko Hara?
Which are the must-watch Hollywood movies from 1990-2017?
Why isn't "Hollywood Reporter" praising Aishwarya Rai's Cannes Film Festival outfit the way "TOI" is doing?
What is the best streaming device to buy to watch live TV shows/news, movies on demand, movies in the theater, sports, etc?
What are the 10 best French-language, made-in-France films from between 2000 and 2015?
Which actress should have played Ginny?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
Do you think Marvel's Sentry will be the next big R-rated superhero movie?
What are your best money/weapon/drugs movies?
What do you think of the recent influx of memes of the Star Wars prequels?
What are your favourite 10/10 Tollywood movies?
What are the historical references for the movies Baahubali 1 and 2?
How much does it cost to produce an indoor-quality ad film of 3 minutes?
In Bahubali, who is Bhadra's mother?
What are some inspirational Bollywood movies to watch?
Is movie.vidmate.mobi safe to download and use? Are there any reviews of its general use?
How can we identify the pattern of events in real life?
In Baahubali 2, did Prabhas’ acting show signs of self-importance?
How do I get a role in Bollywood movies?
Are Tamil movies released in Hyderabad in Tamil?
How do movies and TV series get the best ratings on IMDB and popularity among people, even when they contain nude and sex scenes?
Is it better to watch TV series or movies?
Why does Bollywood not make well written/researched commercial movies like 'Sarfarosh' anymore?
Why are people who like to listen to movie scores/soundtracks considered nerds?
How were old movies colourised?
How do you come up with the characters and plots for your novellas?
Why is Salman Khan still a bachelor?
How should I proceed to get a job in film (even a PA) when arriving in Toronto from Europe?
Do you think that Marathi characters in Bollywood movies are often shown as rural, while almost half of the population of Marathi people live in an urban area?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
How do I get movies legally to do critical videos like Nerdwriter or Every Frame a Painting?
What are some reviews for Guardians Of the Galaxy 2? What would be a comparison with other MCU movies?
What are some amazing films about space?
What does Jack Fraser think about the new Star Trek trailer?
Why are dubbed versions of regional cinema released in Hindi with ridiculous titles?
Where can I get the Ash vs Evil Dead movie?
In which language is the movie Dangal released in China?
Where can I watch “Detective Conan Movie 21″?
If you got the role of Road Warrior Hawk from Legion of Doom for a movie, what workout, diet, and drugs would you do to get prepared for the role?
What are some good, scarily interesting movies?
What formats do actors commonly get dossiers of their characters' in?
Is it better to be a movie star or a TV star?
Why do we love the movie "The Breakfast Club" so much?
Who is the dead man and what is his folly in Agatha Christie's Dead Man's Folly?
If Baahubali is a fictitious character, why are people loving him?
Is it worthwhile watching Baahubali 2 in 4K, as it may require a minimum viewing distance in a cinema hall?
What is the one film/franchise that is better than the book?
If La La Land is remade into Bollywood, then which actors will play in which roles?
Which movie is better, Good Will Hunting or The Blues Brothers?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do real ghosts and demons look like their movie counterparts?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
Where can I watch/download Hindi dubbed English movies online? (paid/free)
What do you think about the documentary Religulous?
Does Alien: Covenant help connect Prometheus to rest of the Alien films?
What is the meaning of the Tamil dialogue "aamanda pe payale.. Richie" from the Nivin Pauly movie “Richie”?
Is there an app to watch free Harry Potter movies?
What's the difference between best screenplay and best picture?
Do movies increase our knowledge?
What's your favourite movie based on a novel?
What is a way to find work in the film industry?
Have you seen anyone get jilted at the altar in real life like they show on TV? Do you know what happened?
How much does noticeable lens dirt in a shot matter to a film festival programmer?
What is the track that’s played in the biggest, loudest, craziest party scene from the 2016 Trolls movie?
How many Guardian of the Galaxy movies do you think there will be, and why?
Will Lavalantula turn into a film series like Sharknado?
Why do producers and directors make a movie even though they know it’s going to be a massive flop?
What is the actor Wilson Bethel doing now?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
Will Baahubali 2 pave the way for erasing the Bollywood-Tollywood differences and for the emergence of a common Indiwood platform??
When will Avatar 2 be released?
Do Bollywood movies show nudity?
From which app on iPhone is it easy to watch Hollywood movies?
How do people in USA collect movies without torrent?
If you could turn any arc of The Clone Wars into a full-lengthed live-action, big-budget movie, which would you choose and why?
Which actor has the craziest female fan following?
Who is the sexiest actor of Hollywood?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
Why are male choirs used in sinister scenes in movies?
What shows should one watch to get modernized/westernized?
Is Disney recreating all of their movies but this time they are in real life?
Can you tell me some classic anime movies that you like?
Is Cast Away a great movie?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
Who have watched the movie The Shack and what do you think about it?
I have a moral dilemma, I want to watch the new Doctor Who but my family wants to watch it with me. What should I do?
Which Batmobile would win, Batmobile from Batman v Superman vs Batmobile from Justice League?
Is there any male leading actor in a 21st century blockbuster Hollywood non-action movie who is 100% East Asian-looking?
Where can I get the Sarrainodu movie (2016) in Hindi?
Why do mid budget action movies have to be made independently and not by studios?
Why does Anushka Shetty look so different in Baahubali 2 than she looks in the movie promotions?
Which is the most genuine website for movie reviews or ratings?
What’s a movie that absolutely petrified you?
What would your reaction be if Forrest Gump got transferred into your squad?
Has the image of SS Rajamouli improved considerably after the success of Baahubali 2?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
What were stoners’ best ever highdeas?
Is Tiger Shroff capable of playing an intense character like Rambo?
Why is Chetan Bhagat criticised when movies based on his novels like 3 Idiots and 2 States were good movies?
Is this the proper way to film a gunshot explosion in a film?
How many vehicles have been damaged in the movie Fast and Furious 8?
How many 1996 Airstream Classic 36s were made?
How much has Baahubali 2 earned?
What are the best action Hollywood movies?
Do you have to be a Christian to be in a Christian movie?
What was the role of Karan Johar in Baahubali’s production?
What do people from India think of Leonardo DiCaprio?
Is Blade Runner 2049 (2017) going to be any good?
What are notable depictions of sibling negotiations in film or literature?
Why was Bijjala Dev in the Baahubali 2 movie not punished?
Are we more inclined to root for the bad guy if he/she is also the main character?
How do movies make close up throat cutting scenes look so real?
How would you briefly differentiate Indian Cinema of 1950s and now? Is parallel cinema still struggling to resist dominance of mainstream cinema?
Why are Fast and Furious movies still being made, and why are they grossing so much?
What is the date of Allu Arjun’s new movie audio?
Should I watch the Khule-Aam sexy Yaara movie?
How can I open a movie theater/cinema in Pakistan, and how much would it cost?
What Hindi film actor/actress has done the most films?
Do any of you guys think all of the Harry Potter movies are connected somehow?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
What are some of the Kollywood actors who turned into politician?
What is the most underrated thing about Bollywood?
Where can I download Jurassic World in 1080p at a fast speed?
Is there any platform where I can get in touch with trained short film directors in Hyderabad for my channel?
If someone asked you to watch only one movie every day, which movie would you choose?
How do professional filmmakers feel about YouTube movie reviewers with large followings?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Supposing Hollywood decides to make a Mahabharat movie, which character between Arjuna and Karna do you think would be more popular?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
Would acting in movies be a good job?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
How is Bane stronger than Batman in the movie, The Dark Knight Rises? There is no mention of Venom that he is taking through the mask.
How long it will take for Disney to own all the Marvel superhero film rights from Fox, Lionsgate, Sony and Universal Pictures?
Will “Baahubali 2” cross 2000 crore, since it is yet to be released in China and it has already reached 1500 crore by the 17th day?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
Who could get me a list of inspiring movies?
Does Baahubali have any deleted scenes? If so, where can I watch them?
How does a film director narrate/explain a romantic scene to both actor and actress?
In your opinion, what is the best score written for a movie?
Can autistic people become screenwriters?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest movies and TV series?
Is it normal to cry often whenever you read stories or watch movies?
How would you contain a Xenomorph?
Do you think Julie Walters could be the greatest British actress of all time?
How does one reproduce film quality like this with a cheaper camera?
Who is the worst dancer among Tollywood actors?
Where can I find a movie producer for a story that I have? I'd like to make the story into a short movie. How much do you think it will cost?
What are the softwares, that are used to create the movie, Zootopia?
Where can I get Hindi dubbed versions of Tamil cult movies like Nayagan, Thalapathi etc.?
Which is the highest-grossing Bollywood movie in South India?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
What are some amazing Indian short movies to watch?
How far is the movie about Pulikecei true? Is he really the Tughlaq of South India?
Why have Tim Burtons movies deteriorated in quality in recent years?
What are Tamil actor Vijay's best movies?
Which cinemas have couples seats in Kolkata?
Why are Indian films not as famous as Chinese films in the USA?
Is the scenario presented in the movie, "The Day After Tommorow" possible?
Do you expect Bahubali 2 to be nominated for the Oscars? If so, what are the winning chances?
Which are the best 10 motivational movies?
What are the best books or movies about Nike?
What are some pointless books/movies?
Is it only me or anyone out there who thinks the Sachin movie trailer falls flat?
Why is Hollywood sexually liberal?
Suppose Baahubali 3 was to be made with a budget of 500 crores. Can Rajamouli raise the amount from a share market, for a movie?
Which is better? The Baahubali duology or The Lord of The Rings trilogy? Why?
Should I watch Riverdale? Is it interesting or worth watching?
What's best way to download the latest movies?
Are Richard from Friends and Charlie from Twilight played by the same actor?
What have some of the Hollywood directors done for earning money before they became famous?
In Star Wars: A New Hope (1977), what would have happened if the droids’ escape pod had been destroyed?
What was the name of the dish that Kangana Ranaut's character "Rani" ordered in the movie 'Queen' after which she vomited?
Why shouldn't I be discouraged to become a filmmaker?
Is there any Malayalam movie that won an Oscar award?
Which is the best horror movie in the world?
Does Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 have subtitles in Indian cinemas?
How are graphics different from animation in movies?
As a woman, what did you feel after watching the movie "36 Vayathinilea"?
How are bilingual movies like Baahubali shot so that they are able to replicate the scenes in the other language as well?
What are some best sites for downloading Hollywood movies in HD?
Is it true that Sridevi was the first choice to play the role of Sivagami in the Baahubali franchise?
Is Rajnikanth's Baba movie a flop?
Where can I watch (or download) the Sleuth (1972) movie?
Is Logan the most realistic movie set in the future?
Is there a possibility that Bahubali and Magadheera share the same universe?
Are there any movie synopsis in which the main male character is described as beautiful?
What book should Hollywood make (or remake) into a movie?
Where can I download the audio track for the movie "Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya"?
Can you recommend to me good teen movies or movies that are about life in school?
What is the best action and adventure show on Netflix right now?
Is Moana based on Maori culture?
What is the most horrifying true story?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
What song is in the trailer for Alien:Covenant (2017)?
Is Goodfellas the best movie?
Is there anything peculiar about Idris Elba being associated with outer space in many movies like Thor, Prometheus, Star Trek, etc.?
In "Alien: Covenant", how was David superior to Walter?
How much do music rights cost to use in a South African film with a budget of $2 million?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
Do you know about any school shootings inspired by movies?
Is there any way I can remove this arrow-like mark randomly appearing in a movie?
Who provided the Tamil voice to Anushka in Baahubali?
Why is the movie Battleship Potemkin considered propaganda?
Where can I watch Arrow online, without any signup?
What do you like about movies?
How many cinemas do Ethiopians have?
Will the upcoming movie 'Tiger Zinda Hai' save Katrina's career?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Who's a better film director, Clint Eastwood or Martin Scorsese?
Why are Republican actors essentially getting blacklisted in Hollywood?
How come The Godfather be as original as when it first came out?
What's the last movie you paid money to see and didn't regret afterwards?
Is Dangal the best movie in India?
What are some of the best time-travelling movies you have seen? Would you recommend them to everyone who loves these kinds of movies?
Why can’t movies like Inception be made in Bollywood?
What would happen if John Rambo went to Mayberry?
Can short clips from movies and TV series be uploaded on Facebook?
Why don't Indian directors make superhero movies based on the characters of the Raj Comics?
If Shah Rukh Khan is the biggest movie star in the world, then why don't his movies break the all-time collection records?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
Why are mainstream films so average these days? Hear me out.
What are the great movies that were made on the basis of psychology, a quest for the meaning of life, love, travel around the world, etc.?
Who is the real hero of the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
Considering negative criticism, can you point out any positive/enjoyable elements in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
What is your favorite film series?
Will there be another part of Bahubali after the 2nd one? I saw a book of Bahubali that was based on ancestors of Amerendra Bahubali.
If you ever make a movie, what genre would it be?
Which movie is very suspicious?
What is the list of old songs used in the movie Meri Pyaari Bindu?
What is the latest movie series?
What is the one thing you got out of the movie "Into the Wild"?
Which movie made you to change and how?
What are the best lines from any movie?
Which is best website to download Hollywood movies in dual language and in HD?
Has someone won an Oscar for an action movie?
Can I watch my downloaded movies on Chromecast?
What are some movie myths that sound true but are actually totally wrong?
S.S. Rajamouli and Shankar are Hollywood-level directors​, while other filmmakers are not. The latter just do routine movies. Why?
Why is the movie called Cast Away?
How is a orbital strike carried out in Star Wars?
What are the most memorable action comedies movies so far?
How does a censor official confirm that animals used in film shooting were not harmed?
Which one provides the best Tollywood gossip?
Should I watch upcoming Marvel show, The Gifted on Fox?
Is there something like Gossip Girl in real life?
What is Ridley Scott's opinion on James Cameron's Aliens?
Why do people say that Vin Diesel is a bad actor? Is he a bad actor? Does he play his roles in a dumb way?
Is there a more bitterly ironic statement at the end of a movie than the words at the very end of My Own Private Idaho’s “Have a Nice Day”?
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What is it like being an actor?
What do you think about the Tamil film Varanam Aayiram? I need an answer from Neil Menon (if you saw this movie).
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Is there any director in India who can truly compete SS Rajamouli?
Why is there no movie based on the novel Call of the Wild in the 21st century?
Is the Hollywood film industry a sophisticated CIA front?
I recently watched The Guardians of the Galaxy 2 after reading some negative reviews that, I think, were baseless.Can someone with the same view help?
Which are SRK’s good movies?
Is the new Harry Potter movie going to arrive in 2018?
Where can I watch Sholay 3D?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
When do Tamil youngsters avoid fighting for cinema actors?
In the end of the movie IT, how can a powerful ancient creature be killed by being hit with a rock and then toppled to the side like a cow?
What are your top ten macho, manly movies?
In how many films have Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan worked together?
Amidst speculations about Wonder Woman's opening, how much do you think the movie will make? Will it be a critical and a box office success?
What are upcoming Hindi movies in August 2017?
Can you suggest the top 5 movies that are able to motivate a student?
How do I download movies from my phone?
Which film will you watch this weekend: Half Girlfriend or Hindi Medium?
What do we get out of the movie "Hindi Medium"?
In Trolls, wasn't it crazy that the trolls kept having huge parties? Wasn’t this a huge plot flaw in the movie?
Is the upcoming Death Note movie going to hit movie theaters or only Netflix?
Indian movies are not thought-provoking. Do you subscribe to that view?
How do you get subtitles on online videos?
Why are homosexuals shown always as a caricature in Bollywood movies?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
Why should the so called Bollywood stars be paid a fortune for displaying their vulgarity on the big screen?
I want to ask a company to sponsor a short film project (and I have an idea how it could promote their brand). How do I approach them?
Is it possible for the 2004 movie "The Day After Tomorrow" to actually happen?
Since Baahubali is made in two languages, Tamil and Telugu, does it mean that all of the scenes were shot twice?
Is it weird that I watch movie reviews after I have watched the movie?
Which video game based movies do we hope to see in the future?
What are the best world movies torrent sites to download?
What movies are so strange as "Terribly happy"?
Are 3D glasses included?
How big does an actor need to be to get their own trailer?
What did you like about A Dog's Purpose?
Which is the best website for downloading all types of movies?
Which Emma Watson movies are available in Hindi?
What are some songs on Lord Shiva featured in movies of any language (something like Kochadaiyaan and Bahubali)?
Which action movie(s) have the most accurate and realistic portrayals of gun fights?
Where can I find out more about the movie Interstellar?
Are Indians films being shot in Pakistan?
If you happen to direct a movie in the future, what would be its theme?
Is it advisable to watch English movies and listen to English songs to learning English?
Are there any seriously good sci-fi or action/thriller novels that have not won any major awards nor have been adapted to screenplays?
Have you ever seen a movie that simultaneously displays subtitles in multiple languages?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
What is the English song used in OK Jaanu (Hindi movie) during the wedding scene at the church?
Who would win a fight between John Wick and Agent 47?
What movies should I watch to improve my British English?
Which is the best torrent site for Hollywood movies downloads?
Which is the best horror movie?
What are the strangest, weirdest movies ever made?
What are the key ideas and examples seen in the film Slumdog Millionaire?
Are Bollywood movies released in English abroad?
Which Indian director has directed the most number of films?
Which movie makes you feel happy?
What do westerners think about Bahubali movies?
What are Tamil films’ selling methods?How is the profit calculated?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
What did you learn from the movie Arya 2 (Allu Arjun)?
How would you rank the MCU film villains?
In Star Trek: The Voyage Home, did the Eugenics Wars still occur in the 1960s?
What is the name of the Spanish song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene where Toretto and his wife were in their bedroom?
What happened at the end of Lost?
How do I greenlight the next Cloverfield sequel?
How do you feel about the new replacement terminal coming to the Hollywood Burbank Airport?
Can anyone give me link of bahubali 2 HD movie?
What is the title of the movie where they sneak and stole money in lloyds bank?
What film or TV shows have the most badly dated CGI and special effects?
Is Bahubali 2 the only superhit and blockbuster movie in Hindi cinemas to cross 1000 crores?
Will there be a spin off movie for The Lord of the Rings?
What was Wes Anderson like in college?
What is the language of the film Sachin Tendylkar?
Where would Roger Moore rank among the actors who played James Bond?
Is the work atmosphere shown in the movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” accurate?
Do you think Logan (2017) deserves an Oscar or at least a nomination?
Where can one find some movie critiques for the movie Gandhi by Richard Attenborough?
Do you have the Hindi dubbed version of the Telugu movie Happy Days?
Can somebody tell me from where I can download the Armistice (2013) movie?
What makes films to win Oscars?
What are the other short films Nolan directed apart from "The Following"?
How would Yareal Poof's story, the Robot Chicken version, fit into Star Wars canon?
Which takes more man-hours, an animated film or a non-animated film?
Which are the must watch thriller movies that provide tense moments from beginning to the end, intelligent and well made, from the movies since 2000?
How many people like the film Baahubali 2?
What is the best ever torrent site to download any movie or app?
Is The Godfather the greatest movie ever?
What is so special about the film Forrest Gump?
Who is the mother of Bhadra (Bhallala Deva’s son) in Baahubali?
Is Bahubali 2 the greatest movie in Indian cinema?
What are some of the problematic behaviors in relationship being presented as romantic and/or declaration of love in media?
What became of Lion's Saroo's 2 brothers, Mantosh and Sadhu? The film doesn't answer that.
Is talent a must in screenwriting? What are the core elements to be a good screenwriter?
Which is the best Kolkata movie theatre: Inox Quest or Cinepolis Acropolis?
Where can I watch Dandupalya with English subtitles?
How do people differentiate good or bad from an actor/actress's acting skills?
I want to download movies with English subtitles. Can you suggest the best way to download them?
What do you think about the ending of Alien: Covenant?
Has anyone not watched Baahubali 1?
How many polycount per character is reasonable for making pre-rendered 3D movie?
How does an actor/actress' partner feel about them regularly having to kiss other people?
Is Don Johnson a good or bad actor?
Does anyone recognize the beauty of the first frame of “Guardians of the Galaxy” on the IMAX 3D screen, where Ego's character drove off of the fields?
What are your favourite rom-com movies?
In the film industry, is the best boy a gaffer or a (key) grip?
Why is John Wick such a kick ass movie?
Assuming it was properly licensed, would it be better for the web as a whole for people to stream a Netflix movie or download via torrents?
How do I download Hollywood movies in one click?
Are there any good WWII based movies?
What is the journey of the movie industry in the US?
What is your review of “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” (2017 movie)? Is the mage in the movie related to Merlin?
Why does Brad Pitt only make war movies?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
Why is it considered to be a bad thing for people who are rich or influential to finance their own movies?
Are there any movies in Hollywood and Bollywood which is based on a narcissist?
What is your opinion about the upcoming movie of actor Jeeva?
Why has Bahubali 2 become a blockbuster movie?
What is the reason behind Magadheera's failure and Baahubali's immense success?
What is your most favorite European sci-fi film?
How many Indian actress worked in Hollywood?
What is the Pirates of the Caribbean chronology?
On which site should I download Japanese movies with English subtitles?
Are some war strategies and fighting techniques shown in the Bahubali movie series copied from other movies?
What do you think about the character of Divyanka Tripathi, a popular television actress?
KickassTorrents used to be a good site for Afrikaans movies. Is there anywhere else?
What are the best Tollywood photoshoots?
How can I go in Bollywood?
Is there footage of Jackie Chan in a real competition?
Why are recent Kannada movies using names or references to hit movies or legendary personalities’ names?
Do the Baahubali movies have some connection with South India's history, or are these works of pure fiction? Was there a kingdom named Mahishmati?
Why has JYK (condors369) stopped uploading movies on thepiratebay.org?
Why are people angry about Joss Whedon directing the Batgirl movie?
Bahubali 2 was a disappointment. Am I alone to think so?
Will Jimi Hendrix Live at the Royal Albert Hall ever be released on film officially?
How can I download Korean movies with my phone legally free online?
What is your favourite collaborative, award-winning animated movie? Why?
You are forced to watch the same movie every day of your life. Which one would you choose?
In Star Wars, would it be possible for a boarding party to capture a Star Destroyer by holing up in one room and then decompressing the rest of the ship?
What is your review of Hindi Medium (2017 movie)?
Which upcoming 2017 summer movie will be successful in the box office?
If you could go back and remake or rewrite any movie franchise, which would you choose and what changes would you make?
What does Bollywood think about the Southern film industries after “Baahubali” and “Robot” franchises?
Does The Circle (movie) have a happy ending?
Why didn't John Carpenter and John Mctiernan get more success?
Why is Baahubali so hyped and has become a symbol of Hindu nationalism rather than just being another Indian movie?
In Die Hard (1988 film), what would have happened if the police had entered the building through the parking garage?
Is John Wick a superhero character?
Where can I find the movie “Machine” (2017)?
Which is the movie that made you most emotional?
What are some of the best underrated sci-fi horror films?
What do you think of the movie 'A Dog's Purpose’?
What are some entertaining old sci-fi/ fantasy movies?
What do most Americans think about the actresses who go nude in movies?
Who's the most talented Indian male actor? (Not necessarily from Bollywood)
Is there any link to download the Rudramadevi Telugu movie?
Do I need to watch the Sherlock movie before series 3?
Can you explain the ending of Interstellar (2014)?
How do you think Baahubali 2 will fare in China?
What is the box office collection of Sarkar 3 (2017 movie)?
What is a good movie for a child?
Who was the worst villain of all time?
If your life were a movie, would you let your parents watch it?
How can I play a DVD movie on my laptop after the chances remaining to change the region have been exhausted?
Why I'm unable to find Hindi dubbed version of Hollywood movie Moonlight(2016)?
How much do the cars used in movies like Fate of the Furious cost?
Why do people watch Salman Khan's movies if they hate him so much?
Why, in TV serials or film, can't we see the cameras in front of mirrors, and which effect is this?
How dirty is Kolkata film industry?
Which are the website that gives genuine reviews to movies?
Who are the Zygerrians in Star Wars?
Which was Tollywood’s first movie?
What accent does Alex in A Clockwork Orange have?
How many cars were actually destroyed during the filming of the movie "Fast and Furious 8"?
What are the most touching scenes in Baahubali 2?
Do people actually have sex in movies scenes?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for half girlfriend Hindi movie?
Which is the best "Beauty and the Beast" film, Hollywood version or French version?
What is the least believable thing about the Pirates of the Carribean series?
Does the USA make the best TV shows/movies in the world? Why or why not?
What is an audition for a movie like?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
As shown in the movie 'Mohenjo Daro,' were the first settlers of the Gangetic plains Harappan people or invading Aryans?
What is one Movie you will absolutely love to watch in Cinema hall if released again?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
What was the actual motive behind Bel and Genesis's torture game in the movie Knock Knock (2015)?
Who are the five tallest characters in Baahubali?
Which cinema provides the best 3D experience in Chandigarh?
Did Prabhas suit the role of Baahubali?
As an American, to what extent can you relate to "The US" as depicted in Hollywood movies?
What is Miller's Planet in Interstellar?
Is there a certain way and format to write a movie script, or do you just have to get ideas on paper?
How can I make it to Bollywood?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2?
Can I make a good movie and launch it in Indian cinemas with 5 cr as the budget?
Which website gives the latest movie news?
What is the best channel on Roku for old movies?
To what extent will Baahubali (Part 1 and Conclusion) change the trend of the movies in Bollywood?
What's the best film/developer combo for enlargements?
What's it like, as an actor, to play a character that's supposed to be a bad actor?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
What is the best movie you have ever seen? What did you take advantage of?
In which film MKT and P.U.Chinappa acted together?
Did they ever find the little boy depicted in the film Changeling?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
What is an explanation for the ending of "The Vatican Tapes"?
What is the Telugu dialogue spoken by Dhanush in the Padikkathavan movie?
How does the movie soundtrack financial process work?
Now that Extratorrent is gone, where can I find movie releases from releaser groups like DDR, DUS, TeamOS etc?
What are the procedures required if a YouTube channel wants to upload a clip that consists of short clips from many movies? How do we get permission for this?
What are some reactions to the trailer for 'Super Singh'?
Why is it that every time in scary slasher films the girl always runs back into the house/cabin where the slasher dude is?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
What are the most important chapters that have been asked in MU OET 2017 till now?
Why is Michael Cera such a bad actor?
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
Is there any movie about Galileo or Copernicus?
What do movie critics think about Bahubali 2?
Movies and TV series depict death as being very quick to come after a single sword cut. Is it possible to die immediately after being cut by a sword?
What are some movies that are similar to The Great Wall?
What do psychopaths think about the movie "American Psycho"?
Do actors and actresses really sing in the movies? I recently watched the new live action "Beauty and the Beast" and was amazed by the vocal talent.
How does one go about making a documentary about their life?
How many cars got crashed in all Fast and Furious movies?
If you could watch only one movie before you die, which one would it be, and why?
Would it be possible for a movie to come out today and then be widely considered the greatest of all time 5 years from now?
Have you ever told a talker in a cinema while you were watching a film to STFU?
What gear do I need to become a film composer?
How do directors shoot compilations in Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch and download the movie Fairy Tail Dragon Cry?
What does it say about a person's personality whether or not they enjoy horror movies?
If Bahubali 3 is ever made, then what will be the story?
What are the shows in the West where Hollywood actors are called for interviews?
Can a music video be classified as a short film?
How do I download the movie “Half Girlfriend”?
Is it hard for an Asian to get roles in Hollywood? If so,why?
Is there an alternate reality as mentioned in sci-fi movies and shows?
Where can I watch the American drama Lie to Me with English subtitles?
What are some movies that wouldn't be able to be made today?
Why is Roger Stone admitting to all his trickery in the documentary on Netflix?
I watched Logan and I heard it is a story. What should I watch for the story?
How much do top Hollywood costume designers earn per film?
Are Baahubali 1 & 2 modified versions of the old Kannada movie Mayura (Dr. Rajkumar)?
Can I use movie quotes in my movie blog?
Where can I download Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch The Seventh Seal (1957) with English subtitles?
If you were to make a movie with any actor but the only advertisement the movie would get was the name of the lead actor, who would be your lead?
Dangal has grossed 1500 crores worldwide. How much will Aamir Khan earn as the producer of this film?
What is the most believable thing about Star Wars?
Is it true that some deities who are worshipped in some parts of India were actually created by a movie?
How are the names of characters determined for movies and TV?
In X-Men: Apocalypse, why was Apocalypse betrayed in the start?
In which Korean-dubbed films has Korean voice actor Ja-Hyeong Gu voiced Denzel Washington?
Was Star Wars originally meant to promote theocracy and religious extremism?
What does it mean when Spock says that Khan “exhibits 2-dimensional thinking” in “Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan”?
Why are movies like American Pie so popular?
Where will Desi Digital Releasers (DDR) post its movies since extratorrent has shut down permanently?
Does anyone have a hangover from Baahubali: The Conclusion? I am awestruck and completely smitten by the characters of the movie. Does anyone feel the same?
What is the difference between Indian style of Cinema making and that of Hollywood?
Which Hollywood movie is the most sexual of the thriller movies?
Now that Bahubali: The Conclusion has been released, what do you think is a good way to extend the story for part 3?
What is the Chinese opinion on the American film “American Sniper” (2014)?
I am 17. I watched all the Harry Potter movies and I absolutely adore them. Am I too old to read the books? Should I do it?
I liked Befikre, is something wrong with me?
What is the name of a film about a "club", possibly starring James Spader?
Does the movie "No Men Beyond This Point" intend to have a prolife message?
Why are people making such a big deal out of Jennifer Lawrence's strip pole video?
Why are there so many bad reviews of Bahubali 2 on IMDB?
What are some highly popular movies or shows that are racist?
How do I download the full audio track for “Commando 2” movie in Hindi?
What major or course should I take to become a video/short film maker?
Where can I find the latest Indian movie DVD releases and dates?
How we can get the new Sarrainodu movie in Hindi?
What are one or more of your favourite taglines in cinematic history?
What is the number one thing that makes a movie good?
Is there a website or an app where I can make a list of already watched series and movies?
What made Sivagami egoistic in “Bāahubali 2”?
When will “Baahubali 2” be released in China?
What was James Cameron's reasoning behind the last scene in Titanic with Jack, Rose and everyone clapping?
Why is Good Will Hunting so highly rated?
What is your worst Disney movie?
Is there any Harry Potter movie after the last one (Deathly Hallows)?
What are some events that show the true power of the internet?
What is the climax of Inception?
Is there a standard time limit for an Indian feature film that is a well-known short feature film?
Is there any Indian movie available which may replace Baahubali’s popularity?
How does the main character in Cast Away change over time?
Why does Kannada cinema fail to compete with neighboring industries? Is there a problem with the quality of the movies, or is it their marketing strategy?
In the movie Baahubali, are there any mysteries unsolved?
Is the film "Split" a realistic depiction of split personality disorder?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
Do actors own what they buy when shooting a scene that involves shopping?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
What are the best movies in 2017?
Being an Indian filmmaking student, how can I land a job in Hollywood production houses?
What are 18+ horror Hollywood films?
What is the reason for the movie Suryavansham being aired on Set Max for so long and in so-called regular intervals?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
What are some of the most WTF movies you've seen—anything from thriller, to gore, to plot twist?
What are your thoughts on Baahubali becoming a pan-Indian movie?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
What did you think about Titan AE movie?
What are the best spiritual movies?
Is it possible to team up with Steven Spielberg to make a cartoon?
What skills are required for creating an animated movie?
What are some violent PG 13 movies?
How can I make a hero in Bollywood?
In the movie Silence, since Andrew Garfield apostatized their Lord, why did he still have the Jesus symbol with him in the end of the movie?
Will they ever defeat Thanos in a Marvel movie? If so, who will defeat him?
What are some Hollywood movies with the most ridiculous Hindi Dubbing?
Is it okay to upload 4 to 5 years old movie in YouTube?
Why were the names changed in the movie Big Short, but not in the book?
How does having sex for a film affect your feelings as an actress?
How can I download a movie on its release date?
What is the one movie you'd suggest to someone who is really depressed?
What's with all the movies that are adapted from books? Are they always bad to those who read the novel beforehand?
Is the Kannada movie "Hollywood" a good Indian movie, considering its release date?
How do you compare Baahubali 2 to Hollywood movies?
Where was the name Kaliyuga derived from?
What are your top 10 books/movies/games/songs this year?
What is the best Online Movies site in Brazil?
How do I sell a story to Hollywood?
Where would the Fast and Furious franchise be today if Paul Walker was still alive?
In a sexual scene, are the actors truly naked?
Why should we watch film?
How can I download a movie on mobile with less size?
How can I watch an R-rated movie in the theaters?
Is a movie about Sachin Tendulkar necessary?
Which scene in Baahubali 2 gave you goosebumps?
What is that movie called where people are all the same and get their lives chosen (like their jobs and families)?
Why are British actors used so often in roles that are of different nationalities?
What is it like to imagine yourself in the body of a character/actor when you are watching a film and relating to other characters in the film?
Which is the best Punjabi movie in 2017?
When Europeans dub English language films, do they use particular accents? How about Japanese and Chinese films?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
When will any Indian film cross $1 billion?
What are some good unblocked free movie sites?
Which are the best South Korean movies one should definitely watch (only thriller, horror, gangster and revenge genre)?
Which is the best Disney movie in Hindi dubbed?
If you had 200 million dollars, which Indian director would you choose to direct a movie in your production?
In Secret Window, who didn't feel sorry for Mort’s wife Amy when he killed her and her boyfriend Ted?
What is a couple movie ticket voucher?
Where can I watch New Girl with English subtitles?
What are the top 10 Bollywood movie collections of 2017?
Do I need to know the actual story of Dunkirk evacuation before watching the movie?
Is there anyone who is interested in cinematography?
What is Bahubali 2 earnings?
Where are the scenes set in Russia actually filmed?
What are some Indian movies which everyone should see at least once?
Which was the better decade for movies, comics, games, and music geeks, the 80s or the 90s?
After the Baahubali movie, is Indian​ cinema famous across the world?
Do you stand up at the movie theatre when the national anthem plays? What’s your view on it?
Where can I see a trailer for the new abc show for the people?
What should I do to get rid of imagining Bollywood characters?
How often are movies remade by different studios?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
What should I do if I am more interested in the film industry than in doing job in IT ?
Which actor/actress do you think is great but keeps on getting mediocre roles?
Which are the movie dowloading/streaming sites banned in Germany? Does anyone know if DDLValley is legal or not?
Why are there almost no good German movies except for Nazi movies?
How many actors have released actual nude videos?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is the Hindi movie “Dangal” such a runaway hit with the Chinese audience?
Are there any 2-disc editions of the extended versions of The Hobbit films? As in, just the films, no other bonus discs.
What movie or TV show has sparked genuine conversation between you and your child?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
Are there any Indian Quorans who haven't watched Baahubali 2 yet and are waiting for the release on TV, Blu-ray or Netflix?
Why do more people on Quora follow the topic Movies than the topic Books?
Why do people still watch and enjoy the new Fast and Furious films?
Which upcoming Netflix movies/TV series are you most excited about?
What are the most well known movie quotes of all time?
What makes getting into Hollywood so hard?
Why shouldn't we take Afghanistani actors instead of Pakistani actors?
Are there Tollywood movies on a Qatar flight?
How good and reliable is a bachelor’s in the film and television department of KIIT?
Who is the worst movie actor, who is considered a star?
What movies should I watch to learn everything about Batman?
Who could be the best cast if Malayalam movie "Premam" is remade in Hindi?
Did the movie “Zero Dark Thirty” change your perception about enhanced interrogation techniques?
Is it possible to copy JIO movies saved on phone to a laptop or PC?
How many of you think Bollywood songs are better than Hollywood?
How do I download or watch the new Indian movie Half Girlfriend 2017 online?
Who are the best aunties of Bollywood?
Will the Book of Atlantic Movie be showing in American theaters? If so, which regions?
Why does the Baahubali 2 movie have only a 1-star review on top on IMDb?
When will the Kirik Party DVD be released?
What are Jason Bourne's (movie) personality traits?
What do you want to see in a movie (+- 1 minute) that promotes the traditional Italian coffee culture?
Is there an example of a complicated scene that failed to shoot because of its complexity?
If you could switch the soundtracks of 2 different movies with each other, which movie soundtracks would you switch?
Why has "Last of the Breed" by Louis L'Amour never been made into a movie? This is probably one of the best adventure novels of all time.
With several story ideas for screenplays, should I write the treatment first or just dive into the screenplay? And why am I so terrified to start?
Which movie does Jackie Chan act in, where in one of the scenes, someone tries to take a box out of the great wall of China, destroying it?
What motivation does Disney (or any studio) have to continue making animated shorts?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What are the similarities between the epic Indian independence movement and the movie Bahubali?
What is the best HD movie downloading site?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
Why do I feel weird after watching an anime for the first time?
What factors lead to Baahubali’s success at the box office?
Is is possible to temporarily buy/rent rights to show a new film at a community event?
Was Groot a baby in the comics, or was that only in the movies?
Would it be a good idea for Mickey Mouse to get his own movie?
Is there any movie in Tamil that is better than Raavanan?
Should I worry about what age I "make it" in the entertainment industry as a writer, comedian, filmmaker, or actor? I fear that the age you make it at, matters.
Is the Baahubali movie vaguely based on Chandragupta Maurya?
When will Leo's fortune 2 come out?
Why do synthetics (androids) in the Alien universe grow hair?
What are some coolest movies ever made?
What are best horror and action movies of Hollywood to watch on YouTube free of cost?
(Spoilers welcome) What films contain textbook narcissistic characters? (Give a detailed answer, and name the characters.)
Why is “Baahubali 2” a tight slap on money-minded Bollywood?
What are the signs that prove that Bahubali 3 will be released?
What are the best medieval battle scenes involving cavalry?
What is a list of the best movies with fighter dogfights or involving air warfare?
What is the difference between "Films" and "Movies" when we use these words to denote cinema?
Will a biopic ever be made on a common person?
What do you think are the flaws in Kiccha Sudeep's film career?
Where can I download Bollywood movies for free?
What do teens think today when they see teen movies from the 1980s?
Where was the 1996 "The Nutty Professor" film set in?
Which are the most expensive movies ever produced in India amongst all time?
Did the 1976 movie Network predict the rise of Donald Trump?
How do producers collect money from cinemas?
How can I become an actor in the Tamil cinema in a hero’s role?
What could have prompted Autumn Snyder, the loving daughter of one of the most famous directors of the world, Zack Snyder, to commit suicide?
What is the name of the song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene, where Toretto was with his wife in the room?
Why do some people think that Sangamithra is going to be an utter flop?
Why does almost, if not every, movie have a black and white checkered floor in it somewhere? Many TV shows have that floor, too.
Why is Rana's look different in the first and second Baahubali movie?
Where I can buy the cap Arjun (Dulquer Salman) wears in the Bangalore Days movie? It's more like a beanie but open on both the ends.
What caused so many sex slaves after the fall of the Soviet Union?
Will La La Land be the last truly amazing movie musical?
Is there a Lucrezia Borgia Le Castellane (or similar movie) uncensored?
Who should I contact for exclusive movie footage for trailer productions?
If some American series are neither broadcasted in my country nor subtitled in Netflix, how am I supposed to watch them legally?
Which is the best part or scene of the movie, Kung Fu Panda 2?
Star Wars: Did Vader ever laugh after being put in his suit?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
Why is the Hindi version of Drishyam so different?
Which is the highest grossing Bollywood movie in Tamil Nadu?
What are the best English social movies?
Which is the worst movie you paid to watch in this year?
Is there any app to download movies?
Can Gordon Miller watch a film and work? I read that he has ADD and he’s able to multitask very well.
What does HDTC quality means in pirated movies?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
Which is the best Hollywood horror movie in 2015?
How likely are we to create artificial intelligence like in the movies (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ex Machina)?
Who voiced Devsena in the Tamil version of Bahubali?
In the Silence movie, when Andrew Garfield apostatized against their Lord, why in the end of the movie did he still have Jesus’ symbol?
What role is Ice Cube suitable for in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Are there any movies directed in Pak which are India friendly, like the way we have Bajrangi, Veer-Zaara, and Happy Bhaag Jayegi? Haters stay away.
How can YouTubers change into a movie star?
Why are prequels made?
What is the highest grossing Hindi movie in Tamilnadu?
Why does Mahendra Bahubali strip Avantika?
How can I download an HD version of the movie Baahubali 2?
What are your five favorite movies and why did they make such a impression on you?
Is there a comic book or novel prequel to the movie “X-Men: Days of Future Past”?
Is Trolls a good movie?
Was the Warren story a report or a transcription from Alice in Wonderland?
Will Baahubali 2, after reaching 1000+ crores, make another sequel?
How can I search a director’s biography on Bloomberg (i.e., all the directors in FTSE 250 all together)?
Why didn’t the movie “Hamari Adhuri Kahani” hit box office?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
What is the phone used in John Wick 2?
Why have some Bollywood singers shifted from Bollywood to South Indian films to Ad films?
When popular music is used in movies, would it be "used with permission"?
Where can I watch Velvet season 4 with English subtitles?
Why do I seem to enjoy films of the 80s and 90s as compared to the 2000s and 2010s?
Who is the worst female protagonist in a Tollywood movie?
Which is the new historical Bollywood film?
What is one observation you made but nobody has mentioned so far on Quora about Baahubali 2?
Are dangal box office figures in China real?
Seeing his performance in Masaan and Aankhon Dekhi, can we say that Sanjay Mishra is a better actor than Naseeruddin Shah or Om Puri?
What is your opinion on superhero movies being one of the most popular genres right now?
Are all foreign movies required to be dubbed in Japanese cinemas?
What are the most well known movie quotes?
How do I find an investor for a very promising horror short film?
How can I rip and put DVD movies on Nabi tablets?
What is the difference between documentary and docudrama?
Was the Malayalam movie Urumi as appreciated as it should have been?
Is there any other song similar/related to Tujhse Naraaz Nahi Zindagi from the movie Masoom?
What is the best free website for streaming Hindi movies?
What is the butter flavoring at the movie theaters made of?
What was the best movie you have ever seen in 2016?
What are the best websites for Tollywood cinema?
Is it true in China you can download recent western movies legally and for free?
Will X-23 appear in X-Men: The New Mutants (2018)?
Why is it that in movies/TV series good-hearted characters are mostly to be the first to get screwed or killed? Does this have a hypothetical meaning?
What is your favourite thing about hunting?
How do films like Silence or Colossal get made where it seems like the studio has no intention of making a profit?
Which is the best Indian film in terms of money earned?
The way Hollywood depicts the CIA, is it somewhat realistic at all?
Are Indian people very excited for the movie "Sachin: A Billion Dreams"?
Why do established actors sometimes do nonsensical movies?
What is a possible mechanism of gada (mace) for Bhallaldev in Baahubali?
If you could change one thing about your favourite movie/game/book, etc., what would it be?
How many actors have won both an Oscar and a Razzie?
Have you seen any movies about the Vietnam war? How true-to-life are they?
How is 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun' the biggest hit of Indian cinema when adjusted for inflation?
What are some movies or books related to being single? (Like 500 days of summer)?
What movies have Marvel actors Co-starred in together outside of the MCU?
Where can I find a complete list of songs from the movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword?
Which actors and actresses deserve the accolades if there were no politics in the Academy Awards (or any awards)?
What is the deal with YouTube videos that say "Full Movie" but then open to a screen saying the film is copyrighted?
Why, in the Wizard of Oz film, does nobody see Dorothy as a killer?
How many people like to watch action movies?
What are the best Korean films to watch as a foreigner?
What should happen in the Batgirl movie?
How many MB would it take to watch a normal Bollywood movie?
If you had 1 month to live, what movies and TV shows would you watch? Why?
In Diamonds Are Forever, why was Plenty O'Toole on her way to see Tiffany Case just before she ended up in the pool with a weight around her feet?
Which elements are necessary for making a film?
Is the Sequel star wars trilogy essentially rewriting the Thrawn storyline?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
Why does movie music have a higher sound level than the dialogue?
In which movies was John Wayne named Duke?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
What are some calming pictures with horrifying backstories?
When a film has 10 producers, do they expect different things or the same thing from the film?
How does a guy enter the adult film industry?
What would the Star Wars Rebels characters look like if it was live action?
Does Russia have any Red Dawn type movies showing an American invasion?
In which film did a nun bobblehead appear in a car? It might have been in any of Tarantino’s films, or films like that.
What is a script in acting?
How do I get my screenplay made in the Tamil film industry?
Why is the language used in movies hard to understand?
Which are the best sites to download new Hindi movies?
What guns does John Wick use throughout the film?
How do you feel about a Deadpool/moonknight team up Marvel movie?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
Which is the best website to watch online Telugu movies?
Do you also think Tom Hardy was a better actor than Leonardo Dicaprio in The Revenant?
How you see YouTubers who talk about events, games or themselves in front of camera and guys who do the same in form of good looking short films?
What are some must watch movies like those of Takovsky's?
Why is the Pakistani media mocking the Baahubali movie?
Is there any Tollywood movie which includes natural fighting scenes?
Why are Christians trying to ban books and movies like Harry Potter and His Dark Materials from the general public?
Doesn’t all of this introverted intuition and INFJ stuff resemble a movie about Stephen King's book, 1408?
Are there movies depicting real martial arts?
Will I most likely be successful if I major in film production?
What was the largest scale tank battle and has any movie captured a scale tank battle well?
In the movie "The Purge," why is murder the default offense?
Are film actors given too much intellectual space in India?
What was your reaction after the trailer for Guest in London?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are some trivia about one of your favourite movies?
Why can't India make more innovative films? Is SS Rajamouli the only innovator India has?
Guys, we all know that we can download newly released Hindi and English movies from torrent sites. But how can I get newly released Bengali films?
Who is the second attacker in the movie, Memento?
Why did Turner fall in love with the mermaid?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
Will there be a brand new Spider-Man in the upcoming Venom Movie or no Spider-Man at all since this new Spiderverse is not related to the MCU?
Which is the best horror movie in recent days?
What's the best way to improve the cinematography in my films?
Which is the best comedy movies in Punjabi?
Are the conditions of actresses in the Bollywood film industry accurate to as they are portrayed in the Spotlight web series & Heroine movie?
Is it better renting movies from Redbox than buying them?
Is the character of Bahubali in the movie inspired by Arvind Kejriwal?
Why do people in movies tend to use their body as shield to protect someone who is about to get hit/shot?
Where is the best source to cast actors for low budget films?
How can I download the background music which was played in Baahubali 2: The Conclusion?
Which are the movies similar to Captain Philips and Non-Stop?
What are some of the Bollywood movies based on goal setting?
Which movie do you prefer, Captain America: Civil War or Marvel's The Avengers?
What do South Indians think when foreigners identify Baahubali as a Bollywood movie?
What can we expect from Baywatch (2017)?
Is the premise of the movie "God is NOT Dead" utterly ridiculous?
Which actors have done films free of cost in Bollywood?
Has Hollywood ever done a movie that was only made for 1 day?
Why can't we watch a good action movie without having to put up with obscene language?
Which are the must watch foreign films of recent times especially the Iranian and Korean?
How is the career of Anushka Shetty, who played Devasena in Baahubali 2?
Are the adverts/trailers shown in the beginning/interval of a movie included in the film reel?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
If James Bond was a girl what will her name be?
What are the evolutionary purposes of Ridley Scott's alien's bizarre anatomical structure and hostile behavior?
Is the HD print of Bahubali coming or not?
Is there a Hindi-dubbed movie of “Theri”?
How can I binge watch DC shows and movies? When did it really start?
Do I need to watch the previous Alien movies before I see Alien Covenant?
What was the point of the movie Draft Day?
Which is the best Hindi movie dialogue you have ever heard of?
Which was the best Tamil film ever?
What PG-13 movie should I watch?
How do I find publicity films?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
Why was Baahubali a huge hit, but Shivaay a flop?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
What is the reverse engineering of movie industry?
What makes you like epic movies?
How and where should I start if I want to start working in the film industry as a writer and director?
Will Prabhas’ upcoming film with Katrina be a success as nowadays films featuring Katrina are flopping?
What don't you like about Baahubali?
What song did Emad Etesami and Rana sing together in the Iranian movie The Salesman?
What is the most brilliant thing in a movie?
What can you do in a cinema that you can't do at home? You can watch a film on a big screen with a good surround system, so why even go to the cinema?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu films filled with overacting (dialogue), the objectification of women, and extreme heroism?
Was the Titanic movie a real life story?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What were some notable ripoff films that were released in the 1970's?
Who is the actress who played the role when Michael Corleone was in Italy? Why didn't she appear in any other movies?
In a movie/TV show, how does one strike a balance between having characters explain stuff for the viewer and not having them sound like idiots?
Who do you think can play Itachi Uchiha (Naruto) in a film?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
What bothers you the most about YouTube movie review shows?
What is so great about the Gadar movie?
What is the best date to date?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
Which Indian film industry does Raju Singh work in?
Is it possible to download movies legally?
Do you think we'll ever get a Daria sequel?
What are some things that can be done now to help me get into the film industry?
For what purpose would one go to a movie streaming app, other than for watching a movie or a show?
Why don't celebrities’ kids go to acting school before acting in films?
How much of the 1500 crores from Baahubali 2 goes to the producers?
Why do people easily trust strangers in movies but not in real life?
After a long day at work, how can I motivate myself to write my own TV shows and movies instead of napping and watching TV all evening?
How long does it take to film an episode?
Which is the best horror- thriller movie ever in Hollywood?
Have you ever written a movie script or novel without any planning, just to see where it goes?
Would you please rank the 007 movies from best to worst, including Never Say Never Again?
What are the countries, do not make movies?
What are the best anime series and/or movies I should watch? Only recommend ones you have watched and liked. It should be less than 50 episodes.
Are the equations all over the blackboards in movies like Good Will Hunting or Hidden Figures real or just made up for visual interest?
Which parts of 2012 (movie) were correct?
Where I found 1980's movies sample script?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
Have any villages been made famous by movies?
Where should I move to if I like the experience of seeing a movie at an old school movie palace?
Should we expect a movie based on "The Silmarillion" anytime soon?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
Will there be live action sequels to 2010 film "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time"?
Is it true that the new movie Beauty and the Beast was banned in Russia?
Who first made pani puri in India?
Can we, will we be able to, upload our conscienceness to a computer like in the movie Transcendence?
What are the do's and don't's in creating a villain in a movie?
How are scenes in ads, movies, etc. shot where empty streets or areas are shown?
Since war movies are better than real war and crime movies are better than real crime, are porn movies better than real sex?
Has your visits to the IMDb website and app decreased since they got rid of the message boards?
What Asian dramas or movies with gay male characters do you recommend?
Find movie un?
Has an Indian actress dubbed the voice for Saba Qamar in the movie Hindi Medium?
Which one do you think is the better, Baahubali or Dangal?
How do I get roles as an actor for plays/movies (anything)?
What are the best Hollywood movies made on railways background?
How could you call the trend to portray villains aestethically unpleasant?
Who would you cast as the Bride of Frankenstein in the 2019 remake?
Which movie is better: “Baahubali 2” or “Dangal”?
Am I required to turn in my 3D glasses at the end of a movie?
What is your reaction on the trailer of Hansal Mehta's 'Simran'?
How is the movie “Zombieland”?
How sucky are Baahubali movies?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
In the movies and television, why do gangsters, drug dealers and the like have minions that do their dirty work for them?
Why didn’t Bahubali kill Bijjaladeva in part 2?
Does it means that existential movies are realistic movies?
In the case of an emergency, like in the Martian movie, how much fuel and time is required to reach Mars via the shortest path?
As a foreign tourist in India, have you ever acted as an extra in a Bollywood movie? If yes, when and how?
What is the release date of Pirates of the Caribbean 5 in India?
What is a fast speed film?
If some deleted scenes are added back to Bahubali 2, will people go back to the theaters just to watch the added scenes?
Why is Diamonds are Forever not more highly regarded when it is clearly the second best Bond movie, after OHMSS?
How can I create an amazing script for a movie?
What are the top 10 movies on Netflix?
How dominating are male lead roles in films compared to female lead roles?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
What do you think about the new movie Jattu Engineer?
Which are some of the best action, thriller, suspense movies?
What exactly happened to the humanoid characters in Alien Covenant's flashback scene? Was this event what caused their extinction?
What did you feel after watching the movie "36 Vayathinile"?
Why can’t Jackie Chan be declared as James Bond?
Why is it that most Disney films Frank Welker is in, he only does vocal effects?
Why are American girls so sexualized on the media?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
Why is it always dark when the police come in, whether it's into a house or warehouse, in movies? Why don't they turn on the lights?
Why are Bahubali movies so overrated?
How did Shivgami Devi of the Baahubali movie series fail to sense her husband and son's conspiracy to kill Amrendra Baahuballi?
What movie or movies did Samuel Jackson not yell in?
What filters do Hollywood directors use to make their movies look great?
In the movie Monster Trucks, how did the creatures not explode?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
What life lessons can I learn from Pirates Of the Carribean series?
Where is the Baby Jen puppet used in The Dark Crystal?
What is the difference between Bollywood movies and daily soaps now?
Who does promotion for Bollywood movies?
In an old classic movie, there were the prank of an office worker, a coffee slogan, and the worker’s friends tricking him into thinking that he won money. Which movie is that?
Why hasn’t the Indonesian government taken down pirated movie stalls?
Have you enjoyed the meme scene of 2017 so far?
If all the young Tollywood and Kollywood superstars were to fight each other, who would win, and which particular actor would have the highest kill count?
What are the best things to do on a 2 hour date apart from movie?
What is the most iconic movie house?
Which is best update website for movie news?
What will they do to the costumes used by the cast of a film?
Who is Raju Garu in the Vangaveeti movie?
What is the best anime series/movie ever? Is it Dragon Ball?
What are the movies that inspire you?
Is it possible that a movie could hypnotize people?
Where can I watch My Secret Romance?
Can you tell me your MBTI type and your favorite movies?
Why is roaring used as a display of strength in movies?
How do I open a movie theater/cinema in Pakistan?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Why are DC movies doing so bad in the box office?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
What are some movies where CPR is used? (Movies after 2010)
What is your experience with writable whiteboard film?
Does Legends material in Star Wars belong to Disney as well as Canon?
Are Indian movies really better than Chinese movies?
Are the 90s Disney movies the greatest? Why or why not?
Can we compare Bahubali 2 with Hollywood movies?
What is that quote about cinema being about taking pictures of girlfriends?
Where can I find the correct site to download Armistice (2013 movie)?
What is the total collection of Baahubali 2?
What are the similarities between Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (2014 movie) and Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017 movie)?
Have there been instances where movies have tried to show the world a hidden truth subtly in its dialogues?
What is the best site to watch Movies for free without registration?
What was your reaction after watching Baahubali 2?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
Which website can one download the movie Bichumoo (Flying warriors) from? It's an old Korean movie
Did watching Tron give you a headache?
What is the best moment in your life till this date?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
Where can I download John Cena’s new 2017 movie?
What kind of performance in acting audition attracts the most to casting directors to get shortlisted?
What are your views on the movie “A Beautiful Mind”?
How did Baahubali 2 earn so much money all over the world, despite not being a mainstream Bollywood film and being a regional film?
Do you find the actor Baris Arduc attractive?
In the old Bonanza episodes, why is Hoss the only character with his own "theme" music?
What would they be like if the Baahubali series had been directed by Christopher Nolan?
How did they control the balloon in the 1956 movie, "The Red Balloon" directed by Albert Lamorisse?
What is the Westchester Incident in the movie Logan?
What Sci-fi movies should I watch? I don't watch movies but today I want to watch. What is the latest one?
Will the Harry Potter movies suffer more criticism over time for the lack of diversity in the cast?
Would Bahubali 2 earn 1000+ crore if the movie had not been hyped by the question, ‘Why did Katappa kill Bahubali?’
Which similar plot movies were released within a span of 5-6 years and were both successful?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu movies filled with overacting (dialogues), objectifying women and extreme heroism?
How do I download Hindi movie bàhubali 2?
Who do you think is the winner between Bahubali and Dangal?
Does Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood" remind you of Dave Brubeck's style?
While watching a movie scene of a boy crying after the death of his lover, I started to think about what I would have done in that situation. Why?
Why is low-budget Hollywood movie cinematography better than most of the Indian films?
How do I download movies in HD?
Where can I find books or movies about King James?
Where can I download "T2 trainspotting" movie in a good quality?
Where can I find the latest Hollywood movies with English subtitles?
How can I see the movie Kirik Party online?
What happened at the end of the movie Abzurdah?
How should I download the Marathi movie, Anvat, from the internet?
Why do low-budget movies not get enough credit in Indian cinemas?
How are movies projected today? What is the process by which a movie gets to the theater and then onto the screen?
Can I really have skills like a special agent in the movies, let's say Jason Bourne?
Do foreigners watch Indian movies in theatres?
After the end of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, will Peter Quill still be able to hold an infinity stone like in Vol. 1?
Was Anushka Shetty's performance in Baahubali 2 so much better than that of Tamanna Bhatia's?
Which is the comedy Bollywood movie that contains this dialogue "kesi behki behki baate karr rahe ho"?
Using which app can I make a movie out of videos?
What movie had the biggest impact on you and why?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
Are some movie stunts so dangerous that insurance companies either will not cover them, or the cover is too costly to buy?
How do I stream movies online without data?
How do TV and cinema compare as forms of entertainment?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
What are the best English language private torrent trackers for Chinese TV and movies?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
What is the difference between IMAX and 3D movies?
What do you think is the future of VFX in Indian cinema, with great films like Bahubali 2.0 and Bahubali? Can it compete with Hollywood in the coming times?
Is it really necessary to show sex scenes in movies? Can't they just show the actors in bedsheets, assuming they had it.
How is Dangal a Muslim movie and Baahubali a Hindu movie?
What is meant by a sequel?
Why are most filmmakers of TV and film documentaries about animals, science, religion, history, geography, etc., European, Australian, American, New Zealander, and Russian?
You are a movie director, you are shooting a robbery scene for your biggest movie project you've worked on so far, what would the scene look like?
What is the worst choreography in Hindi movies?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What are the facts that took Baahubali beyond the expectations?
How well would you fare if you were the main protagonist in your favorite horror movie?
Apart from 'themoviespoilers.com', are there any other known websites that publish complete spoilers for newly released movies?
Do you think the Star Wars remake for Space Mountain was kind of a waste?
What are some suggestions for some fantasy-adventure movies, TV shows and PC games?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
Why are only a few scenes in IMAX films shot with IMAX cameras?
Was Darth Vader`s part in the original movies expanded "on the fly"?
What does a script for a porno movie look like?
Are scenes of the movie Original Sin real?
Why is the “Nayak” movie of Anil Kapoor always showing on Zee Cinema?
How is the racial makeup of extras/people in very small roles in movies chosen?
Why didn’t James McAvoy win an Oscar or even got nominated for his acting in the movie Split?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Why does Hollywood prefer making prequels to sequels?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
Do directors in Hollywood say 'Light, Camera, Action'?
Even just for watching Blu-ray or even DVD movies, does a dedicated graphic card still give a better video performance than the internal graphic chip?
How do I create dual audio movies in CyberLink or Wondershare?
What do non-Indians think of Bahubali?
How come Dangal made so much money in China, without any promotional events at least?
If a biopic on Rahul Dravid is ever made, who should play him?
Are the portrayals of military engagement with transformers in Michael Bay's movies accurate and realistic?
Is there any movie / TV episode where a woman steps or stomps her high heel on a man's foot?
This summer is predicted to be an all time low for blockbuster box-office. Are Hollywood tentpoles just getting stale?
What movie character do you feel the most hate against?
How do I get a script in front of Angeline Jolie?
What anime movies would you suggest I watch?
How does any movie earn?
What are your views on the movie Maroon (2016), and its ending?
Why is musical not a popular movie genre as it used to be?
How is the 300 movie?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
Are Bollywood movies famous in China?
How difficult would it be to shoot a small short film at an Ikea store (aspiring filmmaker, very small production, no bigger than a 5 people crew)?
In the movie American Pie Beta House, why are Stifler and his friends called 'Betas' inspite of the fact that they arent beta males?
Is New York as great as films and TV make it out to be? And where did all the hype come from?
When does “The Princess Bride” take place?
In what movie did Arnold Schwarzenegger say "So why am I still alive?"
What do Pakistanis think about movies like Veer-Zaara, Gadar, Border, etc.?
Is “Jeepers Creepers” a scary movie?
Can you give a crappy description of your favorite book or movie?
Why has Hollywood not made any films on the Battle of Kohima?
What is your opinion about film director Priyadarshan?
Why was the movie No Smoking heavily panned by the critics?
What is the MBTI personality type of Amerandra Baahubali from the movie series Baahubali?
Why are so many television shows and movies produced in Georgia?
What does Stan Lee do with his money?
Which is the most direct movie on enlightenment?
Will Thanos kill Doctor Strange to get the Eye of Agamotto in Avengers:Infinity Wars?
If you had to choose just one movie for a new president, which one would it be, and why?
How do I get work as a Grip on a film or TV set?
How do actors behave if, after watching the opening of their film, they find that it is horrible? Do most actors see the whole film, or just some clips before the opening?
Why are the names of the lead roles in Titanic and lost the same?
Where do actors stay in Cannes?
Where can I get Bollywood new movies?
Is Manuel Kaminski from the novel Ich und Kaminski (Me and Kaminski) and its film adaptation based on a real person?
Did Baahubali 2 beat the box office collections of Aamir Khan's Dangal?
Who are some of the best set designers in modern film industry?
Was it ever explicitly stated how the Star Wars prophecy was told?
Why are there so many porn films where Indians are with Africans?
What are your thoughts on Tom Hardy playing Venom?
Are there any horror movies that have a serious theme?
What are some of the best looks from Cannes Film Festival 2017?
Why do some actors choose to go uncredited in movies?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
What is the perfect title for a short film based on the awareness of youngsters?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
How many short films do I need to make in order to get into the industry?
Where can I get Baahubali 2 on Blu-ray?
What are small details we might have missed in Malayalam movies, e.g. Maheshinte Prathikaaram?
In how many Indian movies has Shahid Afridi been mentioned? What movies are they?
Why are scientists not celebrated like movie industry stars in India?
How did you feel about Ghostbusters (2016)? Many people didn't like that the cast was all female.
Is the new movie 'Get Out' scary?
What did you think about Tom Felton's acting in all of the Harry Potter movies?
What is an example of a good documentary where the main scenes are of the narrator?
What are the top 20 must watch movies of all time?
How can I download the latest movies?
In the end of the movie 'The Prestige' which Borden survived?
Who is the best and most qualified director in Sonipat?
Where can I download Star Wars 8 right now (and what do you think about it)?
What is the path to becoming an actor in movies?
Is the Baahubali movie overrated?
Why do horror movies or television shows have sexual themes?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
Will there be other X-Men or Wolverine movies after Logan, X-Men: Dark Phoenix, etc?
Why are men always the main character?
What are some good emotional movies like "Innocent voices"?
Why is the “Kirik Party” movie overrated?
Which is better; Blade Runner, Akira, or The Matrix?
Does watching movies with English subtitles help people learn English and develop listening skills?
Which Korean actor is the best in 2017?
How will a Star Wars TV series surrounding the events of KoTOR be received?
What are the reasons behind the huge success of Bahubali 2?
Shouldn't the Indian filmmakers make a movie based on Operation Khukri in Sierra Leone? Who should that director be?
Is it a bad idea to watch Star Wars in episodic order? Would that make one like Star Wars less?
What is a website to look for movies to find only a scene from the movie, and not the complete movie?
In movies as well as television, in-coming mortars sound like artillery fire. Is this true or are they Hollywood sound effects?
What's the 70s movie where a second rate rodeo cowboy is hitch hiking and meets a girl in a Cadillac convertible?
Did they use a real tiger in the Life of Pi movie?
In the movies, why is it that when you see a back-of-head shot, the actor's mannerisms and movements are often out of sync with his/her dialogue?
Is The Ghazi Attack a rip-off of the Hollywood movie called USS Seaviper (2012)?
How can I stop someone from watching pirated movies?
What was the collection till yesterday of Baahubali 2?
What's so Indian about the movie series Baahubali?
Was there a dearth of good horror movies in the 1990s?
What was the quote at the end of Fast and Furious 7?
How can I watch any Hollywood movie with subtitles for free?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
Will making short films help to enter into the film industry?
When will the movie The Shack be in Redbox?
How do I download the Babu Baga Busy movie?
What is that one movie that you believe is the story of your life?
Why are films about Batman way more popular or successful than films about Spiderman?
Are American public schools as awful, rude, and ruthless as depicted in films (e.g., Mean Girls, 17 Again, etc.)?
Is there any chance that extended version DVDs of the Baahubali duology will be released in the near future?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
Whose anime movies do you enjoy watching more: Hayao Miyazaki's or Makoto Shinkai's?
What is the problem of some Egyptians with the best actor of their country, Adel Imam?
What is the box office collection for any movies?
How can I download Guardians of the Galaxy movie in a Tamil-dubbed version?
Can I sell an idea about an animation movie to Pixar?
Who is your favorite character in books and movies (local or foreign)? Why?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
What would a Batman movie look and feel like if it had an Avatar-like humungous budget?
What animation software was used in the Baahubali movie?
Is the 1991 remake of the movie “A Kiss Before Dying” better than the original one (1956)?
Are there any famous movie directors (any language) who were poor and had no movie background at all?
Will Superman return in the next Justice League movie?
Which is the most passionate and fulfilling romantic movie?
Is there more than one Darksaber in Star Wars?
Where can I watch the movie “Fair Tail: Dragon Cry”?
Is unconsciously mimicking some behaviors from your favorite movie characters only normal?
Can I kiss my girlfriend inside a movie theater?
What happens in the brain when someone no longer fears horror movies or roller-coasters?
Which are the most underrated horror movies you have ever seen? And which scared you the most?
Was Devasena raped by Bhallaldev?
Which other South movie is loved in the North other than the “Baahubali” series?
How do I start a website that streams new movies and sitcoms legally?
Where can I learn filmmaking and screenwriting online for free (with links, if possible)?
Which movie do you think you shouldn't have watched?
Can you think of films where one character is an idealist and the other is cynical/skeptical, and their roles are reversed halfway through?
Where was the movie Rebellious Flower shot?
Is there any way to register a movie script for free, without a Union card?
In the event of an apocalyptic breakdown of a government, would society truly devolve to chaos as we see predicted in movies & books?
Before YouTube was invented; could you watch movie trailers online?
What are some good movies about Hollywood actors besides Mulholland Drive?
Why is the Indonesian actor, Tania Gunadi, not as famous as Cinta Laura, even though Tania has starred in more films and TV series in Hollywood?
What are your favourite 10/10 Bollywood movies?
What are some of the best suspense Bollywood movies that I can watch on YouTube or Hotstar?
Which is the romantic movie that made you cry?
How can I find the movie about football club?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Do movie film crews get boners when shooting a sexy scene?
What is the best African movie you've ever seen?
Which novel was the basis for the Karnan movie that was released in the Tamil language and acted in by Shivaji Ganeshan?
Do you think there's a chance for a sequel for Spider-Man: Homecoming?
What are some things that you love about avant-garde films?
What other movies go with Suicide Squad, or is it a stand-alone movie?
Why do you think that Kaiser Haque is the best option for film reviews?
What films have the theme, "the same day recurs when the actor/actress awakes"?
Am I the only one who thinks Baahubali 2 is overrated and over hyped?
Which movies would fans of "The Mask" (1994) like?
Why didn't Weyland Utani send a bunch of Walters instead of a human crew?
Can I use a movie logo if I'm buying tickets for it?
What are the best mysterious Hollywood movies like 'The journey to the center of the earth'?
Where could I download new Kannada movies without torrent?
What secrets has the River Thames not released yet?
What is the most dumbest dance choreographed for a song to an actor or actress?
What are Roger moore’s 10 most popular films?
What do you feel about the theory that James Bond is a code name used by multiple people?
Has anyone watched the movie 'The Story of O’? What do you think about it?
How did you guys watch mcu? In chronological order or in time it has been released?
What are the best websites to upload a subtitle file for a short film?
Nearly all movie soundtracks always have "motion picture" in brackets. Why use that term, or mention it at all?
In movies and/or animated shows where time travel exists, it is said that you shouldn't alter the timeline. Why?
Where can I find all animal sound effects used in movies?
Baahubali is as much a Tamil film as it is a Telugu film. Why do people refer to Baahubali as a Telugu film?
Can an Indian movie in English be selected for the Oscars general category?
In BAHUBALI 2 why the director does not show the heroes training for fight? Is he forgot about it or what?
How do I download the Marathi movie Anvat?
What is the best dialogue/speech in recent films?
Which are some of the plot holes in the movies and TV series in the Marvel universe?
What movie features an actor/actress who plays the most number of different characters in that movie?
The Martian has a good story line, but does the movie skip over explanations just for entertainment?
Why are the X-Men movies so poor compared to the Marvel movies?
Do actors ever actually ask directors 'What's my motivation?'?
What are some movies that have "too much action" to you?
Who is the best actor for Dhoom 4?
Could Forrest Gump have been court-martialed for not leaving Lieutenant Dan behind as Lieutenant Dan ordered him to do?
In what order should I watch Haikyuu?
What is your favorite book/movie/TV show?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
Are there any Hollywood actors/actresses that are both extremely talented and extremely attractive?
In which film does Michael Clarke Duncan act as a gangleader and participate in a game of killing other gang leaders?
How late into post-production was the title "Revenge of the Jedi" still being used for Star Wars VI?
What is the dish that Aamir Khan and Preity Zinta have in a scene in Singapore in the movie Dil Chahta Hai?
Which quality should I prefer while downloading movies or any videos from the internet?
What are the best dialogue lines from Bollywood for Mother’s Day?
Is the story of Shin Chan true?
What is your favorite part of the movie Up?
What will be the plot for a science fiction novel or movie of the year 2300 or later?
How many film industries are there around the world except for Hollywood and Bollywood? Can you rank them based on popularity and revenue earned?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Could the Men in Black (1997 movie) defeat the Chitari invasion from the Avengers (2012)?
What are the lessons learned from Baahubali 2?
When are new movies added to Hotstar?
On what basis are the prices of movie tickets fixed?
If Warner Brothers bought the movie rights to Spider-Man from Sony, could they use him in a movie with Batman and other DC characters?
Are WWE matches real or fake? I have heard from many guys that it is scripted and shot like a film shoot.
If the original trilogy films were like samurai films, then what are the prequels and new trilogy films?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
I am a college student in Delhi and have my story and script ready for my first short film. How do I fund the production of my film (weak financials)?
Have you ever seen a double decker or 2-story house trailer?
What were the reasons for Baahubali’s success?
Would Deathstroke have been a better villain than Bane in the Batman movie The Dark Knight Rises?
What scene in a movie has the most gunfire blasting?
What are some of the must watch English, Hindi, and Bengali movies that people don't know about?
What lessons does Baahubali offer other than being the biggest blockbuster ever?
What is the title of the Woody Allen movie in which a Jewish character listens to Hitler speeches?
Is there anyone who hates watching movies? If yes, why?
Can we play Blu-Ray movies or 1080p movies on a Lenovo Yoga Tab 3?
Are there any scenes in the new Fifty Shades of Grey movie in which the main characters eat together?
How do they make cartoon films?
What makes Daniel Craig appalling as James Bond?
What are some good ‘80s teen movies?
Why does the media not give as much attention to the Bahubali stars as compared to the attention received by the Bollywood actors and actresses?
How do Star Wars gravity generators work?
Why is violence in movies/videogames so amusing?
Why do most of the Hollywood movies have fewer songs, compared to Bollywood?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Who voiced Devsena in the Hindi version of Baahubali?
How can I download bahubali 2 full movie in HD?
What are your reasons for not liking Hollywood?
Will anybody talk of the duration 00:58:57 to 01:01:03 of Baahubali: The Beginning movie?
Why does Hollywood talk about Mexico in American movies a lot?
At what age should my child first watch the Star Wars movies?
Which movie did you enjoy watching the most in a theater?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever watched?
Which Hollywood actresses sleep with directors and producers?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
One of my friend used torrent to download a movie. Is he in trouble?
What happens at the end of the movie The Words?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for Hindi movies?
Does becoming an adult film actor/porn star can interfere with my professional movie/film acting?
While shooting sex scenes in Asian movies, do the actresses actually get naked?
When will they make the sequel to Bladerunner, or “Bladerunner 2”?
What did you learn from the Steve Jobs movie?
Which are the best seats in Director’s Cut?
Were the midichlorians ever mentioned again in either the prequel trilogy or in the pre Disney expanded universe after “The Phantom Menace”?
What are some Disney cartoon movies which we will love to see?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
Do actors cover up their private parts while playing in sex scenes or do they just flash it to each other like it's normal?
Which monument in Lucknow is Akshay sitting at with a broken arm in the movie Jolly LLB 2?
Where can I find Steins;Gate with English subtitles?
What are some TV shows/movies with gay girls (preferably younger and not sexualized)?
What time periods do the Disney princesses live in?
How can I download the Marathi super-hit movie, Sairat, dubbed in Hindi?
I've edited two short films and now I need to make a portfolio, how should I go about it?
Which actress/actor you like in India most and why?
Why is south Indian movie industry so obsessed with showing navels?
Which fictional weapons can become real? The idea can be from movies, comics, or novels.
Is film literature?
Why didn’t Toneri Ōtsutsuki help Momoshiki and Kinshiki in the movie Boruto?
Is it legal to film in a cemetery?
Which was Vinod Khanna's last movie in 1982?
What are legal watching sites?
What does Jake Williams think about the movie Fantastic Mr. Fox?
Why does Tara beg/plead to be with Ved in the movie Tamasha?
Is it still possible to buy a movie ticket at the counter of the Cathay Cinema nowadays?
Which of your senses are used when you are watching a movie?
Which director is the most suitable person to direct Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's biopic?
Please suggest the name of a TV program which is based on a film review?
Who has more screen credits than James Cromwell?
What song, movie or TV series are you ashamed to admit that you like?
Are there any sites where you can download Tamil, Hindi and Kannada movies in Blu-ray?
How I can download the Baahubali 2 full movie?
Which movie star do you think is the sexiest (of the gender(s) you prefer)?
Has anybody ever killed themselves after starring in a horror film?
Can we meet Hollywood or Bollywood stars at the Cannes Film Festival?
Can I request a cinema hall to show a movie which I want?
Which is the best horror movie in Hollywood till today?
What will you name a 26 movies series using all the 26 letters of the alphabet in the start?
Are there any movies/media with making of/behind the scenes of porn movies?
How I can get discounted movie tickets?
Who is the most popular dark-skinned actor/actress from southern regional cinema who has broken into mainstream Bollywood (Hindi) cinema?
Why don't they shoot movies and television shows at Disney's Hollywood Studios (Disney MGM Studios) and Universal Studios in Florida anymore?
How can I get the download link of the song "Raunakein Tham Tham Ke" by Kavita Seth from the movie "Trishna"? (2011)?
What is the least believable thing about the Matrix?
Is Oldboy the best Korean movie ever made?
Where can I download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
What is the difference between cameras for still photography and movie making/film?
I have to do a drama class projects. What is a good genre for a silent film?
If the trailers for upcoming movies look really good, why don't they just release the movie?
When rewatching a film with a plot twist, should the film be viewed as if one were watching it for the first time or with the viewer's new knowledge?
How are fight scenes shot so that they appear to be happening faster than possible?
What are the motives of the Android David in the Alien franchise?
How do I make YouTube to automatically generate english subtitles for english movies ?
Where can I download dhruva Telugu movie in HD?
What is your review of Half Girlfriend (2017 movie)?
How do I become a person who selects which movies to be played at the Cannes Film Festival?
How can I contact the actor/producer/director Tyler Perry directly or via his personal email address?
Which movie is better, Aayirathil Oruvan or Baahubali?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
Which is the best psychological Indian movie?
What is this classic black and white comedy movie called? I remember a small, not so detailed part. This guy wanted to do a radio broadcast.
What is the most realistic movie you've ever seen?
What is your favorite movie caption?
Why do people insist on calling flight attendants "stewardesses", even on TV and in movies?
Which scenes in Baahubali 2 made you get goose bumps?
If the MCU Avengers watched Kimi no Na Wa in the cinema, what will they say and think?
If you could replace an actor in any movie, which movie would it be and who would you play?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
How do I write a film treatment for sequels?
What are some movies like Coherence & The Invitation?
What if Leonardo DiCaprio made a movie with Disney?
Have any professional movie crews ever shot pictures of actual UFOs while filming their production?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
In the movie Frank, he wears a giant mask because of a condition. What condition is it?
Where do we get downloadable free kids movies?
Who played a double role in Sholay?
If Bahubali is so great, what about films like Mayabazaar?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
Have are the new theories of management in the last five years?
What is the best website to watch Telugu dubbed movies?
Is there a way to broadcast video that you are watching on VLC to another person’s computer who is also running VLC so 2 ppl. can watch movies while synced?
What is the one horror movie that had you afraid to go to bed that night?
How can Jharkhand have 100% entertainment tax on movies?
Where can I download Kabali (HD) with English subtitles?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
What are your thoughts on The Emoji Movie?
What would have happened if Bahubali 2 and Tubelight released on the same date?
Is copying movies from PC to iPhone safe?
Who named the Indian film industry 'Bollywood'?
Do you think any Hollywood movies will be made about the Donald Trump Presidency?
Why are subtitles not downloaded while downloading movies from Hotstar?
Can you spot the similarities between “Baahubali” movie series and “Kaaviya Thalaivan (Tamil)” movie?
What are the best spiritual movies in Hollywood?
Do you think hachi is the loveliest movie ever made?
Can anyone give me the English subtitles of the movie Ponyo?
In which Moroccan city is the famous movie studio based?
How do sound effects affect the comedic value of a film or show?
Which is the best site to download the latest movies?
What is a film critic's/movie buff's reaction to the words "Tyler Perry movie”?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
I heard somewhere that most award shows (Emmys, Oscars, etc.) are corrupt? Is this true?
What are movies like Dorfman in Love?
Where can I download the sexy Durga movie?
If a movie is restored digitally and output back to film, can the result still be considered a representation of how it was originally made?
Do you think the Wonder Woman movie will be good and help DC get back up?
Where can I get Maanagaram subtitles?
Am I the only one who feels that some of the scenes in Bahubali 2 are incomplete and imperfect in their execution compared to its prequel?
Does “Lost” contain horror stuff?
Why are there very few new Malayalam movies (released between 2012-2016) available on YouTube?
Is it possible for a JIPMER student to work in the film industry during a vacation?
In Baahubali 1, Baahubali refuses animal sacrifice, but the makers of the movie sacrificed a goat before releasing the film. Why the hypocrisy?
Does Charlie and the Chocolate Factory have a 2005 movie based book?
Don't​ you​ agree​ that​ in the movie​ Bahubali​, Anushka​ Shetty​ aka Devsena just nailed Tamanna Bhatia aka Avanthika with her acting?
In what ways does the 2003 Peter Pan movie differ from J.M. Barrie's book?
In your opinion, which Harry Potter movie is most similar to the book?
Now that Baahubali is released, is this the new bench mark for south Asian movie making?
What is the best way to become a film composer?
What topics would you really like to watch as short films?
Why was Edward Scissorhands treated differently?
Which actor do you think would be best suited for a role as Donad Trump?
Is it the time now that Bollywood and other film industries start making movies on Hindu mythology stories and heroes?
What are some of the biggest box office hits as a percentage of their budget?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
Where can I find short film groups to associate with in Hyderabad?
Which university does the movie rings take place in?
Why do we feel liberated at the end of Shawshank Redemption.How did Frank Darabont achieve that?
What is the original Sanskrit meaning of the Maahismati Anthem from Baahubali in English?
How can I add subtitles to movies on an iPhone?
What are the best Russian movies about the Cold War?
Why does Amir Khan not host any award show? And why does he not go on any TV shows to promote his movies?
Which Bollywood actresses have had sex in their movies with another actress?
What is the most influential movie/film in all of history?
Who stars in the movie Hester Street?
Was Emilie de Ravin a good choice as Belle in Once?
What is the best family movie that will enhance compassionate and family love?
If you could have a memento from any movie or TV show, what would you choose? It must be a real prop used in the production, not anything fictitious.
Who is really earning money from Bahubali 2?
Did Sivagami's selfishness kill Baahubali in the movie series Baahubali?
Which movies are the most thrilling movies in the 20th century?
How similar are the movies Trolls and Angry Birds?
Is it possible that someone can faint at one shot on his head by a vase or a rod as it happens in movies that the hero hits someone on his head and he is knocked out?
How many people are working in the porn industry as actors? Say, how many starred in a film in the last 6 months?
Most of us know Roger Moore was really the best Bond, but which film was his best in the series?
Why is it a sequel to any film in India mostly a flop?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
Baahubali 2 had an impressive first-half, leading to a ridiculous conclusion, which was a big turn-off! Why? Was it due to a lack of ideas, budget or time?
Is The Shining (1980) the greatest horror movie ever made?
Which is the best and easiest movie download app?
What happened to the Missing 411 film?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What is a good documentary to watch to learn more about Edward Snowden?
Have you seen the film, ‘Sister my Sister, and what did you think of it?
What was the movie that had a really positive impact on your life?
Which is your favorite Marvel movie till date?
What do you think about the new Baywatch compared to the old Baywatch?
Do Hollywood movies’ worldwide grosses include China?
Why did terrible sci-fi movies like Armageddon, Deep Impact and a few others do well at the box office even though they were scientifically inaccurate?
Which horror novel till date has the best plot?
What are some of the most inspiring Bollywood movies that may have had an impact on viewers' lives?
Does the complete Star Wars (the new one) include the full history of the old canon?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
In what movie was there a scene where a guy pushes out his belly and then draws it in while saying, "before…after"?
What are good movies and TV series on Canadian Netflix?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with Hindi audio?
How do I download Bollywood movies with mobile data?
What are some good movies for an ENTP?
How can you decorate a room for a scene in a gangster movie?
Is Digital Academy, the film school, good for Cinematography and does it have a good placement?
What are some movies with genuine kung fu?
Did you hire any set designer for your short film?
Who developed animation films in India?
How can I add background sounds to a small part of a large video? The intensity of that music should increase, like in a horror movie.
How much do Gopalkrishna Vishwanath rate the movie Bahubali 2?
How can I get the movie Baahubali 2?
What is the most terrifying movie you have ever seen?
Where did I get Scooby do in Telugu?
Where can I watch Magnificent Century in English?
Is Tamil cinema overrated?
How can I watch the movie "For the love of Ruth"?
Who do I contact about a review of a film and book?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
What is the title of the music played during the entry of Devasena in “Baahubali 2”?
What is the least believable thing about Jason Bourne?
What's the name of the movie where Gene Hackman, after much police pressure, falsely confesses to having molested a child?
While filming babies in movies, how can they make the babies do the things the director wants?
If you could rewrite or edit BvS or add more films before it, how would you do that?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
Yesterday (23rd May 2017) Sir Roger Moore sadly departed this world, aged 89. What are your favourite Roger Moore TV/movie moments?
What is the name of an animated movie about human history with Mr White?
What did you feel after watching Joker Tamil movie?
How did sound film impact the 1920s?
How can I find an inexpensive screenwriter for my micro budget film?
Which Hindi voices were used to dub the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
Was there any rift between Nazriya Nazim and some members of the Tamil film fraternity?
What is the reason behind the success of Indian films? Is it good quality or intense marketing and PR? Is the entertainment industry really growing?
If actors play a double role, will they get paid twice the amount, just asking?
The movie Inferno is real life. Instead of saving them from the plague, it is released into the world. Does this actually create a better world?
What was the clever clue the villains planted in an attempt to lure Batman into a trap, thus rescuing Bruce?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
What is a genuine website for Tollywood collections of movies?
Why do people look down upon films as an inferior art?
Why did everyone hate the film "The Last Airbender" so much?
Did Russians enjoy the movie Red Dawn?
Where is that tree location pictured in the "Sanam Teri Kasam" movie?
Which trilogy is better, The Lord of the Rings or The Matrix?
Is the footage from war documentaries from the actual situation, or do they mix everything up to fit the story?
Where can I find new movies online?
Will both Hayao Miyazaki and Makoto Shinkai make a new anime film together in 2020?
What books or series of films have relationships that are similar to Cassie and Sid’s relationship in ‘Skins’?
Is there a movie I can watch?
Do you think Heath Ledger could have acted as Bane?
Is it true Hollywood is working on a remake of "Red Dawn" as “Red Trump,” and Charlie Sheen will return as Patrick Eckert?
Why are so many films these days directed by two people?
Did the movie Robin Hood have an economic theme, and if so, is it worth following worldwide?
What are some movies about writing jobs?
Why was the accident shown twice in the Vellipomaakey song?
Is Willow: A Short Story by Alice Rachel based on a true story?
What is the beneficial thing of having film actors (not theatre) in a country?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
Why do we Indians consider Hollywood fantasy/action masala flicks to be acceptable but ridicule similar elements in Indian movies?
What are the best 2D animated comedy films?
What is the best movie scene you have ever seen?
Where can I download the Shehanai audio that is played at the end of the Jaykara/Dandalaya song in the Baahubali 2 movie?
Are stunt cars that were used in movies street legal?
Where can I download the movie Dhoom 2?
Where have films and books gone wrong in portraying a false image of 'relationships' on our minds?
If you were asked to play a part in Bee Movie 2, would you accept?
Will Hollywood make a parody movie of Bollywood?
If cartoons are remade into live action movies, why are there no live action movies remade into cartoons?
Which is the best website to download Hollywood movies in HD?
What are some of the best apps for download newly released Hollywood movies?
What is the resolution of “Baahubali 2” in the IMAX DMR format?
What do I do to learn film directing? How do I get started?
Is it fair that movie stars make more money than Nobel Prize winning scientists?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
It is weird to go to a cinema alone late at night?
Would Luke still be as valuable to Darth Vader and the Emperor if his last name weren't Skywalker?
What if Salman Khan play the role of hero in Bahubali and Bahubali 2 instead of Prabhas? Can the movie break the world record then?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
Which is your favourite movie from Hollywood?
What do I learn in Lagaan, the Indian movie?
Is the ending of the movie "Get Out" modified in the DVD/Blu-Ray/Digital Copy?
What's your view on the Ulidavaru Kandanthe movie?
Have you done voice-over in any famous movies or series?
Where can I watch the Naruto movies dubbed in English?
What are the impacts on US citizens after watching movies like Snowden, Concussion, etc.?
Which is the best Hollywood action movie since 2014?
What if they remade all your favorite movies with monkeys?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
What is the difference between the film critics and the film audience?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
Which movie is better, Sarkar, or Sarkar Raj or Sarkar 3?
How is medieval sword fighting different than on medieval movies?
Who are some of the on-screen mothers of Bollywood?
Which will be better, 3GB Web-DL version or 3GB BRRip, if both are encoded by the same guy?
Where do I find good short films?
Can a NVIDIA Shield TV play all movie formats and subtitle files?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
What movies do you think are a must watch?
Who is the youngest Hollywood actress?
Who is the hottest Hollywood actress with whom you want to have sex?
How many coins are in John Wick’s suitcase?
How many times can you watch a horror movie until the horror wears off?
Which movie is perfect?
Did XXX3, Deepika's Hollywood debut, do well?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
Was demonetisation a hit or flop?
Are actor Jeffrey Tambor and Marvel Studio's Head Kevin Feige connected to each other? They look like twins!
Do south Indian movies have better stories and comedic timing than north Indian movies?
What do you think about the video "boyfriend" from the movie "Raabta"?
What are some TV shows, movies or books that will help in sharpening my sense of humor?
What are some movies, books, plays, etc. about the struggles of Muslim women?
What are the best movies that involve business motivation and encouragement?
Why do Bollywood movies have the same names?
What are Christopher Nolan's strengths and weaknesses in his career?
After the movie "Tomorrowland" ended, did you wish you were somehow given a pin?
Who is the most famous British film producer of all time?
Is Baahubali 2 a good film?
The movie “Hindi Medium” has given a strong message, but is it practical in the real world?
Why is Loki's character so complex?
What is your review on Lahoriye?
What are some movies like “Wild Things” with enormous twists in plots?
What is the most horrific movie you have ever seen?
How do the film stars behave at their home?
Alien: Covenant (2017 movie), what do you think happened between David and Elizabeth Shaw?
If cricketers were cast in Bollywood movies, who would star in what?
How can I watch movies on my TV from my phone?
Does the Force only exist within the Star Wars Galaxy?
Did Johnny Fontane have a bigger role in the novel than in the movie?
How would you fix the Star Wars prequels?
Did Marvel fans like the Dark Knight series?
What are the sites where I can watch Tamil movies on payment?
Who won the best film award in 2016?
What is the surname of Baahubali in the movie?
What is the word that is the name of a sweet, a movie, a medicine, a car, and a city?
Why is Gotham's each episode directed by a separate director?
Why was Pete Postlethwaite regarded as a great actor?
If Amarendra Baahubali's father and Bijjala Deva (Nasser) are brothers contending for thrones, why do they have different surnames?
What is the upcoming movie of Hrithik Roshan?
Where can I watch Kaatru Veliyidai with subtitles?
Why did Mahendra Bahubali take an oath in the name of Rajmata Shivgami Devi during the coronation, while his mother is Devasena? Is it a Hindi dubbing mistake?
Where can I find Gujarati movies and drama?
How do they make films in Bollywood?
Where can I download Bichumoo (Flying warriors). It's an old Korean movie?
If ExtraTorrent gets shut down permanently, what would be an alternative source to download Hindi-dubbed Hollywood movies?
What if Salman Khan starred in and as Bahubali?
If Prabhas is cast in a lead role in Mahabharata (a.k.a. Randam Ooozham), which role would best suit him? Why?
Which is the most racial product ever made?
Will any Bollywood movie break the box office collection of Baahubali 2?
Which are some movie characters where a petite old woman is actually very tough?
Does Hollywood have a president?
How can I download a movie of small size (400-500 MB) from mobile?
If a woman watches a movie alone, who answers her questions?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
What assets does film hero Shobanbabu have?
If the trailer in the description was real, would you watch the movie?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
Is it normal for a child to watch a movie over and over again without getting bored?
Why do Hindi movies dominate if the theater count in South India is much larger?
What do you think about movies about the Holocaust, especially Schindler's List and The Pianist?
Why is everyone in the movies such a horrible shot?
Wouldn't Stephen Amell make a good Green Arrow on the big screen?
Which is the best Bollywood movie up to 2017?
What's your review on the movie Meera (1979)?
Is the movie Fury an accurate description of WW2?
How irresponsible are Fun Cinemas people?
How much does it cost to make a movie theater?
Who thinks Aliens (1986) is a bad movie, or at least overrated?
What was the quality of Malayalam movies released between 2000-2010? Were they really better than other South Indian language movies as they are now?
Which part of the “Baahubali” story would you change and why?
What kind of religions exist in Star Wars?
What are China made films that depicts 2nd Sino-Japanese?
What is the status the Gambit movie from Fox?
Are all of the people in the movie Suicide Squad DC?
What are some horror movies with cosmic sex scenes?
Why isn’t Bollywood praising Rajamouli’s Baahubali 2 success?
Who is your personal choice of an actor who should replace Daniel Craig's role in the next James Bond films?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
Why don't people like Christopher Nolan and Stanley Kubrick ever win Oscars? Even though they create masterpieces?
If they were to do a original middle earth movie what would you want to see in it?
Why is the book always better than the movie?
Is Baahubali 2 eligible for an Oscar?
What or how many movies was John Wayne was named Duke?
In The Dark Knight, how does Batman have such great plot armor, but then his back is suddenly broken by Bane in The Dark Knight Rises?
Have you ever been into a film like scenario?
How did Xenomorphs originate?
What is the role of Coke in the preparation of silicon?
Which is the best film star in india?
In Forrest Gump, how did Jenny die?
What is one of the biggest flops in history?
Which is a must watch, adult, Hollywood movie?
The new 3D effects in movies have been added to movies not originally filmed in 3D. Can the new 3D be added to old 3D movies from the ‘50s and ‘60s?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
What if actor Ram Charan would've​ played the role of Baahubali?
How can I distribute my independent film?
What is the starting budget for a community movie theater in Toronto and Berlin?
Why do Malayalees like Tamil movies?
Why is the whole Bollywood silent with the success of Bahubali 2?
Where was the movie Bahubali made?
How do I watch the movie, Partner, online?
How do script writers quantify if a script is 'beyond the budget constraints' of a given movie?
Does a movie being good or bad affect the nomination of its individual parts for an Oscar?
What's the best successful ads in the movies?
Is a degree needed for becoming a filmmaker?
Which is better, movies or TV shows?
What specific parts of Braveheart are accurate?
Why was 'UP' written on the envelope of Judge Surillo in Batman The Dark Knight movie?
When will we ever see a canon novelization of the prequel trilogy of Star Wars?
In the Japanese version of the kids movie "Sing", do the red pandas sing in English?
In Logan, why did Laura's guardian try to find Logan?
Who is the best actor in Tamil cinema, ajith or Vijay?
If I like writing and collaboration, what other things can I do in filmmaking apart from screenwriting?
Why do I get uncomfortable with romantic and/or sexual scenes on TV, books or real life?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
What punch dialogue is very much famous in North Indian movies?
How does Tarantino feel about Christopher Nolan?
What will the all-time box office rank for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 be on May 23, 2017?
What scenes in the 2016 Disney film Zootopia does Rich Moore direct?
What if Bollywood started making good movies, how would it affect the whole system of Bollywood and people of India?
What are some recent Tamil Fantasy movies which were the most underrated?
What is the movie 'Fantastic Beasts' about, and how is it related to Harry Potter?
What is bad acting?
How do they make actors/actresses look so good?
Who are the top 10 Hollywood actors of all time?
Where is Bhallaladeva's son in Baahubali 2?
How did David defeat Walter in Alien: Covenant? Wasn't Walter an updated version?
What made Bahubali 2 a mega blockbuster than the other Indian movies?
Are there any horror films from the 1960s that would be considered scary by today's standards?
Can you tell me where can I download Nana Patekar’s movie 'Prahaar'?
What is the musical instrument used at 48:40 in the movie "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi (2013)"?
Which are the sitcoms which you should watch before you die?
Where can I get “The Reader” dubbed in Hindi?
What are some of the 'must watch' Mammootty movies (released after 2000)?
On which website can I watch online Bollywood movies?
If a man lived 14,000 years ago, how many descendants would he have now, after sex with a lot of females?
Why did Netflix remove ratings?
What was the first Disney film to feature closing credits?
What is your review of Meri Pyaari Bindu (2017 movie)?
Where can I watch, “Happy New Year” with English subtitles?
Who is the creepiest clown in TV, books, and/or movies?
What's your favorite innuendo?
How can I watch Sarrainodu in Hindi?
Which mutants or metahumans from any fictional universe that haven’t been on screen/had little screen time would you like to see portrayed more & why?
Is it true there will be another movie like the Suicide Squad?
If you could change anything about Star Wars: The Force Awakens, what would you change and why?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
What are movies, songs, books, or TV shows similar to the TTYL series by Lauren Myracle?
Which movies are considered bold in your country?
Why is there a sense of urgency in movies where they can travel through time?
Did you enjoy Moana?
How do normal people become actors in the film industry?
Is it plausible for aliens to be as powerfull physically as in movies/animes?
Why do movies and shows about high school show nerds getting bullied for being smart?
How did The Secret movie/book change your life? Any real life experiences?
Can Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara be termed a psychological film?
Which cinema hall has a box in Kolkata?
What is the meaning of the dialogue 'No means no' from the movie Pink?
Do you have own movie theater in your home for your family only?
Is f-movies site down?
Do actors go into acting because of fame/attention?
Is there any app to download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
Which movie would you recommend to watch for improving English speaking?
What is the ideology or rules for the Central Board of Film Certification?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
Why didn’t the police search for Andy Dufresne after he escaped from Shawshank?
Does diplomacy always win in real life?
Whch is the movie that made you cry?
Where can I find somebody to reenact the scene from the Wolf of Wall Street where Naomi talks about not wearing underwear?
If a stalker that was harassing an actor/actress and got a restraining order, would he or she be allowed to watch the films that the victim was in?
How do Pakistanis feel about the Bahubali 2 movie? Do they like it?
When dubbing was introduced to India, what was the first thing to get dubbed?
Are there any movies that explore what life would’ve been like for family and friends if the protagonist never existed?
Name some films which would have been much better with a different director and explain why?
What do you think of the movie Cold Mountain?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
Can we watch the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales with the whole family?
How was the movie 'Half Girlfriend'?
Which are the must watch Latin American movies?
Which is the best website for downloading Hollywood and Bollywood movies in HD?
What do you hate about military movies?
How do I watch Blu-ray movies via a 2017 Nvidia Shield TV?
In the movie 'Holiday', Akshay played the role of an Army officer who took on terrorists single handedly. Is this possible in real life?
What dictated the seemingly inflated talent fees of Hollywood actors? Why does an average movie cost millions of dollars to make?
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What are the best incest movies, like the Taboo series?
What is the best James Bond movie to which to introduce kids to the films?
Is prison life like it is in movies or TV shows?
What happened with the INS Vikrant (R11)?
Is Sooryavansham the most telecasted movie of all time?
Where can I watch free Hindi TV series and movies ​online (Web Plus app)?
What would be some great ideas for a Zootopia sequel?
How do I know whether the casting directors have liked my performance?
What are some good movies in which the good guy doesn't win?
Why did the Chinese love the “Dangal” movie?
Why are Baahubali 2's scenes so praised when the animation and graphics are so messed up?
Is it possible for Pixar to ever make a live-action movie?
Why are films such an effective way of conveying significant themes and ideas?
Where can I download the Bollywood movie “Khamosh” (1985)?
I am very interested in bringing back the "movie palace" cinema, how should I go about that?
I noticed that two movies have female protagonists coming to theaters this year. What is your opinion or take?
How would King Kong treat regular gorillas?
What are some really brilliant ambient or electronic film scores?
How do I watch The Circle movie online?
How difficult are the fight scenes in the films of Matt Damon, Tom Cruise, Keanu Reeves, etc.? Is there any real MA there?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
How can I find a movie statistics like no of tickets sold, no of shows in a particular theatre? Do we have any website?
What book has complete information on film making?
What are sites for watching French movies in HD or open torrent sites?
How do we dub any language into Hindi?
Why was there never a 'Bug's Life 2'?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
Why do so many horror movies involve stupid teens / early 20’s?
What's the greatest found footage film of all time?
Is there any app where we can watch an Italian movie but add English subtitles to understand it?
If a movie is to be made about true events, who gives the permission to do so?
Why are we (Bollywood) not making any movies with some amount of intellect? How long do we plan on making love stories with different packaging?
Are Baahubali 1 and 2 based on a true story?
What is story of the movie 2057 which Bollywood directors are directing along the lines of Bahubali?
If both Mitsuha and Taki from Your Name were to watch the MCU Avengers movie, what will they say and think about it?
What are the best lines from movies?
What is that the sci-fi movie where humans are killing aliens in another planet and where they kidnap their queen?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
Can hydrogen be burned manually? Is everything that NASA sends to space fire retardant? I’m asking this for a project on a scene from the movie, "The Martian".
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
Who would you thank if you won the Oscars?
In the movie The Brothers Grimsby we see the brother sucking the ball of his brother, was it real?
Why is it that even the non-dialogue scenes in “Baahubali 1” are different in the Tamil and Telugu versions?
Why does Hollywood make sci-fi movies?
What is your box office predictions for big Indian movies releasing this year?
Should we watch Pirates of the Caribbean with family?
Should I watch movies in the theater or on a network?
What movie reminds you of your life?
Is Sonarika Bhadoria a good actress? Can she act in the films in Bollywood?
What will happen if we went to watch a movie and bought the tickets of some other movie?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
How true are the events portrayed in the movie, "Snowden"?
What will you do if you are president for one day as shown in some Telugu movie?
Why is Baahubali 2 breaking all records? What is so special about this movie?
Can you name some movies that are like The Sandlot?
What is the duration of copyright for any movie or TV series?
What are the six important signs and symbols that the novel “Silence of Lambs” by Thomas Harris relies on to create an impression of horror?
In the 2012 Hindi movie Chakravyuh, what happens in the climax?
How much reality is there in the movie Interstellar?
With most of the websites blocked nowadays, can anyone suggest a website where I could download Indian Bollywood, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, etc. movies?
What are the movies that worth our valuable time?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
Why does the actor Jimmi Simpson usually play characters who are hackers?
Which of the Harry Potter movies are the most and least satisfying adaptations?
What do you think about Sony's coming up movie Venom?
How can I see an English version movie converted into Hindi audio?
What Easter eggs did you find in the movie Baahubali?
How does the Tamil film industry market its films?
Can you name movies where the physical concepts (as known so far) are the most accurate?
Do you think Baahubali was real?
What are your favourite movie and why? Is there any hidden meanings?
Did the real Patch Adams actually steal from hospitals?
How did dementors find Sirius at the lake?
Which elements are necessary for film?
Who is your childhood crush (movies/cartoons/real life) and do you fantasize/create interesting scenarios involving them?
Who should act as Krishna in the upcoming Mahabharata movie(s) project?
Is the story of the Insidious movie brilliant?
What do Sri Lankans think about the film Bahubali?
How do people collect movies in the USA without buying them?
Did Blade Runner's "tears in rain" monologue have a philosophical message behind it?
How do I make a complaint on single screen theater?
How is the industry for digital film making?
Who creates the fantastic UI views on screen in movies or on TV series?
Famous actresses of all countries make all sorts of compromises under the name of acting, such as being bold, filming sex scenes & doing nude modelling openly, & yet are respected but not prostitutes. Why?
How can I watch Jadoo High?
Can you tell me a movie that everybody likes but you don't? And why?
What is the answer to why Kattappa killed Bahubali? Who is Ballaladeva’s (Rana) wife?
Why do the Chinese like Dangal, the movie?
What are your favorite low-budget movies not made by Hollywood?
Why do you think "Baahubali" got the hype it acquired?
What are the greatest performances of Setsuko Hara?
Where do I download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
Which are the must-watch Hollywood movies from 1990-2017?
Why isn't "Hollywood Reporter" praising Aishwarya Rai's Cannes Film Festival outfit the way "TOI" is doing?
What is the best streaming device to buy to watch live TV shows/news, movies on demand, movies in the theater, sports, etc?
What are the 10 best French-language, made-in-France films from between 2000 and 2015?
Which actress should have played Ginny?
Was Willy Wonka a serial killer?
Do you think Marvel's Sentry will be the next big R-rated superhero movie?
What are your best money/weapon/drugs movies?
What do you think of the recent influx of memes of the Star Wars prequels?
What are your favourite 10/10 Tollywood movies?
What are the historical references for the movies Baahubali 1 and 2?
What is going on the movie Colossal?
How much does it cost to produce an indoor-quality ad film of 3 minutes?
In Bahubali, who is Bhadra's mother?
Why didn’t Ranbir Kapoor movies do well at the box office?
What are some inspirational Bollywood movies to watch?
How can we identify the pattern of events in real life?
In Baahubali 2, did Prabhas’ acting show signs of self-importance?
How do I get a role in Bollywood movies?
Are Tamil movies released in Hyderabad in Tamil?
How do movies and TV series get the best ratings on IMDB and popularity among people, even when they contain nude and sex scenes?
Is it better to watch TV series or movies?
Why are people who like to listen to movie scores/soundtracks considered nerds?
How were old movies colourised?
Why is Salman Khan still a bachelor?
How should I proceed to get a job in film (even a PA) when arriving in Toronto from Europe?
Do you think that Marathi characters in Bollywood movies are often shown as rural, while almost half of the population of Marathi people live in an urban area?
Was there any early competition for Walt Disney when he began making full-length animated films?
How do I get movies legally to do critical videos like Nerdwriter or Every Frame a Painting?
What are some reviews for Guardians Of the Galaxy 2? What would be a comparison with other MCU movies?
What are some amazing films about space?
What does Jack Fraser think about the new Star Trek trailer?
Why are dubbed versions of regional cinema released in Hindi with ridiculous titles?
Where can I get the Ash vs Evil Dead movie?
In which language is the movie Dangal released in China?
Where can I watch “Detective Conan Movie 21″?
If you got the role of Road Warrior Hawk from Legion of Doom for a movie, what workout, diet, and drugs would you do to get prepared for the role?
What are some good, scarily interesting movies?
What formats do actors commonly get dossiers of their characters' in?
Is it better to be a movie star or a TV star?
Why do we love the movie "The Breakfast Club" so much?
Who is the dead man and what is his folly in Agatha Christie's Dead Man's Folly?
If Baahubali is a fictitious character, why are people loving him?
Is it worthwhile watching Baahubali 2 in 4K, as it may require a minimum viewing distance in a cinema hall?
What is the one film/franchise that is better than the book?
If La La Land is remade into Bollywood, then which actors will play in which roles?
How could someone not get bored watching the same movie multiple times?
Which movie is better, Good Will Hunting or The Blues Brothers?
Can the Baahubali movie series be called Baahubali Ramayana?
How many movies humorously depict a protagonist's car getting more and more damaged over the course of the film?
Do real ghosts and demons look like their movie counterparts?
What happens to Prabha’s and Anushka's love story in the film Mirchi?
Where can I watch/download Hindi dubbed English movies online? (paid/free)
What do you think about the documentary Religulous?
Does Alien: Covenant help connect Prometheus to rest of the Alien films?
What is the meaning of the Tamil dialogue "aamanda pe payale.. Richie" from the Nivin Pauly movie “Richie”?
What's the difference between best screenplay and best picture?
Do movies increase our knowledge?
"Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn" is often said to be the most famous movie line in English. What is the most famous line in your language?
What is a way to find work in the film industry?
Have you seen anyone get jilted at the altar in real life like they show on TV? Do you know what happened?
How much does noticeable lens dirt in a shot matter to a film festival programmer?
What is the track that’s played in the biggest, loudest, craziest party scene from the 2016 Trolls movie?
How many Guardian of the Galaxy movies do you think there will be, and why?
Will Lavalantula turn into a film series like Sharknado?
Why do producers and directors make a movie even though they know it’s going to be a massive flop?
Is the movie The Lunchbox inspired from the movie Mary and Max?
Will Baahubali 2 pave the way for erasing the Bollywood-Tollywood differences and for the emergence of a common Indiwood platform??
When will Avatar 2 be released?
Do Bollywood movies show nudity?
From which app on iPhone is it easy to watch Hollywood movies?
How do people in USA collect movies without torrent?
Which actor has the craziest female fan following?
Who is the sexiest actor of Hollywood?
What does the climax of the predestination film mean ?
Why are male choirs used in sinister scenes in movies?
Do we learn anything from movies?
What shows should one watch to get modernized/westernized?
Is Disney recreating all of their movies but this time they are in real life?
What makes you want to go see a movie?
Can you tell me some classic anime movies that you like?
Is Cast Away a great movie?
Who plugged Cypher into The Matrix when he went to meet Agent Smith?
Could La La Land potentially be transcended by future movie musicals?
What are the “Vol” after movies?
Who have watched the movie The Shack and what do you think about it?
I have a moral dilemma, I want to watch the new Doctor Who but my family wants to watch it with me. What should I do?
Which Batmobile would win, Batmobile from Batman v Superman vs Batmobile from Justice League?
Is there any male leading actor in a 21st century blockbuster Hollywood non-action movie who is 100% East Asian-looking?
Where can I get the Sarrainodu movie (2016) in Hindi?
Why do mid budget action movies have to be made independently and not by studios?
Why does Anushka Shetty look so different in Baahubali 2 than she looks in the movie promotions?
Which is the most genuine website for movie reviews or ratings?
What’s a movie that absolutely petrified you?
What would your reaction be if Forrest Gump got transferred into your squad?
Has the image of SS Rajamouli improved considerably after the success of Baahubali 2?
Why did David kill the Engineers in Alien:Covenant?
What were stoners’ best ever highdeas?
Is Tiger Shroff capable of playing an intense character like Rambo?
Why is Chetan Bhagat criticised when movies based on his novels like 3 Idiots and 2 States were good movies?
Is this the proper way to film a gunshot explosion in a film?
How many vehicles have been damaged in the movie Fast and Furious 8?
How many 1996 Airstream Classic 36s were made?
How much has Baahubali 2 earned?
What are the best action Hollywood movies?
Do you have to be a Christian to be in a Christian movie?
What was the role of Karan Johar in Baahubali’s production?
Is Blade Runner 2049 (2017) going to be any good?
What are notable depictions of sibling negotiations in film or literature?
Why was Bijjala Dev in the Baahubali 2 movie not punished?
Are we more inclined to root for the bad guy if he/she is also the main character?
How do movies make close up throat cutting scenes look so real?
How would you briefly differentiate Indian Cinema of 1950s and now? Is parallel cinema still struggling to resist dominance of mainstream cinema?
Why are Fast and Furious movies still being made, and why are they grossing so much?
What is the date of Allu Arjun’s new movie audio?
Should I watch the Khule-Aam sexy Yaara movie?
How can I open a movie theater/cinema in Pakistan, and how much would it cost?
What Hindi film actor/actress has done the most films?
Do any of you guys think all of the Harry Potter movies are connected somehow?
Which movie do you like to watch in the theater, Hindi Medium or Half Girlfriend?
What are some of the Kollywood actors who turned into politician?
What is the most underrated thing about Bollywood?
Where can I download Jurassic World in 1080p at a fast speed?
Is there any platform where I can get in touch with trained short film directors in Hyderabad for my channel?
If someone asked you to watch only one movie every day, which movie would you choose?
How do professional filmmakers feel about YouTube movie reviewers with large followings?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
Supposing Hollywood decides to make a Mahabharat movie, which character between Arjuna and Karna do you think would be more popular?
Why did Hollywood produce so many teen-oriented dance movies in the 80s, but not so many in the 90s?
What did you think of the movie Eat Pray Love?
How is Bane stronger than Batman in the movie, The Dark Knight Rises? There is no mention of Venom that he is taking through the mask.
How long it will take for Disney to own all the Marvel superhero film rights from Fox, Lionsgate, Sony and Universal Pictures?
Will “Baahubali 2” cross 2000 crore, since it is yet to be released in China and it has already reached 1500 crore by the 17th day?
Which is the best Hollywood movie till date which is dubbed in Hindi?
Was the director of The Last Samurai pro-war or anti-war?
Who could get me a list of inspiring movies?
Does Baahubali have any deleted scenes? If so, where can I watch them?
How does a film director narrate/explain a romantic scene to both actor and actress?
In your opinion, what is the best score written for a movie?
How do I keep myself updated with the latest movies and TV series?
Is it normal to cry often whenever you read stories or watch movies?
How would you contain a Xenomorph?
Do you think Julie Walters could be the greatest British actress of all time?
How does one reproduce film quality like this with a cheaper camera?
Who is the worst dancer among Tollywood actors?
Where can I find a movie producer for a story that I have? I'd like to make the story into a short movie. How much do you think it will cost?
What are the softwares, that are used to create the movie, Zootopia?
Where can I get Hindi dubbed versions of Tamil cult movies like Nayagan, Thalapathi etc.?
What are some fictional TV shows or films that successfully portray modern polyamory?
Do actors watch their own movies again and again if they like it?
Which is the highest-grossing Bollywood movie in South India?
Can you tell about the one movie that changed your perspective towards life?
What are some amazing Indian short movies to watch?
How far is the movie about Pulikecei true? Is he really the Tughlaq of South India?
Why have Tim Burtons movies deteriorated in quality in recent years?
Which cinemas have couples seats in Kolkata?
What are Tamil actor Vijay's best movies?
Why are Indian films not as famous as Chinese films in the USA?
Is the scenario presented in the movie, "The Day After Tommorow" possible?
Do you expect Bahubali 2 to be nominated for the Oscars? If so, what are the winning chances?
Which are the best 10 motivational movies?
What are the best books or movies about Nike?
What are some pointless books/movies?
Is it only me or anyone out there who thinks the Sachin movie trailer falls flat?
Suppose Baahubali 3 was to be made with a budget of 500 crores. Can Rajamouli raise the amount from a share market, for a movie?
Should I watch Riverdale? Is it interesting or worth watching?
What's best way to download the latest movies?
Which English movies are good inspirational movies for students?
Are Richard from Friends and Charlie from Twilight played by the same actor?
What have some of the Hollywood directors done for earning money before they became famous?
In Star Wars: A New Hope (1977), what would have happened if the droids’ escape pod had been destroyed?
What was the name of the dish that Kangana Ranaut's character "Rani" ordered in the movie 'Queen' after which she vomited?
Why shouldn't I be discouraged to become a filmmaker?
Is there any Malayalam movie that won an Oscar award?
Which is the best horror movie in the world?
Does Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 have subtitles in Indian cinemas?
How are graphics different from animation in movies?
As a woman, what did you feel after watching the movie "36 Vayathinilea"?
How are bilingual movies like Baahubali shot so that they are able to replicate the scenes in the other language as well?
What are some best sites for downloading Hollywood movies in HD?
Is it true that Sridevi was the first choice to play the role of Sivagami in the Baahubali franchise?
Is Rajnikanth's Baba movie a flop?
Where can I watch (or download) the Sleuth (1972) movie?
Is Logan the most realistic movie set in the future?
Why do so many people like the third Lord of the Rings movie better than the first one?
Is there a possibility that Bahubali and Magadheera share the same universe?
Are there any movie synopsis in which the main male character is described as beautiful?
What book should Hollywood make (or remake) into a movie?
Where can I download the audio track for the movie "Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya"?
Can you recommend to me good teen movies or movies that are about life in school?
What is the best action and adventure show on Netflix right now?
Is Moana based on Maori culture?
What is the most horrifying true story?
Where is HMS Bounty from the film docked now?
What song is in the trailer for Alien:Covenant (2017)?
Is Goodfellas the best movie?
Is there anything peculiar about Idris Elba being associated with outer space in many movies like Thor, Prometheus, Star Trek, etc.?
In "Alien: Covenant", how was David superior to Walter?
How much do music rights cost to use in a South African film with a budget of $2 million?
Some Indian films are promoted as family films but can't be watched with the family due to bold scenes. Why do they contain bold scenes if they are family films?
What movie or television show most accurately portrays real Vikings?
Do you know about any school shootings inspired by movies?
Is there any way I can remove this arrow-like mark randomly appearing in a movie?
Who provided the Tamil voice to Anushka in Baahubali?
Why is the movie Battleship Potemkin considered propaganda?
Where can I watch Arrow online, without any signup?
What do you like about movies?
How many cinemas do Ethiopians have?
Will the upcoming movie 'Tiger Zinda Hai' save Katrina's career?
Where can I get English subtitles for the 2009 Korean movie entitled "City of Fathers"?
Who's a better film director, Clint Eastwood or Martin Scorsese?
Why are Republican actors essentially getting blacklisted in Hollywood?
How come The Godfather be as original as when it first came out?
What's the last movie you paid money to see and didn't regret afterwards?
Is Dangal the best movie in India?
What are some of the best time-travelling movies you have seen? Would you recommend them to everyone who loves these kinds of movies?
Why can’t movies like Inception be made in Bollywood?
What would happen if John Rambo went to Mayberry?
Can short clips from movies and TV series be uploaded on Facebook?
Why don't Indian directors make superhero movies based on the characters of the Raj Comics?
If Shah Rukh Khan is the biggest movie star in the world, then why don't his movies break the all-time collection records?
Why do many French movies have explicit lovemaking scenes?
Why are mainstream films so average these days? Hear me out.
What are the great movies that were made on the basis of psychology, a quest for the meaning of life, love, travel around the world, etc.?
Who is the real hero of the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
Considering negative criticism, can you point out any positive/enjoyable elements in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
Will there be another part of Bahubali after the 2nd one? I saw a book of Bahubali that was based on ancestors of Amerendra Bahubali.
If you ever make a movie, what genre would it be?
In the movie Chinatown (1974), did Hollis Mulwray actually have an affair with his wife's daughter, Katherine?
What is the list of old songs used in the movie Meri Pyaari Bindu?
What is the latest movie series?
What is the one thing you got out of the movie "Into the Wild"?
Which movie made you to change and how?
What are the best lines from any movie?
Which is best website to download Hollywood movies in dual language and in HD?
Has someone won an Oscar for an action movie?
Can I watch my downloaded movies on Chromecast?
What are some movie myths that sound true but are actually totally wrong?
S.S. Rajamouli and Shankar are Hollywood-level directors​, while other filmmakers are not. The latter just do routine movies. Why?
Why is the movie called Cast Away?
How is a orbital strike carried out in Star Wars?
What are the most memorable action comedies movies so far?
How does a censor official confirm that animals used in film shooting were not harmed?
Which one provides the best Tollywood gossip?
Should I watch upcoming Marvel show, The Gifted on Fox?
Is there something like Gossip Girl in real life?
What is Ridley Scott's opinion on James Cameron's Aliens?
What is the movie Colossal about?
Why do people say that Vin Diesel is a bad actor? Is he a bad actor? Does he play his roles in a dumb way?
Is there a more bitterly ironic statement at the end of a movie than the words at the very end of My Own Private Idaho’s “Have a Nice Day”?
Are parents who threaten you with them getting sick or dying if you disobey them just in movies and dramas?
What is it like being an actor?
What do you think about the Tamil film Varanam Aayiram? I need an answer from Neil Menon (if you saw this movie).
When is Bollywood going to get over the "love story", "happy ending" cliche, and start making movies?
Why is there no movie based on the novel Call of the Wild in the 21st century?
Why was Saving Private Ryan so good?
Is the Hollywood film industry a sophisticated CIA front?
What is your experience with watching the director's cut of a movie in Delhi?
I recently watched The Guardians of the Galaxy 2 after reading some negative reviews that, I think, were baseless.Can someone with the same view help?
Which are SRK’s good movies?
Is the new Harry Potter movie going to arrive in 2018?
Where can I watch Sholay 3D?
Which is the best Hollywood film?
When do Tamil youngsters avoid fighting for cinema actors?
In the end of the movie IT, how can a powerful ancient creature be killed by being hit with a rock and then toppled to the side like a cow?
What are your top ten macho, manly movies?
In how many films have Rishi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan worked together?
Amidst speculations about Wonder Woman's opening, how much do you think the movie will make? Will it be a critical and a box office success?
What are upcoming Hindi movies in August 2017?
Can you suggest the top 5 movies that are able to motivate a student?
How do I download movies from my phone?
Which film will you watch this weekend: Half Girlfriend or Hindi Medium?
What is the name of the haircut Vidya Balan once had in the movie Kismat Konnection?
In Trolls, wasn't it crazy that the trolls kept having huge parties? Wasn’t this a huge plot flaw in the movie?
Is the upcoming Death Note movie going to hit movie theaters or only Netflix?
Indian movies are not thought-provoking. Do you subscribe to that view?
How do you get subtitles on online videos?
Why are homosexuals shown always as a caricature in Bollywood movies?
Is there any incident in your life that is/was the same as a movie scene? It can be a small incident.
Why should the so called Bollywood stars be paid a fortune for displaying their vulgarity on the big screen?
I want to ask a company to sponsor a short film project (and I have an idea how it could promote their brand). How do I approach them?
Since Baahubali is made in two languages, Tamil and Telugu, does it mean that all of the scenes were shot twice?
If you could choose two actors and one director to start working on a movie right now, who would you choose?
Is it weird that I watch movie reviews after I have watched the movie?
Which video game based movies do we hope to see in the future?
What are the best world movies torrent sites to download?
What movies are so strange as "Terribly happy"?
Are 3D glasses included?
How big does an actor need to be to get their own trailer?
What did you like about A Dog's Purpose?
Which is the best website for downloading all types of movies?
How​ many people have watched Baahubali 2?
Which Emma Watson movies are available in Hindi?
What are some songs on Lord Shiva featured in movies of any language (something like Kochadaiyaan and Bahubali)?
Which action movie(s) have the most accurate and realistic portrayals of gun fights?
Where can I find out more about the movie Interstellar?
Are Indians films being shot in Pakistan?
If you happen to direct a movie in the future, what would be its theme?
Are there any seriously good sci-fi or action/thriller novels that have not won any major awards nor have been adapted to screenplays?
Have you ever seen a movie that simultaneously displays subtitles in multiple languages?
What are 5D/7D movies? How is the experience?
What is the English song used in OK Jaanu (Hindi movie) during the wedding scene at the church?
Who would win a fight between John Wick and Agent 47?
What movies should I watch to improve my British English?
What is a great older kids book that is also a movie?
Which is the best torrent site for Hollywood movies downloads?
Which is the best horror movie?
What are the strangest, weirdest movies ever made?
What are the key ideas and examples seen in the film Slumdog Millionaire?
Are Bollywood movies released in English abroad?
Which Indian director has directed the most number of films?
Which movie makes you feel happy?
What do westerners think about Bahubali movies?
What are Tamil films’ selling methods?How is the profit calculated?
What will Marvel do after they run out of villains for movies?
What did you learn from the movie Arya 2 (Allu Arjun)?
How would you rank the MCU film villains?
In Star Trek: The Voyage Home, did the Eugenics Wars still occur in the 1960s?
What is the name of the Spanish song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene where Toretto and his wife were in their bedroom?
What happened at the end of Lost?
How do I greenlight the next Cloverfield sequel?
How do you feel about the new replacement terminal coming to the Hollywood Burbank Airport?
Can anyone give me link of bahubali 2 HD movie?
What is the title of the movie where they sneak and stole money in lloyds bank?
What film or TV shows have the most badly dated CGI and special effects?
Is Bahubali 2 the only superhit and blockbuster movie in Hindi cinemas to cross 1000 crores?
Which are the beautiful movies we need to watch when we have time?
Will there be a spin off movie for The Lord of the Rings?
What was Wes Anderson like in college?
What is the language of the film Sachin Tendylkar?
Which are your top 5 comedy movies?
Where would Roger Moore rank among the actors who played James Bond?
Is the work atmosphere shown in the movie “The Wolf of Wall Street” accurate?
Do you think Logan (2017) deserves an Oscar or at least a nomination?
Where can one find some movie critiques for the movie Gandhi by Richard Attenborough?
Do you have the Hindi dubbed version of the Telugu movie Happy Days?
Can somebody tell me from where I can download the Armistice (2013) movie?
How do I watch English movies online?
What makes films to win Oscars?
What are the other short films Nolan directed apart from "The Following"?
What production settings do movies use?
How would Yareal Poof's story, the Robot Chicken version, fit into Star Wars canon?
Which takes more man-hours, an animated film or a non-animated film?
Which are the must watch thriller movies that provide tense moments from beginning to the end, intelligent and well made, from the movies since 2000?
What movies do you watch on Netflix?
How much does Bollywood stars get paid for each movie?
How many people like the film Baahubali 2?
I want to make a short film. How can I get the budget for it from a production house?
What is the best ever torrent site to download any movie or app?
Is The Godfather the greatest movie ever?
What is so special about the film Forrest Gump?
Who is the mother of Bhadra (Bhallala Deva’s son) in Baahubali?
Is Bahubali 2 the greatest movie in Indian cinema?
What became of Lion's Saroo's 2 brothers, Mantosh and Sadhu? The film doesn't answer that.
Is talent a must in screenwriting? What are the core elements to be a good screenwriter?
Which is the best Kolkata movie theatre: Inox Quest or Cinepolis Acropolis?
Where can I watch Dandupalya with English subtitles?
How do people differentiate good or bad from an actor/actress's acting skills?
I want to download movies with English subtitles. Can you suggest the best way to download them?
What do you think about the ending of Alien: Covenant?
Has anyone not watched Baahubali 1?
How many polycount per character is reasonable for making pre-rendered 3D movie?
How does an actor/actress' partner feel about them regularly having to kiss other people?
Is Don Johnson a good or bad actor?
Does anyone recognize the beauty of the first frame of “Guardians of the Galaxy” on the IMAX 3D screen, where Ego's character drove off of the fields?
What are your favourite rom-com movies?
In the film industry, is the best boy a gaffer or a (key) grip?
Assuming it was properly licensed, would it be better for the web as a whole for people to stream a Netflix movie or download via torrents?
How do I download Hollywood movies in one click?
Are there any good WWII based movies?
What is the journey of the movie industry in the US?
What is your review of “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” (2017 movie)? Is the mage in the movie related to Merlin?
Why does Brad Pitt only make war movies?
Why do Kannada film industry looks for scripts from other industry? Is it true that most of the hits are from remake movies?
Why is it considered to be a bad thing for people who are rich or influential to finance their own movies?
Which is the best horror movie in Bollywood till now?
Are there any movies in Hollywood and Bollywood which is based on a narcissist?
What is your opinion about the upcoming movie of actor Jeeva?
Why has Bahubali 2 become a blockbuster movie?
What is the reason behind Magadheera's failure and Baahubali's immense success?
What is your most favorite European sci-fi film?
How many Indian actress worked in Hollywood?
On which site should I download Japanese movies with English subtitles?
Are some war strategies and fighting techniques shown in the Bahubali movie series copied from other movies?
What do you think about the character of Divyanka Tripathi, a popular television actress?
KickassTorrents used to be a good site for Afrikaans movies. Is there anywhere else?
What are the best Tollywood photoshoots?
How can I go in Bollywood?
Why are recent Kannada movies using names or references to hit movies or legendary personalities’ names?
Do the Baahubali movies have some connection with South India's history, or are these works of pure fiction? Was there a kingdom named Mahishmati?
Why has JYK (condors369) stopped uploading movies on thepiratebay.org?
Why are people angry about Joss Whedon directing the Batgirl movie?
Bahubali 2 was a disappointment. Am I alone to think so?
Will Jimi Hendrix Live at the Royal Albert Hall ever be released on film officially?
How can I download Korean movies with my phone legally free online?
What is your favourite collaborative, award-winning animated movie? Why?
You are forced to watch the same movie every day of your life. Which one would you choose?
In Star Wars, would it be possible for a boarding party to capture a Star Destroyer by holing up in one room and then decompressing the rest of the ship?
What is your review of Hindi Medium (2017 movie)?
Which upcoming 2017 summer movie will be successful in the box office?
If you could go back and remake or rewrite any movie franchise, which would you choose and what changes would you make?
Why do Bollywood make movies even after receiving so much criticism for the content they show?
Is it only in movies that sexual relationships between step relations occur in America and Europe, or do they really happen there?
What does Bollywood think about the Southern film industries after “Baahubali” and “Robot” franchises?
Does The Circle (movie) have a happy ending?
Why didn't John Carpenter and John Mctiernan get more success?
Why is Baahubali so hyped and has become a symbol of Hindu nationalism rather than just being another Indian movie?
In Die Hard (1988 film), what would have happened if the police had entered the building through the parking garage?
Is John Wick a superhero character?
Where can I find the movie “Machine” (2017)?
Which is the movie that made you most emotional?
What are some of the best underrated sci-fi horror films?
What do you think of the movie 'A Dog's Purpose’?
What are some entertaining old sci-fi/ fantasy movies?
Who's the most talented Indian male actor? (Not necessarily from Bollywood)
Is there any link to download the Rudramadevi Telugu movie?
Do I need to watch the Sherlock movie before series 3?
Can you explain the ending of Interstellar (2014)?
How do you think Baahubali 2 will fare in China?
What is the box office collection of Sarkar 3 (2017 movie)?
What is a good movie for a child?
Who was the worst villain of all time?
If your life were a movie, would you let your parents watch it?
How can I play a DVD movie on my laptop after the chances remaining to change the region have been exhausted?
Why I'm unable to find Hindi dubbed version of Hollywood movie Moonlight(2016)?
How much do the cars used in movies like Fate of the Furious cost?
Why do people watch Salman Khan's movies if they hate him so much?
Why, in TV serials or film, can't we see the cameras in front of mirrors, and which effect is this?
How dirty is Kolkata film industry?
Which are the website that gives genuine reviews to movies?
Who are the Zygerrians in Star Wars?
Which was Tollywood’s first movie?
What accent does Alex in A Clockwork Orange have?
How many cars were actually destroyed during the filming of the movie "Fast and Furious 8"?
What are the most touching scenes in Baahubali 2?
Do people actually have sex in movies scenes?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for half girlfriend Hindi movie?
What is the least believable thing about the Pirates of the Carribean series?
Does the USA make the best TV shows/movies in the world? Why or why not?
What is an audition for a movie like?
Would Baywatch be a good first date movie? My date likes comedies, and I’m planning dinner and a movie.
As shown in the movie 'Mohenjo Daro,' were the first settlers of the Gangetic plains Harappan people or invading Aryans?
What is the greatest sentence ever made?
What is one Movie you will absolutely love to watch in Cinema hall if released again?
Did that idiot Aamir Khan release dangal again to catchup with Baahubali 2?
What was the actual motive behind Bel and Genesis's torture game in the movie Knock Knock (2015)?
Who are the five tallest characters in Baahubali?
Which cinema provides the best 3D experience in Chandigarh?
Did Prabhas suit the role of Baahubali?
As an American, to what extent can you relate to "The US" as depicted in Hollywood movies?
What is Miller's Planet in Interstellar?
Is there a certain way and format to write a movie script, or do you just have to get ideas on paper?
How can I make it to Bollywood?
How can I download the latest Bollywood uncensored movies in HD?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2?
Can I make a good movie and launch it in Indian cinemas with 5 cr as the budget?
Which website gives the latest movie news?
What is the best channel on Roku for old movies?
What are some good Indian movies similar to Baahubali?
To what extent will Baahubali (Part 1 and Conclusion) change the trend of the movies in Bollywood?
What's the best film/developer combo for enlargements?
Is auctioning movie tickets legal in India?
What's it like, as an actor, to play a character that's supposed to be a bad actor?
What are some historical inaccuracies with Band of Brothers?
What is the best movie you have ever seen? What did you take advantage of?
In which film MKT and P.U.Chinappa acted together?
Did they ever find the little boy depicted in the film Changeling?
Which movie would be the best to watch on a rainy day?
What is an explanation for the ending of "The Vatican Tapes"?
What is the Telugu dialogue spoken by Dhanush in the Padikkathavan movie?
How does the movie soundtrack financial process work?
Now that Extratorrent is gone, where can I find movie releases from releaser groups like DDR, DUS, TeamOS etc?
What are the procedures required if a YouTube channel wants to upload a clip that consists of short clips from many movies? How do we get permission for this?
What are some reactions to the trailer for 'Super Singh'?
Why is it that every time in scary slasher films the girl always runs back into the house/cabin where the slasher dude is?
What would be the total cost to produce a 10-minute short film (indoor in a single location)?
What are the most important chapters that have been asked in MU OET 2017 till now?
Why is Michael Cera such a bad actor?
Why do the film stars shows such a romantic love but then this doesn't happen in the real life? Why is it so?
Is there any movie about Galileo or Copernicus?
What do movie critics think about Bahubali 2?
Movies and TV series depict death as being very quick to come after a single sword cut. Is it possible to die immediately after being cut by a sword?
Which can tell a better story, books, games, movies or TV shows?
What are some movies that are similar to The Great Wall?
What do psychopaths think about the movie "American Psycho"?
Do actors and actresses really sing in the movies? I recently watched the new live action "Beauty and the Beast" and was amazed by the vocal talent.
Why today mostly ind commercial, art film which story are good but contain bold scene, lip lock kiss why? Why it has became necssity?
How does one go about making a documentary about their life?
How many cars got crashed in all Fast and Furious movies?
If you could watch only one movie before you die, which one would it be, and why?
Would it be possible for a movie to come out today and then be widely considered the greatest of all time 5 years from now?
Have you ever told a talker in a cinema while you were watching a film to STFU?
What gear do I need to become a film composer?
How do directors shoot compilations in Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch and download the movie Fairy Tail Dragon Cry?
What does it say about a person's personality whether or not they enjoy horror movies?
If Bahubali 3 is ever made, then what will be the story?
What are the shows in the West where Hollywood actors are called for interviews?
Can a music video be classified as a short film?
How do I download the movie “Half Girlfriend”?
Is it hard for an Asian to get roles in Hollywood? If so,why?
How did Karan Johar get associated with Bahubali?
Is there an alternate reality as mentioned in sci-fi movies and shows?
Where can I watch the American drama Lie to Me with English subtitles?
What are some movies that wouldn't be able to be made today?
Why is Roger Stone admitting to all his trickery in the documentary on Netflix?
I watched Logan and I heard it is a story. What should I watch for the story?
How much do top Hollywood costume designers earn per film?
What secrets are hidden in the movie ''The Ninth Gate'' and the book itself?
Are Baahubali 1 & 2 modified versions of the old Kannada movie Mayura (Dr. Rajkumar)?
Where can I download Hollywood movies?
Where can I watch The Seventh Seal (1957) with English subtitles?
If you were to make a movie with any actor but the only advertisement the movie would get was the name of the lead actor, who would be your lead?
Dangal has grossed 1500 crores worldwide. How much will Aamir Khan earn as the producer of this film?
What is the most believable thing about Star Wars?
Is it true that some deities who are worshipped in some parts of India were actually created by a movie?
How are the names of characters determined for movies and TV?
In X-Men: Apocalypse, why was Apocalypse betrayed in the start?
In which Korean-dubbed films has Korean voice actor Ja-Hyeong Gu voiced Denzel Washington?
Was Star Wars originally meant to promote theocracy and religious extremism?
What does it mean when Spock says that Khan “exhibits 2-dimensional thinking” in “Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan”?
Why are movies like American Pie so popular?
Where will Desi Digital Releasers (DDR) post its movies since extratorrent has shut down permanently?
Does anyone have a hangover from Baahubali: The Conclusion? I am awestruck and completely smitten by the characters of the movie. Does anyone feel the same?
What is the difference between Indian style of Cinema making and that of Hollywood?
Which Hollywood movie is the most sexual of the thriller movies?
Where can I see banned Bollywood movies?
Now that Bahubali: The Conclusion has been released, what do you think is a good way to extend the story for part 3?
What is the Chinese opinion on the American film “American Sniper” (2014)?
I am 17. I watched all the Harry Potter movies and I absolutely adore them. Am I too old to read the books? Should I do it?
What is the name of a film about a "club", possibly starring James Spader?
Does the movie "No Men Beyond This Point" intend to have a prolife message?
Why are people making such a big deal out of Jennifer Lawrence's strip pole video?
Why are there so many bad reviews of Bahubali 2 on IMDB?
What are some highly popular movies or shows that are racist?
How do I download the full audio track for “Commando 2” movie in Hindi?
What major or course should I take to become a video/short film maker?
Where can I find the latest Indian movie DVD releases and dates?
How we can get the new Sarrainodu movie in Hindi?
I can’t see with my left eye as a result of an accident, and I haven’t watched a 3D movie before. Will I be able to watch one if I see everything in 2D?
What are one or more of your favourite taglines in cinematic history?
What is the number one thing that makes a movie good?
Is there a website or an app where I can make a list of already watched series and movies?
What made Sivagami egoistic in “Bāahubali 2”?
When will “Baahubali 2” be released in China?
What was James Cameron's reasoning behind the last scene in Titanic with Jack, Rose and everyone clapping?
How can I meet my favourite actor?
Why is Good Will Hunting so highly rated?
What is your worst Disney movie?
Is there any Harry Potter movie after the last one (Deathly Hallows)?
What are some events that show the true power of the internet?
What is the climax of Inception?
Is there a standard time limit for an Indian feature film that is a well-known short feature film?
Is there any Indian movie available which may replace Baahubali’s popularity?
How does the main character in Cast Away change over time?
What are some of your great ideas for a short film or animation?
Is the film "Split" a realistic depiction of split personality disorder?
Why do you think Irish mythology doesn't have many movies made about it?
Do you usually watch all snap stories or only some?
What are prospects of a comedy movie on subject of expansion of universe and Big Bang?
Do actors own what they buy when shooting a scene that involves shopping?
In India, every 2nd movie is based on a love story & people do watch it. Why don’t they understand the beauty of love and still go for outer beauty?
What are the best movies in 2017?
Being an Indian filmmaking student, how can I land a job in Hollywood production houses?
What are 18+ horror Hollywood films?
What is the reason for the movie Suryavansham being aired on Set Max for so long and in so-called regular intervals?
Is it really free to watch movies online?
What are some of the most WTF movies you've seen—anything from thriller, to gore, to plot twist?
What are your thoughts on Baahubali becoming a pan-Indian movie?
What interesting things should contain in a movie (for a fictional story)?
What did you think about Titan AE movie?
Is it possible to team up with Steven Spielberg to make a cartoon?
What skills are required for creating an animated movie?
What are some violent PG 13 movies?
How can I make a hero in Bollywood?
In the movie Silence, since Andrew Garfield apostatized their Lord, why did he still have the Jesus symbol with him in the end of the movie?
Will they ever defeat Thanos in a Marvel movie? If so, who will defeat him?
What are some Hollywood movies with the most ridiculous Hindi Dubbing?
How accurate is Ah Boys To Men in depicting the real experience of National Service?
Why were the names changed in the movie Big Short, but not in the book?
Where can I find a review of the movie “Meri Pyari Bindu”?
How does having sex for a film affect your feelings as an actress?
How can I download a movie on its release date?
What is the one movie you'd suggest to someone who is really depressed?
What's with all the movies that are adapted from books? Are they always bad to those who read the novel beforehand?
Is the Kannada movie "Hollywood" a good Indian movie, considering its release date?
How do you compare Baahubali 2 to Hollywood movies?
Where was the name Kaliyuga derived from?
What are your top 10 books/movies/games/songs this year?
How do I sell a story to Hollywood?
Where would the Fast and Furious franchise be today if Paul Walker was still alive?
In a sexual scene, are the actors truly naked?
Why should we watch film?
How can I download a movie on mobile with less size?
How can I watch an R-rated movie in the theaters?
Is a movie about Sachin Tendulkar necessary?
Which scene in Baahubali 2 gave you goosebumps?
What is that movie called where people are all the same and get their lives chosen (like their jobs and families)?
Why are British actors used so often in roles that are of different nationalities?
What is it like to imagine yourself in the body of a character/actor when you are watching a film and relating to other characters in the film?
Which is the best Punjabi movie in 2017?
How do the police feel when they watch a superhero movie?
When Europeans dub English language films, do they use particular accents? How about Japanese and Chinese films?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
When will any Indian film cross $1 billion?
What are some good unblocked free movie sites?
Which are the best South Korean movies one should definitely watch (only thriller, horror, gangster and revenge genre)?
Which is the best Disney movie in Hindi dubbed?
If you had 200 million dollars, which Indian director would you choose to direct a movie in your production?
In Secret Window, who didn't feel sorry for Mort’s wife Amy when he killed her and her boyfriend Ted?
How can we explain the phases appearing in the prepared alloy and those appearing in the films?
What is a couple movie ticket voucher?
Where can I watch New Girl with English subtitles?
What are the top 10 Bollywood movie collections of 2017?
Do I need to know the actual story of Dunkirk evacuation before watching the movie?
Is there anyone who is interested in cinematography?
What is Bahubali 2 earnings?
Where are the scenes set in Russia actually filmed?
What are some Indian movies which everyone should see at least once?
Which was the better decade for movies, comics, games, and music geeks, the 80s or the 90s?
After the Baahubali movie, is Indian​ cinema famous across the world?
Do you stand up at the movie theatre when the national anthem plays? What’s your view on it?
Where can I see a trailer for the new abc show for the people?
Why is The Cabinet of Caligari (1920) not considered a surrealist movie?
What should I do to get rid of imagining Bollywood characters?
How often are movies remade by different studios?
Has A Taste of Seduction by Sylvia Day been released?
What should I do if I am more interested in the film industry than in doing job in IT ?
Which actor/actress do you think is great but keeps on getting mediocre roles?
Which are the movie dowloading/streaming sites banned in Germany? Does anyone know if DDLValley is legal or not?
Why are there almost no good German movies except for Nazi movies?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is the Hindi movie “Dangal” such a runaway hit with the Chinese audience?
Are there any 2-disc editions of the extended versions of The Hobbit films? As in, just the films, no other bonus discs.
What movie or TV show has sparked genuine conversation between you and your child?
What are two science fiction movies deserved to be seen?
Are there any Indian Quorans who haven't watched Baahubali 2 yet and are waiting for the release on TV, Blu-ray or Netflix?
Why do more people on Quora follow the topic Movies than the topic Books?
Why do people still watch and enjoy the new Fast and Furious films?
Which upcoming Netflix movies/TV series are you most excited about?
What are the most well known movie quotes of all time?
What's the detailed casting history behind the movie Food Fight?
What makes getting into Hollywood so hard?
Do you feel that films like 'The Last Face' should be made?
Why shouldn't we take Afghanistani actors instead of Pakistani actors?
Are there Tollywood movies on a Qatar flight?
How good and reliable is a bachelor’s in the film and television department of KIIT?
Who is the worst movie actor, who is considered a star?
What movies should I watch to learn everything about Batman?
Are sex scenes in B, C, and D grade Indian films real?
Who could be the best cast if Malayalam movie "Premam" is remade in Hindi?
Did the movie “Zero Dark Thirty” change your perception about enhanced interrogation techniques?
Is it possible to copy JIO movies saved on phone to a laptop or PC?
How many of you think Bollywood songs are better than Hollywood?
How do I download or watch the new Indian movie Half Girlfriend 2017 online?
Who are the best aunties of Bollywood?
Will the Book of Atlantic Movie be showing in American theaters? If so, which regions?
Why does the Baahubali 2 movie have only a 1-star review on top on IMDb?
When will the Kirik Party DVD be released?
What are Jason Bourne's (movie) personality traits?
Is there an example of a complicated scene that failed to shoot because of its complexity?
If you could switch the soundtracks of 2 different movies with each other, which movie soundtracks would you switch?
Why has "Last of the Breed" by Louis L'Amour never been made into a movie? This is probably one of the best adventure novels of all time.
With several story ideas for screenplays, should I write the treatment first or just dive into the screenplay? And why am I so terrified to start?
Which movie does Jackie Chan act in, where in one of the scenes, someone tries to take a box out of the great wall of China, destroying it?
What motivation does Disney (or any studio) have to continue making animated shorts?
Should there be an independent board of censors for contents of social media like the ones we have for movies?
What Ian Fleming novel has inspired two different James Bond movies?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in HD (English)?
What are the similarities between the epic Indian independence movement and the movie Bahubali?
How much input does a screenwriter have on the score/music of a film?
What is the best HD movie downloading site?
What exercise does the killer perform in the movie Faster?
Why do I feel weird after watching an anime for the first time?
What factors lead to Baahubali’s success at the box office?
Is is possible to temporarily buy/rent rights to show a new film at a community event?
Was Groot a baby in the comics, or was that only in the movies?
Would it be a good idea for Mickey Mouse to get his own movie?
Is there any movie in Tamil that is better than Raavanan?
Should I worry about what age I "make it" in the entertainment industry as a writer, comedian, filmmaker, or actor? I fear that the age you make it at, matters.
When will Leo's fortune 2 come out?
Why do synthetics (androids) in the Alien universe grow hair?
What are some coolest movies ever made?
Splendor in the Grass kills me every time. Why?
(Spoilers welcome) What films contain textbook narcissistic characters? (Give a detailed answer, and name the characters.)
I like to watch incest movies a lot, especially mom and son. I myself do not have any such feelings towards my mother, so then why do I enjoy watching such movies?
Why is “Baahubali 2” a tight slap on money-minded Bollywood?
What are the signs that prove that Bahubali 3 will be released?
What are the best medieval battle scenes involving cavalry?
What is a list of the best movies with fighter dogfights or involving air warfare?
What is the difference between "Films" and "Movies" when we use these words to denote cinema?
Will a biopic ever be made on a common person?
Where can I download Bollywood movies for free?
What do teens think today when they see teen movies from the 1980s?
Where was the 1996 "The Nutty Professor" film set in?
Which are the most expensive movies ever produced in India amongst all time?
Why do people despise Ang Lee's Hulk?
Did the 1976 movie Network predict the rise of Donald Trump?
How do producers collect money from cinemas?
How can I become an actor in the Tamil cinema in a hero’s role?
How could David Fincher’s influence on film be described?
What could have prompted Autumn Snyder, the loving daughter of one of the most famous directors of the world, Zack Snyder, to commit suicide?
What is the name of the song that was playing in the Fast and Furious 8 scene, where Toretto was with his wife in the room?
Why do some people think that Sangamithra is going to be an utter flop?
Why is Rana's look different in the first and second Baahubali movie?
You say you liked a movie, but you say it becouse other than you nobody disliked it. What are those movies?
Where I can buy the cap Arjun (Dulquer Salman) wears in the Bangalore Days movie? It's more like a beanie but open on both the ends.
What caused so many sex slaves after the fall of the Soviet Union?
Is there a Lucrezia Borgia Le Castellane (or similar movie) uncensored?
Who should I contact for exclusive movie footage for trailer productions?
If some American series are neither broadcasted in my country nor subtitled in Netflix, how am I supposed to watch them legally?
Which is the best part or scene of the movie, Kung Fu Panda 2?
Star Wars: Did Vader ever laugh after being put in his suit?
Is romantic love overrated? All the movies, TV shows and novels depict it so grandly, what's so special about it?
Why is the Hindi version of Drishyam so different?
Which is the highest grossing Bollywood movie in Tamil Nadu?
What are the best English social movies?
Which is the worst movie you paid to watch in this year?
Is there any app to download movies?
Can Gordon Miller watch a film and work? I read that he has ADD and he’s able to multitask very well.
What does HDTC quality means in pirated movies?
How do I know I love my life and my future love?
What is the greatest movie of all time and why?
Which is the best Hollywood horror movie in 2015?
How likely are we to create artificial intelligence like in the movies (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ex Machina)?
Who voiced Devsena in the Tamil version of Bahubali?
In the Silence movie, when Andrew Garfield apostatized against their Lord, why in the end of the movie did he still have Jesus’ symbol?
What role is Ice Cube suitable for in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Are there any movies directed in Pak which are India friendly, like the way we have Bajrangi, Veer-Zaara, and Happy Bhaag Jayegi? Haters stay away.
How can YouTubers change into a movie star?
Why are prequels made?
What is the highest grossing Hindi movie in Tamilnadu?
How can I download an HD version of the movie Baahubali 2?
What are your five favorite movies and why did they make such a impression on you?
Is there a comic book or novel prequel to the movie “X-Men: Days of Future Past”?
Was the Warren story a report or a transcription from Alice in Wonderland?
Is Trolls a good movie?
Will Baahubali 2, after reaching 1000+ crores, make another sequel?
How can I search a director’s biography on Bloomberg (i.e., all the directors in FTSE 250 all together)?
Why didn’t the movie “Hamari Adhuri Kahani” hit box office?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
What is your reaction on the trailer of 'Behen Hogi Teri'?
How do producers of movies get money from theatres?
What is the phone used in John Wick 2?
Why have some Bollywood singers shifted from Bollywood to South Indian films to Ad films?
What do British girls (16-18) like to do? What are their favorite music artists, movies, sports, etc.?
When popular music is used in movies, would it be "used with permission"?
Where can I watch Velvet season 4 with English subtitles?
Why do I seem to enjoy films of the 80s and 90s as compared to the 2000s and 2010s?
Who is the worst female protagonist in a Tollywood movie?
Why can't 20th Century Fox team up with Marvel Studios to make an X-Men reboot in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Which is the new historical Bollywood film?
What is one observation you made but nobody has mentioned so far on Quora about Baahubali 2?
Are dangal box office figures in China real?
Which are some of the Bollywood movies that people call the worst but you like?
Seeing his performance in Masaan and Aankhon Dekhi, can we say that Sanjay Mishra is a better actor than Naseeruddin Shah or Om Puri?
What are the most well known movie quotes?
How do I find an investor for a very promising horror short film?
Do you think that the casts of Baahubali 1 & 2 were paid more or less in comparison​ to the scale and success​ of the films?
How can I rip and put DVD movies on Nabi tablets?
Was the Malayalam movie Urumi as appreciated as it should have been?
Is there any other song similar/related to Tujhse Naraaz Nahi Zindagi from the movie Masoom?
What is the best free website for streaming Hindi movies?
What is the butter flavoring at the movie theaters made of?
What was the best movie you have ever seen in 2016?
What are the best websites for Tollywood cinema?
Is it true in China you can download recent western movies legally and for free?
Why is it that in movies/TV series good-hearted characters are mostly to be the first to get screwed or killed? Does this have a hypothetical meaning?
How do films like Silence or Colossal get made where it seems like the studio has no intention of making a profit?
Which is the best Indian film in terms of money earned?
The way Hollywood depicts the CIA, is it somewhat realistic at all?
Are Indian people very excited for the movie "Sachin: A Billion Dreams"?
What's the name of the movie in which there are underwater creatures? It's genre is horror, I guess.
What is a possible mechanism of gada (mace) for Bhallaldev in Baahubali?
If you could change one thing about your favourite movie/game/book, etc., what would it be?
How many actors have won both an Oscar and a Razzie?
How is 'Hum Aapke Hain Koun' the biggest hit of Indian cinema when adjusted for inflation?
What are some movies or books related to being single? (Like 500 days of summer)?
What movies have Marvel actors Co-starred in together outside of the MCU?
Where can I find a complete list of songs from the movie King Arthur: Legend of the Sword?
Which actors and actresses deserve the accolades if there were no politics in the Academy Awards (or any awards)?
What is the deal with YouTube videos that say "Full Movie" but then open to a screen saying the film is copyrighted?
Why, in the Wizard of Oz film, does nobody see Dorothy as a killer?
How many people like to watch action movies?
What are the best Korean films to watch as a foreigner?
What should happen in the Batgirl movie?
How many MB would it take to watch a normal Bollywood movie?
If you had 1 month to live, what movies and TV shows would you watch? Why?
In Diamonds Are Forever, why was Plenty O'Toole on her way to see Tiffany Case just before she ended up in the pool with a weight around her feet?
Which elements are necessary for making a film?
Is the Sequel star wars trilogy essentially rewriting the Thrawn storyline?
How do I start making money from making movies? Should I start a video production company?
Why does movie music have a higher sound level than the dialogue?
In which movies was John Wayne named Duke?
What is 123 movies?
Which is the best website to download torrent for new Bollywood movies?
What are some calming pictures with horrifying backstories?
What Kind Of Movies People Expect From Suriya (Actor)?
When a film has 10 producers, do they expect different things or the same thing from the film?
How does a guy enter the adult film industry?
What would the Star Wars Rebels characters look like if it was live action?
Does Russia have any Red Dawn type movies showing an American invasion?
In which film did a nun bobblehead appear in a car? It might have been in any of Tarantino’s films, or films like that.
What is a script in acting?
How do I get my screenplay made in the Tamil film industry?
Why is the language used in movies hard to understand?
Which are the best sites to download new Hindi movies?
What guns does John Wick use throughout the film?
How do you feel about a Deadpool/moonknight team up Marvel movie?
Is The Exorcist based on a true story?
Which is the best website to watch online Telugu movies?
Do you also think Tom Hardy was a better actor than Leonardo Dicaprio in The Revenant?
How you see YouTubers who talk about events, games or themselves in front of camera and guys who do the same in form of good looking short films?
What are some must watch movies like those of Takovsky's?
Why is the Pakistani media mocking the Baahubali movie?
Is there any Tollywood movie which includes natural fighting scenes?
Why are Christians trying to ban books and movies like Harry Potter and His Dark Materials from the general public?
Doesn’t all of this introverted intuition and INFJ stuff resemble a movie about Stephen King's book, 1408?
Are there movies depicting real martial arts?
Will I most likely be successful if I major in film production?
What was the largest scale tank battle and has any movie captured a scale tank battle well?
In the movie "The Purge," why is murder the default offense?
Are film actors given too much intellectual space in India?
What was your reaction after the trailer for Guest in London?
Which Hollywood gangster movie would be best if remade in Tamil?
What is the story of the German movie, Die Mitte der Welt (Centre of My World) as it is not available in India?
What are some trivia about one of your favourite movies?
What is your reaction on the trailer of Kadamban?
Why can't India make more innovative films? Is SS Rajamouli the only innovator India has?
Guys, we all know that we can download newly released Hindi and English movies from torrent sites. But how can I get newly released Bengali films?
Who is the second attacker in the movie, Memento?
Why did Turner fall in love with the mermaid?
What date will Bahubali 2 be released in China?
Will there be a brand new Spider-Man in the upcoming Venom Movie or no Spider-Man at all since this new Spiderverse is not related to the MCU?
Which is the best horror movie in recent days?
What's the best way to improve the cinematography in my films?
Which is the best comedy movies in Punjabi?
Are the conditions of actresses in the Bollywood film industry accurate to as they are portrayed in the Spotlight web series & Heroine movie?
Is it better renting movies from Redbox than buying them?
Is the character of Bahubali in the movie inspired by Arvind Kejriwal?
Why do people in movies tend to use their body as shield to protect someone who is about to get hit/shot?
How can I download the background music which was played in Baahubali 2: The Conclusion?
Which are the movies similar to Captain Philips and Non-Stop?
Which movie do you prefer, Captain America: Civil War or Marvel's The Avengers?
What do South Indians think when foreigners identify Baahubali as a Bollywood movie?
Is the premise of the movie "God is NOT Dead" utterly ridiculous?
What can we expect from Baywatch (2017)?
Which actors have done films free of cost in Bollywood?
What are some of the Bollywood movies based on goal setting?
Has Hollywood ever done a movie that was only made for 1 day?
Why can't we watch a good action movie without having to put up with obscene language?
Which are the must watch foreign films of recent times especially the Iranian and Korean?
How is the career of Anushka Shetty, who played Devasena in Baahubali 2?
Are the adverts/trailers shown in the beginning/interval of a movie included in the film reel?
The Dark Knight is a super villain movie rather than a superhero movie, agree or disagree?
If James Bond was a girl what will her name be?
What are the evolutionary purposes of Ridley Scott's alien's bizarre anatomical structure and hostile behavior?
Is the HD print of Bahubali coming or not?
Is there a Hindi-dubbed movie of “Theri”?
How can I binge watch DC shows and movies? When did it really start?
Do I need to watch the previous Alien movies before I see Alien Covenant?
What was the point of the movie Draft Day?
Which is the best Hindi movie dialogue you have ever heard of?
Which was the best Tamil film ever?
What PG-13 movie should I watch?
How do I find publicity films?
Why aren't there movies on scientists and engineers in India?
What is the climax of the AfterDeath movie?
Why was Baahubali a huge hit, but Shivaay a flop?
Is Baahubali: The Conclusion really that great of a movie with as much success as it had? If yes, why?
If cinema is considered the 7th art, what are the other 6?
What is the reverse engineering of movie industry?
What makes you like epic movies?
How and where should I start if I want to start working in the film industry as a writer and director?
Will Prabhas’ upcoming film with Katrina be a success as nowadays films featuring Katrina are flopping?
What don't you like about Baahubali?
What song did Emad Etesami and Rana sing together in the Iranian movie The Salesman?
What is the most brilliant thing in a movie?
What is the average size of the movies that are broadcasted on TV?
What can you do in a cinema that you can't do at home? You can watch a film on a big screen with a good surround system, so why even go to the cinema?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu films filled with overacting (dialogue), the objectification of women, and extreme heroism?
Was the Titanic movie a real life story?
Approximately how many people died in the movie Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
What were some notable ripoff films that were released in the 1970's?
Who is the actress who played the role when Michael Corleone was in Italy? Why didn't she appear in any other movies?
In a movie/TV show, how does one strike a balance between having characters explain stuff for the viewer and not having them sound like idiots?
Who do you think can play Itachi Uchiha (Naruto) in a film?
What is a meaning of "Geek buff"and "Informal Buff"?
What bothers you the most about YouTube movie review shows?
What is so great about the Gadar movie?
What is the best date to date?
What’s the difference between a sad movie and a dark, gritty movie?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
What does “climax” mean in the movie Predestination?
Which Indian film industry does Raju Singh work in?
Is it possible to download movies legally?
What are some things that can be done now to help me get into the film industry?
For what purpose would one go to a movie streaming app, other than for watching a movie or a show?
Why don't celebrities’ kids go to acting school before acting in films?
How much of the 1500 crores from Baahubali 2 goes to the producers?
Where I can download The Fate of the Furious 8?
After a long day at work, how can I motivate myself to write my own TV shows and movies instead of napping and watching TV all evening?
How long does it take to film an episode?
Which is the best horror- thriller movie ever in Hollywood?
Have you ever written a movie script or novel without any planning, just to see where it goes?
Which is the best site to download malayalam movie?
Would you please rank the 007 movies from best to worst, including Never Say Never Again?
What are the countries, do not make movies?
What are the best anime series and/or movies I should watch? Only recommend ones you have watched and liked. It should be less than 50 episodes.
Could Baahubali win an Oscar?
Where can I find books, movies, and plays?
Are the equations all over the blackboards in movies like Good Will Hunting or Hidden Figures real or just made up for visual interest?
Which parts of 2012 (movie) were correct?
Why do heroes win at the end of every movie?
How can I download the full Baahubali 2 movie in Tamil?
Have any villages been made famous by movies?
Can I light a scene using just my phone flashlight​ and attain that near to film look?
Where should I move to if I like the experience of seeing a movie at an old school movie palace?
Should we expect a movie based on "The Silmarillion" anytime soon?
Who dubbed for Tamanna Bhatia, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj in Malayalam version of Bahubali?
Will there be live action sequels to 2010 film "Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time"?
Is it true that the new movie Beauty and the Beast was banned in Russia?
Who first made pani puri in India?
Can we, will we be able to, upload our conscienceness to a computer like in the movie Transcendence?
What are the do's and don't's in creating a villain in a movie?
Is "why did Kattapa kill Baahubali" overrated now that you know why?
How are scenes in ads, movies, etc. shot where empty streets or areas are shown?
Since war movies are better than real war and crime movies are better than real crime, are porn movies better than real sex?
Has your visits to the IMDb website and app decreased since they got rid of the message boards?
What Asian dramas or movies with gay male characters do you recommend?
Has an Indian actress dubbed the voice for Saba Qamar in the movie Hindi Medium?
Which one do you think is the better, Baahubali or Dangal?
How do I get roles as an actor for plays/movies (anything)?
What are the best Hollywood movies made on railways background?
How could you call the trend to portray villains aestethically unpleasant?
Who would you cast as the Bride of Frankenstein in the 2019 remake?
Which movie is better: “Baahubali 2” or “Dangal”?
Am I required to turn in my 3D glasses at the end of a movie?
What is your reaction on the trailer of Hansal Mehta's 'Simran'?
How is the movie “Zombieland”?
How sucky are Baahubali movies?
Where can I download Hollywood movies before they’re released in India?
What do Pakistanis think about the Dangal movie not being released in Pakistan?
Did the accountant kill his father?
In the movies and television, why do gangsters, drug dealers and the like have minions that do their dirty work for them?
Why didn’t Bahubali kill Bijjaladeva in part 2?
Does it means that existential movies are realistic movies?
In the case of an emergency, like in the Martian movie, how much fuel and time is required to reach Mars via the shortest path?
What are the best websites to watch anime shows and films?
As a foreign tourist in India, have you ever acted as an extra in a Bollywood movie? If yes, when and how?
What is the release date of Pirates of the Caribbean 5 in India?
What is a fast speed film?
If some deleted scenes are added back to Bahubali 2, will people go back to the theaters just to watch the added scenes?
Why is Diamonds are Forever not more highly regarded when it is clearly the second best Bond movie, after OHMSS?
How can I create an amazing script for a movie?
What are the top 10 movies on Netflix?
How dominating are male lead roles in films compared to female lead roles?
Is the story in the movie Seventh Sense true (Tamil/Telugu)? Is the Indian saint responsible for the martial arts and medicine in China? How much research was put into this?
What do you think about the new movie Jattu Engineer?
Which are some of the best action, thriller, suspense movies?
What did you feel after watching the movie "36 Vayathinile"?
Which child actors did you have a crush on?
Why can’t Jackie Chan be declared as James Bond?
Why is it that most Disney films Frank Welker is in, he only does vocal effects?
What would it take to make a disease-scanner like the one in the movie "Passengers"?
Why are American girls so sexualized on the media?
Who are the famous actors with poor acting but excellent screen presence?
Why is it always dark when the police come in, whether it's into a house or warehouse, in movies? Why don't they turn on the lights?
Why are Bahubali movies so overrated?
How did Shivgami Devi of the Baahubali movie series fail to sense her husband and son's conspiracy to kill Amrendra Baahuballi?
What filters do Hollywood directors use to make their movies look great?
In the movie Monster Trucks, how did the creatures not explode?
What are your top 3 movies that always make you laugh?
How do I download John Wick: Chapter 2 for free with no log in or sign in?
In Alien:Covenant (2017), when and how exactly did the "swap" happen?
Where is the Baby Jen puppet used in The Dark Crystal?
In the Narnia movie "Prince Caspian", was Reepicheep the mouse killing people (and enjoying wisecracking about it)?
What is the difference between Bollywood movies and daily soaps now?
Who does promotion for Bollywood movies?
In an old classic movie, there were the prank of an office worker, a coffee slogan, and the worker’s friends tricking him into thinking that he won money. Which movie is that?
Why hasn’t the Indonesian government taken down pirated movie stalls?
If all the young Tollywood and Kollywood superstars were to fight each other, who would win, and which particular actor would have the highest kill count?
Is anyone able to point me to some relatively new films on medieval Ireland?
What are the best things to do on a 2 hour date apart from movie?
What is the most iconic movie house?
Which is best update website for movie news?
What will they do to the costumes used by the cast of a film?
Who is Raju Garu in the Vangaveeti movie?
What is the best anime series/movie ever? Is it Dragon Ball?
What are the movies that inspire you?
Is it possible that a movie could hypnotize people?
Where can I watch My Secret Romance?
Can you tell me your MBTI type and your favorite movies?
Why is roaring used as a display of strength in movies?
How do I open a movie theater/cinema in Pakistan?
Is there any book that narrates the emotions of a person who sabotaged his own relationship, life?
Why are DC movies doing so bad in the box office?
Why don't some people like Bahubali 2?
What are some movies where CPR is used? (Movies after 2010)
What is your experience with writable whiteboard film?
Does Legends material in Star Wars belong to Disney as well as Canon?
Are Indian movies really better than Chinese movies?
Have you seen the movie 'Pathemari'? It made me cry.
Are the 90s Disney movies the greatest? Why or why not?
Can we compare Bahubali 2 with Hollywood movies?
What is that quote about cinema being about taking pictures of girlfriends?
Where can I find the correct site to download Armistice (2013 movie)?
What is the total collection of Baahubali 2?
In The Ring (2002), did Rachael die by the end of the film?
What are the similarities between Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (2014 movie) and Badrinath Ki Dulhania (2017 movie)?
What is the best site to watch Movies for free without registration?
What was your reaction after watching Baahubali 2?
If there would be a movie or TV series out of Skyrim, would you want it?
Which website can one download the movie Bichumoo (Flying warriors) from? It's an old Korean movie
Did watching Tron give you a headache?
What is the best moment in your life till this date?
Is it possible that movies are parallel universes created in the multiverse with time dilations making all things possible?
Where can I download John Cena’s new 2017 movie?
What kind of performance in acting audition attracts the most to casting directors to get shortlisted?
What are your views on the movie “A Beautiful Mind”?
How did Baahubali 2 earn so much money all over the world, despite not being a mainstream Bollywood film and being a regional film?
Do you find the actor Baris Arduc attractive?
In the old Bonanza episodes, why is Hoss the only character with his own "theme" music?
What would they be like if the Baahubali series had been directed by Christopher Nolan?
Can I ever find a real life riddle to solve like in movies or books?
How did they control the balloon in the 1956 movie, "The Red Balloon" directed by Albert Lamorisse?
Which Hollywood movie has the most sex scenes?
What is the Westchester Incident in the movie Logan?
What Sci-fi movies should I watch? I don't watch movies but today I want to watch. What is the latest one?
Will the Harry Potter movies suffer more criticism over time for the lack of diversity in the cast?
Is Enter the Dragon an overrated Kung Fu film?
Would Bahubali 2 earn 1000+ crore if the movie had not been hyped by the question, ‘Why did Katappa kill Bahubali?’
Which similar plot movies were released within a span of 5-6 years and were both successful?
What's a movie where the guy gets his heart broken by a girl, loses his mind, and comes back years later as a super villain?
Why are most of the commercial Telugu movies filled with overacting (dialogues), objectifying women and extreme heroism?
How do I download Hindi movie bàhubali 2?
Who do you think is the winner between Bahubali and Dangal?
Does Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood" remind you of Dave Brubeck's style?
Why was Logan movie's budget so high?
While watching a movie scene of a boy crying after the death of his lover, I started to think about what I would have done in that situation. Why?
Why is low-budget Hollywood movie cinematography better than most of the Indian films?
How do I download movies in HD?
Where can I find books or movies about King James?
Do the war and fight scenes in Baahubali 2 have any resemblance to scenes from GoT, LoTR, or WWE?
Where can I download "T2 trainspotting" movie in a good quality?
Where can I find the latest Hollywood movies with English subtitles?
How can I see the movie Kirik Party online?
Was there a moment in the latest King Arthur movie that showed an Oriental influence or style?
What happened at the end of the movie Abzurdah?
How should I download the Marathi movie, Anvat, from the internet?
Why do low-budget movies not get enough credit in Indian cinemas?
How are movies projected today? What is the process by which a movie gets to the theater and then onto the screen?
Can I really have skills like a special agent in the movies, let's say Jason Bourne?
Do foreigners watch Indian movies in theatres?
After the end of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, will Peter Quill still be able to hold an infinity stone like in Vol. 1?
Was Anushka Shetty's performance in Baahubali 2 so much better than that of Tamanna Bhatia's?
Which is the comedy Bollywood movie that contains this dialogue "kesi behki behki baate karr rahe ho"?
What movie had the biggest impact on you and why?
What will the movie industry look like in 20 years?
What is your reaction on the teaser of Prabhas' Saaho'?
Are some movie stunts so dangerous that insurance companies either will not cover them, or the cover is too costly to buy?
How do I stream movies online without data?
How do TV and cinema compare as forms of entertainment?
What is the best world cinema movies list?
If a TF2 movie was ever made, who would be in the cast and who would direct it?
What are the best English language private torrent trackers for Chinese TV and movies?
Which are the most accurate film/TV adaptations of Agatha Christie's works?
What is the difference between IMAX and 3D movies?
What do you think is the future of VFX in Indian cinema, with great films like Bahubali 2.0 and Bahubali? Can it compete with Hollywood in the coming times?
Is it really necessary to show sex scenes in movies? Can't they just show the actors in bedsheets, assuming they had it.
How is Dangal a Muslim movie and Baahubali a Hindu movie?
Why did the Gaea Universe series fail before it really started?
What is meant by a sequel?
Why are most filmmakers of TV and film documentaries about animals, science, religion, history, geography, etc., European, Australian, American, New Zealander, and Russian?
You are a movie director, you are shooting a robbery scene for your biggest movie project you've worked on so far, what would the scene look like?
What is the worst choreography in Hindi movies?
What are the things that movies get wrong about medicine and doctors?
What are the facts that took Baahubali beyond the expectations?
How well would you fare if you were the main protagonist in your favorite horror movie?
Apart from 'themoviespoilers.com', are there any other known websites that publish complete spoilers for newly released movies?
Do you think the Star Wars remake for Space Mountain was kind of a waste?
What are some suggestions for some fantasy-adventure movies, TV shows and PC games?
Does Netflix's size and/or business model allow it to create higher quality TV and movies? Why or why not?
Why do all Hollywood comedy shows and serials have laughter sounds (in the background) whenever any comedy scene happens. Is it really required?
Is there any good excuse to go out to a movie with a boyfriend?
Why are only a few scenes in IMAX films shot with IMAX cameras?
Was Darth Vader`s part in the original movies expanded "on the fly"?
Do any underwater disguised safe deposits, similar to what was shown in the movie "Mission: Impossible- Rogue Nation," exist?
What does a script for a porno movie look like?
Are scenes of the movie Original Sin real?
Why is the “Nayak” movie of Anil Kapoor always showing on Zee Cinema?
How is the racial makeup of extras/people in very small roles in movies chosen?
Why didn’t James McAvoy win an Oscar or even got nominated for his acting in the movie Split?
What movie has the most accurate depiction of in-game baseball strategy?
Which movies, dramas have continuous plain and casual full nudity throughout?
Nikhil's upcoming movie Keshava seems to be a intriguing movie looking at the trailer. What is the movie all about?
Why does Hollywood prefer making prequels to sequels?
Why did the Chinese get so inspired by the Hollywood movie “Top Gun” and pull off an “inverted middle finger salute” against the American Air Force?
Do directors in Hollywood say 'Light, Camera, Action'?
Even just for watching Blu-ray or even DVD movies, does a dedicated graphic card still give a better video performance than the internal graphic chip?
How do I create dual audio movies in CyberLink or Wondershare?
What do non-Indians think of Bahubali?
How come Dangal made so much money in China, without any promotional events at least?
If a biopic on Rahul Dravid is ever made, who should play him?
Why does Bollywood not make sensible and good movies anymore, except for a few ones?
Are the portrayals of military engagement with transformers in Michael Bay's movies accurate and realistic?
Is there any movie / TV episode where a woman steps or stomps her high heel on a man's foot?
This summer is predicted to be an all time low for blockbuster box-office. Are Hollywood tentpoles just getting stale?
What movie character do you feel the most hate against?
How do I get a script in front of Angeline Jolie?
What anime movies would you suggest I watch?
How does any movie earn?
What are your views on the movie Maroon (2016), and its ending?
Why is musical not a popular movie genre as it used to be?
How is the 300 movie?
What is the book’s name in the movie “MANAM” when Nagarjuna met with Samantha at the book shop?
Are Bollywood movies famous in China?
How difficult would it be to shoot a small short film at an Ikea store (aspiring filmmaker, very small production, no bigger than a 5 people crew)?
In the movie American Pie Beta House, why are Stifler and his friends called 'Betas' inspite of the fact that they arent beta males?
Is New York as great as films and TV make it out to be? And where did all the hype come from?
When does “The Princess Bride” take place?
In what movie did Arnold Schwarzenegger say "So why am I still alive?"
What do Pakistanis think about movies like Veer-Zaara, Gadar, Border, etc.?
Can you give a crappy description of your favorite book or movie?
What is your opinion about film director Priyadarshan?
Why was the movie No Smoking heavily panned by the critics?
Why do some wars have more movies made about them than others?
What is the MBTI personality type of Amerandra Baahubali from the movie series Baahubali?
Why are so many television shows and movies produced in Georgia?
What does Stan Lee do with his money?
Which is the most direct movie on enlightenment?
Will Thanos kill Doctor Strange to get the Eye of Agamotto in Avengers:Infinity Wars?
If you had to choose just one movie for a new president, which one would it be, and why?
How do I get work as a Grip on a film or TV set?
How do actors behave if, after watching the opening of their film, they find that it is horrible? Do most actors see the whole film, or just some clips before the opening?
Why are the names of the lead roles in Titanic and lost the same?
Where do actors stay in Cannes?
Where can I get Bollywood new movies?
Is Manuel Kaminski from the novel Ich und Kaminski (Me and Kaminski) and its film adaptation based on a real person?
Did Baahubali 2 beat the box office collections of Aamir Khan's Dangal?
Who are some of the best set designers in modern film industry?
Was it ever explicitly stated how the Star Wars prophecy was told?
Why are there so many porn films where Indians are with Africans?
What are your thoughts on Tom Hardy playing Venom?
Are there any horror movies that have a serious theme?
Are there any movies besides "Hardcore Henry" that are entirely in first person perspective?
What are some of the best looks from Cannes Film Festival 2017?
Why do some actors choose to go uncredited in movies?
What's the best nature documentary movies online stream website?
What is the best film of all time, and you cannot say a couple you have to choose one?
What is the perfect title for a short film based on the awareness of youngsters?
How does teen movie comedy stay relevant?
How many short films do I need to make in order to get into the industry?
Where can I get Baahubali 2 on Blu-ray?
What are small details we might have missed in Malayalam movies, e.g. Maheshinte Prathikaaram?
In how many Indian movies has Shahid Afridi been mentioned? What movies are they?
Why are scientists not celebrated like movie industry stars in India?
How did you feel about Ghostbusters (2016)? Many people didn't like that the cast was all female.
Is the new movie 'Get Out' scary?
What did you think about Tom Felton's acting in all of the Harry Potter movies?
How many Danny Dyer films are there?
What is an example of a good documentary where the main scenes are of the narrator?
What are the top 20 must watch movies of all time?
How can I download the latest movies?
In the end of the movie 'The Prestige' which Borden survived?
Who is the best and most qualified director in Sonipat?
Where can I download Star Wars 8 right now (and what do you think about it)?
Is the Baahubali movie overrated?
Why do horror movies or television shows have sexual themes?
Why is breaking the 4th wall such a successful technique in comedy?
Will there be other X-Men or Wolverine movies after Logan, X-Men: Dark Phoenix, etc?
Why are men always the main character?
What are some good emotional movies like "Innocent voices"?
Why is the “Kirik Party” movie overrated?
Which is better; Blade Runner, Akira, or The Matrix?
What is the secret to Baahubali's axe in both movies?
Does watching movies with English subtitles help people learn English and develop listening skills?
Can one make out with his girlfriend in a movie theatre?
Which Korean actor is the best in 2017?
How will a Star Wars TV series surrounding the events of KoTOR be received?
What are the reasons behind the huge success of Bahubali 2?
Shouldn't the Indian filmmakers make a movie based on Operation Khukri in Sierra Leone? Who should that director be?
Is it a bad idea to watch Star Wars in episodic order? Would that make one like Star Wars less?
What is a website to look for movies to find only a scene from the movie, and not the complete movie?
In movies as well as television, in-coming mortars sound like artillery fire. Is this true or are they Hollywood sound effects?
What's the 70s movie where a second rate rodeo cowboy is hitch hiking and meets a girl in a Cadillac convertible?
Did they use a real tiger in the Life of Pi movie?
In the movies, why is it that when you see a back-of-head shot, the actor's mannerisms and movements are often out of sync with his/her dialogue?
What is your opinion about the movie "A Monster Calls"?
In the movie Prometheus (2012), why did the engineers try to kill the human beings?
Is The Ghazi Attack a rip-off of the Hollywood movie called USS Seaviper (2012)?
How can I stop someone from watching pirated movies?
What was the collection till yesterday of Baahubali 2?
What's so Indian about the movie series Baahubali?
Was there a dearth of good horror movies in the 1990s?
What was the quote at the end of Fast and Furious 7?
How can I watch any Hollywood movie with subtitles for free?
Why can't they keep the size, scale, and proportion of robots in the Transformers movies consistent?
Will making short films help to enter into the film industry?
When will the movie The Shack be in Redbox?
How do I download the Babu Baga Busy movie?
What British accent do most British actors use in movies?
What is that one movie that you believe is the story of your life?
Why are films about Batman way more popular or successful than films about Spiderman?
Are American public schools as awful, rude, and ruthless as depicted in films (e.g., Mean Girls, 17 Again, etc.)?
Is there any chance that extended version DVDs of the Baahubali duology will be released in the near future?
Since there are different writers about the Man of Steel, which Superman (from comics, TV shows, to movies and cartoons) do you like the most?
How can a person appear in an MCU movie?
Whose anime movies do you enjoy watching more: Hayao Miyazaki's or Makoto Shinkai's?
What is the problem of some Egyptians with the best actor of their country, Adel Imam?
What is the box office collection for any movies?
How can I download Guardians of the Galaxy movie in a Tamil-dubbed version?
Can I sell an idea about an animation movie to Pixar?
Who is your favorite character in books and movies (local or foreign)? Why?
What are some actions that actors don’t do that we don’t notice?
What would a Batman movie look and feel like if it had an Avatar-like humungous budget?
What animation software was used in the Baahubali movie?
Is the 1991 remake of the movie “A Kiss Before Dying” better than the original one (1956)?
Are there any famous movie directors (any language) who were poor and had no movie background at all?
In what order should I watch the Ben 10 series and movies?
Which is the most passionate and fulfilling romantic movie?
Is there more than one Darksaber in Star Wars?
Where can I watch the movie “Fair Tail: Dragon Cry”?
Is unconsciously mimicking some behaviors from your favorite movie characters only normal?
Can I kiss my girlfriend inside a movie theater?
What happens in the brain when someone no longer fears horror movies or roller-coasters?
Which are the most underrated horror movies you have ever seen? And which scared you the most?
Was Devasena raped by Bhallaldev?
Which other South movie is loved in the North other than the “Baahubali” series?
How do I start a website that streams new movies and sitcoms legally?
Where can I learn filmmaking and screenwriting online for free (with links, if possible)?
Which movie do you think you shouldn't have watched?
Can you think of films where one character is an idealist and the other is cynical/skeptical, and their roles are reversed halfway through?
Where was the movie Rebellious Flower shot?
Is there any way to register a movie script for free, without a Union card?
In the event of an apocalyptic breakdown of a government, would society truly devolve to chaos as we see predicted in movies & books?
Before YouTube was invented; could you watch movie trailers online?
What are some good movies about Hollywood actors besides Mulholland Drive?
Why is the Indonesian actor, Tania Gunadi, not as famous as Cinta Laura, even though Tania has starred in more films and TV series in Hollywood?
What are your favourite 10/10 Bollywood movies?
What are some of the best suspense Bollywood movies that I can watch on YouTube or Hotstar?
For dating tips, who is the main British woman character?
Which is the romantic movie that made you cry?
How can I find the movie about football club?
How can I make my films look more professional?
Are there any classic movies that are a must-watch?
Where can I watch Sarkar 3?
Do movie film crews get boners when shooting a sexy scene?
What is the best African movie you've ever seen?
Which novel was the basis for the Karnan movie that was released in the Tamil language and acted in by Shivaji Ganeshan?
What are some things that you love about avant-garde films?
What other movies go with Suicide Squad, or is it a stand-alone movie?
Why do you think that Kaiser Haque is the best option for film reviews?
What films have the theme, "the same day recurs when the actor/actress awakes"?
Am I the only one who thinks Baahubali 2 is overrated and over hyped?
Which movies would fans of "The Mask" (1994) like?
Why didn't Weyland Utani send a bunch of Walters instead of a human crew?
What are the best mysterious Hollywood movies like 'The journey to the center of the earth'?
Where could I download new Kannada movies without torrent?
What secrets has the River Thames not released yet?
What is the most dumbest dance choreographed for a song to an actor or actress?
What do you feel about the theory that James Bond is a code name used by multiple people?
Has anyone watched the movie 'The Story of O’? What do you think about it?
How did you guys watch mcu? In chronological order or in time it has been released?
What are the best websites to upload a subtitle file for a short film?
Nearly all movie soundtracks always have "motion picture" in brackets. Why use that term, or mention it at all?
In movies and/or animated shows where time travel exists, it is said that you shouldn't alter the timeline. Why?
Where can I find all animal sound effects used in movies?
Baahubali is as much a Tamil film as it is a Telugu film. Why do people refer to Baahubali as a Telugu film?
Can an Indian movie in English be selected for the Oscars general category?
How do I download the Marathi movie Anvat?
What is the best dialogue/speech in recent films?
Which are some of the plot holes in the movies and TV series in the Marvel universe?
What movie features an actor/actress who plays the most number of different characters in that movie?
The Martian has a good story line, but does the movie skip over explanations just for entertainment?
Why are the X-Men movies so poor compared to the Marvel movies?
Do actors ever actually ask directors 'What's my motivation?'?
What are some movies that have "too much action" to you?
Who is the best actor for Dhoom 4?
Could Forrest Gump have been court-martialed for not leaving Lieutenant Dan behind as Lieutenant Dan ordered him to do?
In what order should I watch Haikyuu?
How can I start a movie distribution business in Bangalore?
Are there any Hollywood actors/actresses that are both extremely talented and extremely attractive?
In which film does Michael Clarke Duncan act as a gangleader and participate in a game of killing other gang leaders?
How late into post-production was the title "Revenge of the Jedi" still being used for Star Wars VI?
What is the dish that Aamir Khan and Preity Zinta have in a scene in Singapore in the movie Dil Chahta Hai?
Which quality should I prefer while downloading movies or any videos from the internet?
What are the best dialogue lines from Bollywood for Mother’s Day?
Is the story of Shin Chan true?
What is your favorite part of the movie Up?
What will be the plot for a science fiction novel or movie of the year 2300 or later?
How many film industries are there around the world except for Hollywood and Bollywood? Can you rank them based on popularity and revenue earned?
Do you ever film in the United States?
Could the Men in Black (1997 movie) defeat the Chitari invasion from the Avengers (2012)?
What are the lessons learned from Baahubali 2?
When are new movies added to Hotstar?
On what basis are the prices of movie tickets fixed?
Did Amarendra Baahubali reborn as his own son Mahendra?
If Warner Brothers bought the movie rights to Spider-Man from Sony, could they use him in a movie with Batman and other DC characters?
Did Prabhas secretly portray a triple role in both Baahubali films?
Are WWE matches real or fake? I have heard from many guys that it is scripted and shot like a film shoot.
If the original trilogy films were like samurai films, then what are the prequels and new trilogy films?
Is there a family relation among Sharla Cheung and Maggie Cheung?
I am a college student in Delhi and have my story and script ready for my first short film. How do I fund the production of my film (weak financials)?
Do you know any good movies about miserable people and their lives?
Have you ever seen a double decker or 2-story house trailer?
What were the reasons for Baahubali’s success?
Would Deathstroke have been a better villain than Bane in the Batman movie The Dark Knight Rises?
What scene in a movie has the most gunfire blasting?
What are some of the must watch English, Hindi, and Bengali movies that people don't know about?
What is the title of the Woody Allen movie in which a Jewish character listens to Hitler speeches?
Is there anyone who hates watching movies? If yes, why?
How do they make cartoon films?
Are there any scenes in the new Fifty Shades of Grey movie in which the main characters eat together?
What makes Daniel Craig appalling as James Bond?
Can we play Blu-Ray movies or 1080p movies on a Lenovo Yoga Tab 3?
What are some good ‘80s teen movies?
Why does the media not give as much attention to the Bahubali stars as compared to the attention received by the Bollywood actors and actresses?
How would I best go about contacting influential directors like James Cameron?
How do Star Wars gravity generators work?
Why is violence in movies/videogames so amusing?
Why do most of the Hollywood movies have fewer songs, compared to Bollywood?
What would happen if the architect in the Matrix movies is in someone's simulation?
Who voiced Devsena in the Hindi version of Baahubali?
How can I download bahubali 2 full movie in HD?
What are your reasons for not liking Hollywood?
Will anybody talk of the duration 00:58:57 to 01:01:03 of Baahubali: The Beginning movie?
Why does Hollywood talk about Mexico in American movies a lot?
At what age should my child first watch the Star Wars movies?
Which movie did you enjoy watching the most in a theater?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever watched?
Which Hollywood actresses sleep with directors and producers?
What are the requirements to be an actor?
One of my friend used torrent to download a movie. Is he in trouble?
What happens at the end of the movie The Words?
Is it fun for movie stars to have sex on-screen?
Will PVR Velachery show subtitles for Hindi movies?
Does becoming an adult film actor/porn star can interfere with my professional movie/film acting?
While shooting sex scenes in Asian movies, do the actresses actually get naked?
When will they make the sequel to Bladerunner, or “Bladerunner 2”?
Star Wars vs. Marvel? Which movies do you love and why?
What did you learn from the Steve Jobs movie?
Which are the best seats in Director’s Cut?
Were the midichlorians ever mentioned again in either the prequel trilogy or in the pre Disney expanded universe after “The Phantom Menace”?
Are there any Indian movie names that are bad for human relationships?
What are some Disney cartoon movies which we will love to see?
Have you ever walked out of a movie?
Do actors cover up their private parts while playing in sex scenes or do they just flash it to each other like it's normal?
Which monument in Lucknow is Akshay sitting at with a broken arm in the movie Jolly LLB 2?
Where can I find Steins;Gate with English subtitles?
What are some TV shows/movies with gay girls (preferably younger and not sexualized)?
What time periods do the Disney princesses live in?
How can I download the Marathi super-hit movie, Sairat, dubbed in Hindi?
I've edited two short films and now I need to make a portfolio, how should I go about it?
Why is south Indian movie industry so obsessed with showing navels?
Which fictional weapons can become real? The idea can be from movies, comics, or novels.
Why didn’t Toneri Ōtsutsuki help Momoshiki and Kinshiki in the movie Boruto?
Is it legal to film in a cemetery?
Which was Vinod Khanna's last movie in 1982?
What are legal watching sites?
What does Jake Williams think about the movie Fantastic Mr. Fox?
What are the best teenage-themed gay romance movies?
Why does Tara beg/plead to be with Ved in the movie Tamasha?
Is it still possible to buy a movie ticket at the counter of the Cathay Cinema nowadays?
Which of your senses are used when you are watching a movie?
What if Allu Arjun was there in Baahubali 2 instead of Prabhas?
Which director is the most suitable person to direct Dr APJ Abdul Kalam's biopic?
Please suggest the name of a TV program which is based on a film review?
Who has more screen credits than James Cromwell?
What song, movie or TV series are you ashamed to admit that you like?
Are there any sites where you can download Tamil, Hindi and Kannada movies in Blu-ray?
How I can download the Baahubali 2 full movie?
Which movie star do you think is the sexiest (of the gender(s) you prefer)?
Has anybody ever killed themselves after starring in a horror film?
Can we meet Hollywood or Bollywood stars at the Cannes Film Festival?
Can I request a cinema hall to show a movie which I want?
Which is the best horror movie in Hollywood till today?
What will you name a 26 movies series using all the 26 letters of the alphabet in the start?
Are there any movies/media with making of/behind the scenes of porn movies?
How I can get discounted movie tickets?
Who is the most popular dark-skinned actor/actress from southern regional cinema who has broken into mainstream Bollywood (Hindi) cinema?
Why don't they shoot movies and television shows at Disney's Hollywood Studios (Disney MGM Studios) and Universal Studios in Florida anymore?
How can I get the download link of the song "Raunakein Tham Tham Ke" by Kavita Seth from the movie "Trishna"? (2011)?
What is the least believable thing about the Matrix?
Is Oldboy the best Korean movie ever made?
Where can I download Hindi movies with English subtitles?
Where does the information on IMDb come from?
What is the difference between cameras for still photography and movie making/film?
I have to do a drama class projects. What is a good genre for a silent film?
If the trailers for upcoming movies look really good, why don't they just release the movie?
In Movies and TV why do they always use "feedback" when someone approaches the microphone and isn't that predictable?
When rewatching a film with a plot twist, should the film be viewed as if one were watching it for the first time or with the viewer's new knowledge?
How are fight scenes shot so that they appear to be happening faster than possible?
What is your reaction on the trailer of 'Dear Maya'?
What are the motives of the Android David in the Alien franchise?
How do I make YouTube to automatically generate english subtitles for english movies ?
Where can I download dhruva Telugu movie in HD?
What is your review of Half Girlfriend (2017 movie)?
How do I become a person who selects which movies to be played at the Cannes Film Festival?
How can I contact the actor/producer/director Tyler Perry directly or via his personal email address?
Which movie is better, Aayirathil Oruvan or Baahubali?
Is Ridley Scott's Alien prequel series too ambitious for its own good?
Which is the best psychological Indian movie?
What is this classic black and white comedy movie called? I remember a small, not so detailed part. This guy wanted to do a radio broadcast.
What is the most realistic movie you've ever seen?
What is your favorite movie caption?
Why do people insist on calling flight attendants "stewardesses", even on TV and in movies?
Which scenes in Baahubali 2 made you get goose bumps?
If the MCU Avengers watched Kimi no Na Wa in the cinema, what will they say and think?
If you could replace an actor in any movie, which movie would it be and who would you play?
What are the life lessons that we can learn from the movie PK, in about 6 to 7 pages?
How do I write a film treatment for sequels?
What are some movies like Coherence & The Invitation?
What if Leonardo DiCaprio made a movie with Disney?
Have any professional movie crews ever shot pictures of actual UFOs while filming their production?
What are the lessons you learned from the movie Dangal?
In the movie Frank, he wears a giant mask because of a condition. What condition is it?
Where do we get downloadable free kids movies?
Which Bollywood movies are based on Agatha Christie novels?
Who played a double role in Sholay?
If Bahubali is so great, what about films like Mayabazaar?
What fictional character do you feel the most sorry for or pity?
What is the best website to watch Telugu dubbed movies?
How can you deeply immerse yourself in a story (book, movie, game, etc.)?
Is there a way to broadcast video that you are watching on VLC to another person’s computer who is also running VLC so 2 ppl. can watch movies while synced?
What is the one horror movie that had you afraid to go to bed that night?
Which movie is for you the best Kurosawa movie?
How can Jharkhand have 100% entertainment tax on movies?
Where can I download Kabali (HD) with English subtitles?
You must choose one movie to be remade, starting next year. After the remake is released, the original film will be gone forever. What do you choose?
What are your thoughts on The Emoji Movie?
What would have happened if Bahubali 2 and Tubelight released on the same date?
Is copying movies from PC to iPhone safe?
Who named the Indian film industry 'Bollywood'?
Do you think any Hollywood movies will be made about the Donald Trump Presidency?
Why are subtitles not downloaded while downloading movies from Hotstar?
Can you spot the similarities between “Baahubali” movie series and “Kaaviya Thalaivan (Tamil)” movie?
What are the best spiritual movies in Hollywood?
Do you think hachi is the loveliest movie ever made?
Can anyone give me the English subtitles of the movie Ponyo?
In which Moroccan city is the famous movie studio based?
How do sound effects affect the comedic value of a film or show?
Which is the best site to download the latest movies?
What is a film critic's/movie buff's reaction to the words "Tyler Perry movie”?
What do you think of the film Barman: The Killing Joke?
I heard somewhere that most award shows (Emmys, Oscars, etc.) are corrupt? Is this true?
What are the most profitable localizations in the film dubbing industry?
What are movies like Dorfman in Love?
Where can I download the sexy Durga movie?
If a movie is restored digitally and output back to film, can the result still be considered a representation of how it was originally made?
Do you think the Wonder Woman movie will be good and help DC get back up?
Where can I get Maanagaram subtitles?
Am I the only one who feels that some of the scenes in Bahubali 2 are incomplete and imperfect in their execution compared to its prequel?
Does “Lost” contain horror stuff?
Why are there very few new Malayalam movies (released between 2012-2016) available on YouTube?
Is it possible for a JIPMER student to work in the film industry during a vacation?
In Baahubali 1, Baahubali refuses animal sacrifice, but the makers of the movie sacrificed a goat before releasing the film. Why the hypocrisy?
Does Charlie and the Chocolate Factory have a 2005 movie based book?
Don't​ you​ agree​ that​ in the movie​ Bahubali​, Anushka​ Shetty​ aka Devsena just nailed Tamanna Bhatia aka Avanthika with her acting?
In what ways does the 2003 Peter Pan movie differ from J.M. Barrie's book?
In your opinion, which Harry Potter movie is most similar to the book?
Now that Baahubali is released, is this the new bench mark for south Asian movie making?
What is the best way to become a film composer?
What topics would you really like to watch as short films?
Which actor do you think would be best suited for a role as Donad Trump?
Is it the time now that Bollywood and other film industries start making movies on Hindu mythology stories and heroes?
What are some of the biggest box office hits as a percentage of their budget?
Will the last Infinity Stone be revealed in Thor: Ragnarok (2017)?
Where can I find short film groups to associate with in Hyderabad?
Which university does the movie rings take place in?
What is the original Sanskrit meaning of the Maahismati Anthem from Baahubali in English?
How can I add subtitles to movies on an iPhone?
What are the best Russian movies about the Cold War?
Why does Amir Khan not host any award show? And why does he not go on any TV shows to promote his movies?
Which Bollywood actresses have had sex in their movies with another actress?
What is the most influential movie/film in all of history?
Who stars in the movie Hester Street?
Was Emilie de Ravin a good choice as Belle in Once?
What is the best family movie that will enhance compassionate and family love?
If you could have a memento from any movie or TV show, what would you choose? It must be a real prop used in the production, not anything fictitious.
Who is really earning money from Bahubali 2?
Did Sivagami's selfishness kill Baahubali in the movie series Baahubali?
Which movies are the most thrilling movies in the 20th century?
Is it possible that someone can faint at one shot on his head by a vase or a rod as it happens in movies that the hero hits someone on his head and he is knocked out?
How similar are the movies Trolls and Angry Birds?
How many people are working in the porn industry as actors? Say, how many starred in a film in the last 6 months?
How do they release HD versions of really old movies?
Most of us know Roger Moore was really the best Bond, but which film was his best in the series?
Why is it a sequel to any film in India mostly a flop?
Has an actor gone on to do a role for a living?
Baahubali 2 had an impressive first-half, leading to a ridiculous conclusion, which was a big turn-off! Why? Was it due to a lack of ideas, budget or time?
Is The Shining (1980) the greatest horror movie ever made?
What happened to the Missing 411 film?
What would you do if your favorite superhero came to your door with a bunch of flowers and nervously asks you out on a date?
What is a good documentary to watch to learn more about Edward Snowden?
Have you seen the film, ‘Sister my Sister, and what did you think of it?
What was the movie that had a really positive impact on your life?
Which is your favorite Marvel movie till date?
What do you think about the new Baywatch compared to the old Baywatch?
Do Hollywood movies’ worldwide grosses include China?
Why did terrible sci-fi movies like Armageddon, Deep Impact and a few others do well at the box office even though they were scientifically inaccurate?
What are best Malayalam movies on Netflix?
What are some of the most inspiring Bollywood movies that may have had an impact on viewers' lives?
Does the complete Star Wars (the new one) include the full history of the old canon?
Which movies show extramarital affairs with intimate scenes?
In what movie was there a scene where a guy pushes out his belly and then draws it in while saying, "before…after"?
How do I download movies from Movierulz?
Why did Sirius Black go down to the lake in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
What are good movies and TV series on Canadian Netflix?
Where can I download Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with Hindi audio?
How do I download Bollywood movies with mobile data?
What are some good movies for an ENTP?
Do you have to watch all the Naruto movies?
How can you decorate a room for a scene in a gangster movie?
Is Digital Academy, the film school, good for Cinematography and does it have a good placement?
What are some movies with genuine kung fu?
Did you hire any set designer for your short film?
How can I add background sounds to a small part of a large video? The intensity of that music should increase, like in a horror movie.
How much do Gopalkrishna Vishwanath rate the movie Bahubali 2?
How can I get the movie Baahubali 2?
What is the most terrifying movie you have ever seen?
Where did I get Scooby do in Telugu?
Where can I watch Magnificent Century in English?
Is Tamil cinema overrated?
How can I watch the movie "For the love of Ruth"?
Who do I contact about a review of a film and book?
What is your review of Alien Covenant (2017)?
What is the title of the music played during the entry of Devasena in “Baahubali 2”?
What is your reaction on the trailer of 'Bank Chor'?
What is the least believable thing about Jason Bourne?
What's the name of the movie where Gene Hackman, after much police pressure, falsely confesses to having molested a child?
While filming babies in movies, how can they make the babies do the things the director wants?
Why is it that in most works of fiction (i.e. films and written fiction), the protagonists are somewhere between 8 and 48 years old?
What is the name of an animated movie about human history with Mr White?
How did sound film impact the 1920s?
How can I find an inexpensive screenwriter for my micro budget film?
Which Hindi voices were used to dub the movie Baahubali: The Conclusion?
Was there any rift between Nazriya Nazim and some members of the Tamil film fraternity?
What is the reason behind the success of Indian films? Is it good quality or intense marketing and PR? Is the entertainment industry really growing?
If actors play a double role, will they get paid twice the amount, just asking?
Will the vial ever get over in the Ant-man movie?
The movie Inferno is real life. Instead of saving them from the plague, it is released into the world. Does this actually create a better world?
What was the clever clue the villains planted in an attempt to lure Batman into a trap, thus rescuing Bruce?
In Guardians of the Galaxy 2, when Ego sets off the seed in Missouri, how come the Avengers never investigated it?
What is a genuine website for Tollywood collections of movies?
Why do people look down upon films as an inferior art?
Why did everyone hate the film "The Last Airbender" so much?
Did Russians enjoy the movie Red Dawn?
What are some 10/10 Hindi movies?
Where is that tree location pictured in the "Sanam Teri Kasam" movie?
Which trilogy is better, The Lord of the Rings or The Matrix?
Is the footage from war documentaries from the actual situation, or do they mix everything up to fit the story?
Where can I find new movies online?
Will both Hayao Miyazaki and Makoto Shinkai make a new anime film together in 2020?
What books or series of films have relationships that are similar to Cassie and Sid’s relationship in ‘Skins’?
Is there a movie I can watch?
What happened after The Shawshank Redemption (1994)? What was the future like for Red and Andy?
Is it true Hollywood is working on a remake of "Red Dawn" as “Red Trump,” and Charlie Sheen will return as Patrick Eckert?
Why are so many films these days directed by two people?
What is your favorite quote from any movie?
Did the movie Robin Hood have an economic theme, and if so, is it worth following worldwide?
What technology is used to make a movie like King Kong?
What is the movie industry in the USA and in Europe?
Why was the accident shown twice in the Vellipomaakey song?
Is Willow: A Short Story by Alice Rachel based on a true story?
What is the beneficial thing of having film actors (not theatre) in a country?
Who would win in a fight, DCU actors or MCU actors?
Why do we Indians consider Hollywood fantasy/action masala flicks to be acceptable but ridicule similar elements in Indian movies?
What are the best 2D animated comedy films?
What is the best movie scene you have ever seen?
Where can I download the Shehanai audio that is played at the end of the Jaykara/Dandalaya song in the Baahubali 2 movie?
Are stunt cars that were used in movies street legal?
Where can I download the movie Dhoom 2?
Where have films and books gone wrong in portraying a false image of 'relationships' on our minds?
If you were asked to play a part in Bee Movie 2, would you accept?
Will Hollywood make a parody movie of Bollywood?
If cartoons are remade into live action movies, why are there no live action movies remade into cartoons?
Which is the best website to download Hollywood movies in HD?
What are some of the best apps for download newly released Hollywood movies?
What is the resolution of “Baahubali 2” in the IMAX DMR format?
What superhero film had the biggest impact on superhero movies as a whole?
What do I do to learn film directing? How do I get started?
Is it fair that movie stars make more money than Nobel Prize winning scientists?
What's the movie in which a clown and a hungry kid eat pies that are thrown at them? It's an old b/w movie, I think.
It is weird to go to a cinema alone late at night?
Would Luke still be as valuable to Darth Vader and the Emperor if his last name weren't Skywalker?
Why does Bollywood copy many of the south Indian movies? If they do, why don't the south Indian directors claim their copyright?
What if Salman Khan play the role of hero in Bahubali and Bahubali 2 instead of Prabhas? Can the movie break the world record then?
Is there a real substance that, if injected, can kill a person immediately like in fiction books or action movies?
Which is your favourite movie from Hollywood?
What do I learn in Lagaan, the Indian movie?
Is the ending of the movie "Get Out" modified in the DVD/Blu-Ray/Digital Copy?
What's your view on the Ulidavaru Kandanthe movie?
Why is Baahubali a great movie to watch?
Where can I watch the Naruto movies dubbed in English?
Why do answers to Star Wars questions often end in "All the above info is Canon"?
What are the impacts on US citizens after watching movies like Snowden, Concussion, etc.?
Which is the best Hollywood action movie since 2014?
What if they remade all your favorite movies with monkeys?
Why are many Indian celebs and movies participating in the Cannes Film Festival?
What is the difference between the film critics and the film audience?
I've just started watching martial arts films from China. What are the best films in this genre?
Which movie is better, Sarkar, or Sarkar Raj or Sarkar 3?
How is medieval sword fighting different than on medieval movies?
Who are some of the on-screen mothers of Bollywood?
Which will be better, 3GB Web-DL version or 3GB BRRip, if both are encoded by the same guy?
Where do I find good short films?
What characters in books/movies are freudian trios?
What movies do you think are a must watch?
Who is the youngest Hollywood actress?
Who is the hottest Hollywood actress with whom you want to have sex?
How many coins are in John Wick’s suitcase?
How many times can you watch a horror movie until the horror wears off?
Did XXX3, Deepika's Hollywood debut, do well?
What is the fiction part of fiction in action?
Was demonetisation a hit or flop?
Are actor Jeffrey Tambor and Marvel Studio's Head Kevin Feige connected to each other? They look like twins!
Do south Indian movies have better stories and comedic timing than north Indian movies?
What are some TV shows, movies or books that will help in sharpening my sense of humor?
What are some movies, books, plays, etc. about the struggles of Muslim women?
What are the best movies that involve business motivation and encouragement?
Why do Bollywood movies have the same names?
What are Christopher Nolan's strengths and weaknesses in his career?
What are the best movies based around interior monologue?
After the movie "Tomorrowland" ended, did you wish you were somehow given a pin?
Who is the most famous British film producer of all time?
Is Baahubali 2 a good film?
The movie “Hindi Medium” has given a strong message, but is it practical in the real world?
Why is Loki's character so complex?
What is your review on Lahoriye?
What are some movies like “Wild Things” with enormous twists in plots?
What is the most horrific movie you have ever seen?
How do the film stars behave at their home?
If cricketers were cast in Bollywood movies, who would star in what?
How can I watch movies on my TV from my phone?
Did Johnny Fontane have a bigger role in the novel than in the movie?
How would you fix the Star Wars prequels?
What is your favorite futuristic technology featured in cinema movies?
What are the sites where I can watch Tamil movies on payment?
Who won the best film award in 2016?
What is the surname of Baahubali in the movie?
What is the word that is the name of a sweet, a movie, a medicine, a car, and a city?
What would be the star cast if Bahubali parts 1 and 2 were made again?
Why is Gotham's each episode directed by a separate director?
Why was Pete Postlethwaite regarded as a great actor?
If Amarendra Baahubali's father and Bijjala Deva (Nasser) are brothers contending for thrones, why do they have different surnames?
What is the upcoming movie of Hrithik Roshan?
Where can I watch Kaatru Veliyidai with subtitles?
Why did Mahendra Bahubali take an oath in the name of Rajmata Shivgami Devi during the coronation, while his mother is Devasena? Is it a Hindi dubbing mistake?
Where can I find Gujarati movies and drama?
How do they make films in Bollywood?
Where can I download Bichumoo (Flying warriors). It's an old Korean movie?
If ExtraTorrent gets shut down permanently, what would be an alternative source to download Hindi-dubbed Hollywood movies?
What if Salman Khan starred in and as Bahubali?
If Prabhas is cast in a lead role in Mahabharata (a.k.a. Randam Ooozham), which role would best suit him? Why?
Which is the most racial product ever made?
Will any Bollywood movie break the box office collection of Baahubali 2?
Which are some movie characters where a petite old woman is actually very tough?
Does Hollywood have a president?
How can I download a movie of small size (400-500 MB) from mobile?
If a woman watches a movie alone, who answers her questions?
Are actors/actresses in action films like Nikita trained for such skills?
What assets does film hero Shobanbabu have?
If the trailer in the description was real, would you watch the movie?
Which is the best adult funniest movie?
Is it normal for a child to watch a movie over and over again without getting bored?
Why do Hindi movies dominate if the theater count in South India is much larger?
Why is everyone in the movies such a horrible shot?
Wouldn't Stephen Amell make a good Green Arrow on the big screen?
Which is the best Bollywood movie up to 2017?
What's your review on the movie Meera (1979)?
Is the movie Fury an accurate description of WW2?
How irresponsible are Fun Cinemas people?
How much does it cost to make a movie theater?
Who thinks Aliens (1986) is a bad movie, or at least overrated?
What was the quality of Malayalam movies released between 2000-2010? Were they really better than other South Indian language movies as they are now?
Which part of the “Baahubali” story would you change and why?
What are China made films that depicts 2nd Sino-Japanese?
Are all of the people in the movie Suicide Squad DC?
What are some horror movies with cosmic sex scenes?
Should I watch “The Dark Knight Rises” without watching “The Dark Knight”?
Why isn’t Bollywood praising Rajamouli’s Baahubali 2 success?
Who is your personal choice of an actor who should replace Daniel Craig's role in the next James Bond films?
What are the best movies and books set in Paris during the Belle Époque?
Why don't people like Christopher Nolan and Stanley Kubrick ever win Oscars? Even though they create masterpieces?
If they were to do a original middle earth movie what would you want to see in it?
How can I shoot an entire movie in a studio or produce one at a cheaper cost?
Why is the book always better than the movie?
Is Baahubali 2 eligible for an Oscar?
What or how many movies was John Wayne was named Duke?
In The Dark Knight, how does Batman have such great plot armor, but then his back is suddenly broken by Bane in The Dark Knight Rises?
Have you ever been into a film like scenario?
How did Xenomorphs originate?
What is the role of Coke in the preparation of silicon?
What character types will you never find in western dramas?
Which is the best film star in india?
In Forrest Gump, how did Jenny die?
Which is a must watch, adult, Hollywood movie?
The new 3D effects in movies have been added to movies not originally filmed in 3D. Can the new 3D be added to old 3D movies from the ‘50s and ‘60s?
Are there times where out-of-character moments work in said character's favor?
What if actor Ram Charan would've​ played the role of Baahubali?
How can I distribute my independent film?
What is the starting budget for a community movie theater in Toronto and Berlin?
Why do Malayalees like Tamil movies?
Is it legal to download a movie which was released just a day ago?
Why is the whole Bollywood silent with the success of Bahubali 2?
Where was the movie Bahubali made?
How do I watch the movie, Partner, online?
How do script writers quantify if a script is 'beyond the budget constraints' of a given movie?
Does a movie being good or bad affect the nomination of its individual parts for an Oscar?
What's the best successful ads in the movies?
Is a degree needed for becoming a filmmaker?
Which is better, movies or TV shows?
What specific parts of Braveheart are accurate?
Why was 'UP' written on the envelope of Judge Surillo in Batman The Dark Knight movie?
When will we ever see a canon novelization of the prequel trilogy of Star Wars?
In the Japanese version of the kids movie "Sing", do the red pandas sing in English?
In Logan, why did Laura's guardian try to find Logan?
Who is the best actor in Tamil cinema, ajith or Vijay?
If I like writing and collaboration, what other things can I do in filmmaking apart from screenwriting?
What did Red in The Shawshank Redemption do to become a prisoner?
Why do I get uncomfortable with romantic and/or sexual scenes on TV, books or real life?
If I enjoy Akira Kurosawa films such as: Yojimbo, Seven Samurai, Sanjuro & Hidden Fortress; what other samurai films might I enjoy?
How many lines does an actor/actress have to remember each day for all their scenes in a Hollywood feature film?
What punch dialogue is very much famous in North Indian movies?
How does Tarantino feel about Christopher Nolan?
What will the all-time box office rank for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 be on May 23, 2017?
What scenes in the 2016 Disney film Zootopia does Rich Moore direct?
What if Bollywood started making good movies, how would it affect the whole system of Bollywood and people of India?
What are some recent Tamil Fantasy movies which were the most underrated?
What is the movie 'Fantastic Beasts' about, and how is it related to Harry Potter?
What is bad acting?
How do they make actors/actresses look so good?
Who are the top 10 Hollywood actors of all time?
Where is Bhallaladeva's son in Baahubali 2?
How did David defeat Walter in Alien: Covenant? Wasn't Walter an updated version?
What made Bahubali 2 a mega blockbuster than the other Indian movies?
Are there any horror films from the 1960s that would be considered scary by today's standards?
Can you tell me where can I download Nana Patekar’s movie 'Prahaar'?
What is the musical instrument used at 48:40 in the movie "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi (2013)"?
Which are the sitcoms which you should watch before you die?
Where can I get “The Reader” dubbed in Hindi?
Which films are best in psychological thriller genre?
What are some of the 'must watch' Mammootty movies (released after 2000)?
On which website can I watch online Bollywood movies?
Is "Pahuna" a Indian movie?
If a man lived 14,000 years ago, how many descendants would he have now, after sex with a lot of females?
Why did Netflix remove ratings?
What was the first Disney film to feature closing credits?
What is your review of Meri Pyaari Bindu (2017 movie)?
Where can I watch, “Happy New Year” with English subtitles?
Who is the creepiest clown in TV, books, and/or movies?
How can I watch Sarrainodu in Hindi?
What is your experience of watching a movie in Director's Cut in Delhi? Do they have shows every day, & is it different from Gold Class?
Which mutants or metahumans from any fictional universe that haven’t been on screen/had little screen time would you like to see portrayed more & why?
Is it true there will be another movie like the Suicide Squad?
If you could change anything about Star Wars: The Force Awakens, what would you change and why?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
What are movies, songs, books, or TV shows similar to the TTYL series by Lauren Myracle?
Which movies are considered bold in your country?
Why is there a sense of urgency in movies where they can travel through time?
Which is the best romantic movie in Bollywood?
Did you enjoy Moana?
How do normal people become actors in the film industry?
What if Steven Spielberg had directed Interstellar instead of Christopher Nolan?
What is the best application for Hollywood movies on an iPhone?
Is it plausible for aliens to be as powerfull physically as in movies/animes?
Why do movies and shows about high school show nerds getting bullied for being smart?
How did The Secret movie/book change your life? Any real life experiences?
Can Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara be termed a psychological film?
Which cinema hall has a box in Kolkata?
What is the meaning of the dialogue 'No means no' from the movie Pink?
Do you have own movie theater in your home for your family only?
Is f-movies site down?
Do actors go into acting because of fame/attention?
Is there any app to download Hollywood Hindi dubbed movies?
How is it that a movie gets branded as a Hollywood movie?
Which movie would you recommend to watch for improving English speaking?
What is the ideology or rules for the Central Board of Film Certification?
If an advanced, alien race were given the movies The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, It’s a Wonderful Life, and The Emoji Movie, what would they think of us?
What is the French law that prohibits streaming films online for three years after their theatrical release?
Why didn’t the police search for Andy Dufresne after he escaped from Shawshank?
Does diplomacy always win in real life?
Whch is the movie that made you cry?
Where can I find somebody to reenact the scene from the Wolf of Wall Street where Naomi talks about not wearing underwear?
If a stalker that was harassing an actor/actress and got a restraining order, would he or she be allowed to watch the films that the victim was in?
How do Pakistanis feel about the Bahubali 2 movie? Do they like it?
Are all Woody Allen movies in the same universe?
When dubbing was introduced to India, what was the first thing to get dubbed?
In the movie Bahubali, is there a spring in Bhallala Deva's mace?
Does Baahubali somehow resemble the Lion King?
What Arthurian themes, characters, or relationships would you like to see explored more in a novel or movie?
Name some films which would have been much better with a different director and explain why?
What do you think of the movie Cold Mountain?
Why don't Bollywood directors cast Bangladeshi actors in their films while they cast Pakistani actors?
Can we watch the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales with the whole family?
How was the movie 'Half Girlfriend'?
Which are the must watch Latin American movies?
Which is the best website for downloading Hollywood and Bollywood movies in HD?
What do you hate about military movies?
How do I watch Blu-ray movies via a 2017 Nvidia Shield TV?
In the movie 'Holiday', Akshay played the role of an Army officer who took on terrorists single handedly. Is this possible in real life?
How do you compare Arnold vs Mental Ray render engines?
What are the best incest movies, like the Taboo series?
What is the best James Bond movie to which to introduce kids to the films?
Is prison life like it is in movies or TV shows?
Why do people prefer new films instead of old films?
What happened with the INS Vikrant (R11)?
What is the one movie that you liked (not exactly guilty pleasure) as a child only to know that it is universally hated?
Is Sooryavansham the most telecasted movie of all time?
Where can I watch free Hindi TV series and movies ​online (Web Plus app)?
What would be some great ideas for a Zootopia sequel?
How do I know whether the casting directors have liked my performance?
What are some good movies in which the good guy doesn't win?
Why did the Chinese love the “Dangal” movie?
Why are Baahubali 2's scenes so praised when the animation and graphics are so messed up?
Is it possible for Pixar to ever make a live-action movie?
Why are films such an effective way of conveying significant themes and ideas?
Where can I download the Bollywood movie “Khamosh” (1985)?
I am very interested in bringing back the "movie palace" cinema, how should I go about that?
I noticed that two movies have female protagonists coming to theaters this year. What is your opinion or take?
What movie franchise do you love the most? Why?
How would King Kong treat regular gorillas?
What are some really brilliant ambient or electronic film scores?
How do I watch The Circle movie online?
Why didn't Kattappa tell Shivagami Devi that her husband was thinking to kill her in the beginning scenes? List the flaws you found.
How can I find a movie statistics like no of tickets sold, no of shows in a particular theatre? Do we have any website?
What book has complete information on film making?
What are sites for watching French movies in HD or open torrent sites?
How do we dub any language into Hindi?
Why was there never a 'Bug's Life 2'?
Star Wars Episode III: Why did the Emperor rescue Anakin?
Why do so many horror movies involve stupid teens / early 20’s?
What's the greatest found footage film of all time?
Is there any app where we can watch an Italian movie but add English subtitles to understand it?
If a movie is to be made about true events, who gives the permission to do so?
Are Baahubali 1 and 2 based on a true story?
What is story of the movie 2057 which Bollywood directors are directing along the lines of Bahubali?
If both Mitsuha and Taki from Your Name were to watch the MCU Avengers movie, what will they say and think about it?
What are the best lines from movies?
What is that the sci-fi movie where humans are killing aliens in another planet and where they kidnap their queen?
What are the best comedian movies of all time?
Can hydrogen be burned manually? Is everything that NASA sends to space fire retardant? I’m asking this for a project on a scene from the movie, "The Martian".
In what comic did Iron Man fight Thor over cloning him?
Who would you thank if you won the Oscars?
In the movie The Brothers Grimsby we see the brother sucking the ball of his brother, was it real?
How can I physically buy a movie card for Carnival Cinemas? Should I go to counter or somewhere else?
Why is it that even the non-dialogue scenes in “Baahubali 1” are different in the Tamil and Telugu versions?
Why does Hollywood make sci-fi movies?
What is your box office predictions for big Indian movies releasing this year?
Should we watch Pirates of the Caribbean with family?
If you could live in any fictional universe, which would it be, when would you go, and who would you be in that universe?
Who is the hero of the Agneepath remake?
Should I watch movies in the theater or on a network?
What movie reminds you of your life?
Is Sonarika Bhadoria a good actress? Can she act in the films in Bollywood?
What will happen if we went to watch a movie and bought the tickets of some other movie?
What made The Dark Knight such a good movie?
How true are the events portrayed in the movie, "Snowden"?
What will you do if you are president for one day as shown in some Telugu movie?
Why is Baahubali 2 breaking all records? What is so special about this movie?
Can you name some movies that are like The Sandlot?
What is the duration of copyright for any movie or TV series?
What are the six important signs and symbols that the novel “Silence of Lambs” by Thomas Harris relies on to create an impression of horror?
In the 2012 Hindi movie Chakravyuh, what happens in the climax?
How much reality is there in the movie Interstellar?
With most of the websites blocked nowadays, can anyone suggest a website where I could download Indian Bollywood, Punjabi, Telugu, Tamil, etc. movies?
What are the movies that worth our valuable time?
How long should Baahubali run in theatres to make it real success?
