What's the point of learning guitar, if you know you won't be a musician?
If you could go back in time and see any band or musician, dead or alive, perform in person, who would you choose to see and why?
Why can't old people admit to the fact that Michael Jackson is greater than the Beatles?
Why have instrumentalists and orchestras improved technically so much over time and singers gone the other way?
Is the popularity of Elvis Presley about the same, or has it changed one way or another?
What should Indians learn from Justin Bieber's visit to India?
Why are most popular male singing voices of today thinner than those of the past?
What should I bring to a concert?
What's the best way in your opinion to become a famous singer?
Who choreographed Justin Bieber's concert in India?
How do I sell musical artist merchandise?
Which musical artists have had the greatest success later in their careers?
Is Justin Bieber a male or female?
Why do I sing so out of tune?
How can I sing like a professional when I only know the basics of singing?
Who is the most prolific musician?
Do artistes casually listen to their own music for entertainment?
Has Michael Jackson ever visited India?
Why did Paul McCartney sue the Beatles?
Is there any musician of Ilaiyaraaja's calibre in India?
How did you discover your favorite musician?
How can I request Ranjani and Gayatri to sing a composition of my choice in their next performance?
When did you start hating Justin Bieber and why?
Why is Halsey such a good singer? I'm so obsessed with colors.
How extensive was Michael Jackson's transformation on his body?
How was Justin Bieber's concert in India?
Why did acclaimed singer Milan Singh got lost from the limelight?
What are the best clubs in Mumbai to party at after Justin Bieber's concert?
Who is the best singer in India in 2017?
Why do Pakistani musicians sing an infidel's verse?
How do men sing higher with an open throat that fills the room with more power (e.g., Michael Jackson, Freddie Mercury, Stevie Wonder) without falsetto?
What would happen with media entertainment if Ariana Grande look like Marlyn Monroe and sing like Jo Stafford?
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
Will Justin Bieber's concert in Mumbai be shown live in any site?
I heard this instrumental Indian track a while ago but neither do I know the name of the song nor the female singer who sang it. How do I find it?
Has Thomas Anders (real name: Bernd Weidung), the lead singer of Modern Talking, ever had hypertension? How high is his blood pressure?
I’m from Taiwan. Can I be a singer in the US?
Was Himesh Reshammiya the best singer of his time?
What do you think could be the possible reason for Chris Cornell's suicide?
Is 2 octaves a lot for an untrained 'singer'?
Who is an upcoming singer of Punjab?
How can I invite Ed Sheeran to perform at my college?
How do musicians currently collaborate with other musicians?
Why do boys hate Justin Bieber?
Who is your favorite vocalist?
How can I become an internationally popular singer like Justin Bieber?
How can one learn to sing without listening to others sing?
Why do singers sing almost only using mixed voice?
Why isn't Psy considered a K-pop artist by a lot of people?
Who is a popular actor or musician whose work you don’t like?
Who is the singer of the Swaragini title song?
Can you become a billionaire as well as a musician?
Who is the most famous and richest Indian singer in Hollywood?
Which male singers rocked long hair?
What if Elvis Presley joined The Beatles?
Who are your favourite grime artists?
Can a SEAL extend his own deployment?
How do blind musicians compose music?
Which international music artists will be coming to India in 2017?
Who can sing better than Shreya Ghoshal?
Why is Honey Singh, AKA Yoyo Honey Singh, considered characterless?
How big a choir could you theoretically have before the music gets out of sync because of the time it takes sound to travel from the farthest singers?
Where is Taylor Swift? Why is she not releasing any music album?
Does Ato Mariano repeat his music?
Which independent singer/songwriters on piano would you recommend?
Does Ato Mariano use the same words every time he sings?
Is it appropriate to sing Christian songs at a public high school chorus concert?
How can I stop squeaking on the clarinet? (See the description.)
For a grade 4 exam (AMEB), can you play a prelude with the pedal on?
Was Michael Jackson a germaphobe?
What R&B artist inspires you?
Was Michael Jackson a racist?
What is the etiquette of emptying a spit valve?
Who is the greatest musical artist ever?
How do I get an awesome voice (like Ed Sheeran or John Legend)?
Why did Michael Jackson quit working with Quincy Jones - surely a mistake?
Who were the favorite singers of your grandparents?
Is “Weird Al” Yankovic a good singer in your opinion?
As an opera singer who is physically not capable of singing the Italian R, is this a deal breaker?
Do you think it would be better if a rock guitarist wore glasses or did not wear prescription glasses?
Who are the top 5 Indian singers of all time?
What are the avenues for reaching out to amateur musicians and singers online?
Who is the best and most brilliant guitarist of our time?
Who are more smaller artists similar to Chance The Rapper?
Which K-pop band or singer do you like the least and why?
Do singers and musicians get paid by Beats for flashing Beats stuff?
What country has the best singers in the world?
Which band/artist do you want to see perform live in India (even after Justin Bieber's concert)?
Why is Ariana Grande considered among the top sexiest women?
Why was there such a manhunt for Michael Jackson? It's clear now that he was innocent and planted the weird stories himself during the Bad era.
If you were Paul McCartney, who would you respect more, John Lennon or Bob Dylan?
Why did Frank Sinatra marry 3 times?
How did Eminem get his name?
What microphone do you recommend for singers for performance purposes? This is a hobby so I'm trying to keep it economical.
Did Justin Bieber make an unrealistic demand list while he'll be in India or is it just the organizers' effort to make his stay an unforgettable one?
Why are there so many 'weird' musicians?
How much will Justin Bieber earn from his tour to India?
Would you sleep with Michael Jackson (not making love)?
Is Passenger aka Mike Rosenberg a good and soulful singer?
How can I sing higher without strain?
How do singers stay professional while singing duet songs? Do they really fall in love with each other to get immersed in the song?
Who is Betzalel Shapiro's favourite country musician/artist?
Can I become a pop singer (female) in the USA if I am Italian? How?
How is the music of solo artists different from that of bands?
Who were the popular singers in the 1950s?
Are Indians Halsey fans? Are you?
What was the 3rd John Lennon song being recorded by 1996 Beatles for the Anthology?
What are some of the most famous Canadian music artists?
Who is the world’s fastest pianist?
Who are the 3 greatest living musicians?
What determines if a music artist's tour is held in small standing room venues, large amphitheaters, or even larger arenas?
Who is the better singer-songwriter - Kabir Suman or Anupam Roy?
Who is the ugliest singer? Barry manilow or lionel Richie?
What decade of music do you think is most easily identifiable just from listening to it?
Has a concert pianist ever had problems finishing a concerto live?
Should I buy Yamaha YPG-235 portable grand piano for learning purpose?
Does Stephen Fleming look like Enrique Iglesias?
How was the Justin Bieber Purpose May 10 tour in India? I heard it was pretty dull.
Are there any other musicians like AR Rahman who produce great music consistently?
How does Ariana Grande feel about the Manchester bombings?
I'm a big fan of Uma Mohan and her divine spiritual music collection. Is there anyway I can possibly connect with her?
What caused Kanye West to cancel concert dates a few month ago?
Why are musicians richer than technicians?
Is Justin Bieber's upcoming concert in Mumbai overrated?
If Elvis were still alive, do you think he would be able to make good music that fits in with today's music?
Is it ok for a singer to shout loud?
What are some good male-singer songs in English?
Is A.R. Rahman the most overrated musician of all time?
What are your favourite bands currently?
Is Justin Bieber a Barca fan?
What were the difference between the Michael Jackson concert in India and Justin Beiber's concert?
What is it like to be a professional musician (not as a full-time teacher)?
Why do you choose to be a drummer?
Does the Boss ME-80 have amp modelling?
Is there a greater singer than Freddie Mercury?
Is it true that Justin Bieber once peed on his fans in a live concert?
What do you think about the song "Florida kilos" by Lana del Rey?
Why didn't famous and very accomplished musicians and singers eventually learn how to read music notation (musical notes) or learn music theory?
Justin Bieber is in India. How are you feeling?
How much money did Justin Bieber get for his Mumbai concert?
Did Justin Bieber lip sync at his recent concert in India?
Who are some popular singers in Mexico who sing rap music and country music?
Whose voice you'd choose from Christina Aguilera and Ariana Grande if you got a chance to make it yours?
Is the money that famous musicians make loans to their record label deals or is it that the musicians can keep?
If your favorite singer turned out to be a pervert psychopath, would you still listen to his works?
Who were some Indian celebrities who attended Justin Bieber’s India tour?
Would it be better to try to sell music to bands than to try to become a well known musician?
How much did Justin Bieber earn through his show in Mumbai?
Are there festivals that would let musicians collaborate with each other?
What did India get from Justin Bieber's concert?
What do you think Taylor Swift’s new album will sound like?
How do I become a highly productive musician?
Why did a Vietnamese singer name himself penis in Russian?
Why do singers 'featured' in songs tend to sing more than the 'owner'?
Did Justin Bieber ever talked trash about India?
What is the reason top artist like Justin Beiber, MJ, Coldplay do concerts in Mumbai only?
Who was the first musician to listen his own music?
Why have instrumentalists and orchestras improved so much in technique and accuracy and yet singers have gotten more " general " and freewheeling in matters of accurate pitch, attacks & releases, etc.?
What is it like for an Indian who love country music even never visited the United States?
Who/what is responsible for such a poor start to Katy Perry's new album Witness?
Do you think it’s justified that star kids will perform with Justin Bieber and not singers?
Kanye West, Justin Bieber or Chris Brown: Which celeb is the most controversial?
Is it real news that Justin Bieber lip synced in a concert in India?
I never took any singing classes but I can sing really good and everyone says that. Can I go for competitions like Indian Idol or The Voice, etc.?
Why do jazz musicians in England mostly play like robots?
Which kind of Spanish accent does Enrique Iglesias sing?
How can I become an internationally famous singer like Justin Bieber?
Is there freedom in music?
Did Future spoil Ariana Grande's “Everyday” with his rap?
Did you attend any Whitney Houston concert from January 1985 to February 1986?
When making a new song, what position is best for a capo?
How do guys like Justin Bieber and Cameron Dallas have perfect skin?
In The Sixteen with Harry Christophers, how much do the singers make?
Should musicians take requests from fans to do covers of other artistes?
Will Ariana Grande ever come to India?
How do blind musicians manage to keep themselves in business?
How many octaves do I sing if my low to high notes are E2 to F#5?
What are the 5 overrated mainstream Indian singers of 2015 in YOUR opinion?
Is Michael Jackson considered more talented than Prince?
Why do singers in Born Again Christian music sound like they are in so much pain?
Why do jazz stations still play Ella and Sinatra when there are so many better singers without commercial appeal (e.g., Tom Lellis)?
How can a musician determine what his/her potential is?
How can new vocal talent come into the music industry?
Is it really that hard to become a singer?
Do you love Lana del Rey?
What are your favorite bands/singers from the 70s, 80s, and 90s?
What did Kurt Cobain do before he became famous?
Why doesn't Badshah have fame like that of Honey Singh despite great hits?
Why are Justin Bieber fans called beliebers?
Why didn't Michael Jackson win any single Grammy for the Bad album in 1988?
Is there any lullaby song sung by male singer in Hollywood movie?
Do reality show singers really perform songs live? Shows like Indian Idol are not telecast live.
Can I issue any of the notes on the scale of the song I sing that sound good or should I just sing only the notes of the chord played last?
What is a good way of getting guest collaborators to co-perform songs?
Which instruments are used in Ed Sheeran's Galway Girl?
Was Michael Jackson sometimes or all the time afraid of his fans with him being so skinny?
Many have speculated about Michael Jackson's personality, but what about his fans? What kind of personalities tend to gravitate towards MJ, and why?
What happened to the people who won or bought tickets to Michael Jackson's final tour, which was scheduled for the month of July, '09?
Why don't Céline Dion or Adele have an accent when singing?
Why is a popular musician not as respected as classical musicians?
How do musicians think of thier songs? How do they find the right tone and for how long?
Does anybody care about the Justin Bieber concert to be held in India?
What are some furry musicians you know of?
Why does Bollywood copy songs and music of other singers?
Who are all the members of the Randy Travis Band?
Why are musicians more valued in the world compared to other talented people?
How much were The Beatles paid for the Shea Stadium Concert?
How should I tell my parents that I am a good singer?
Who are the most famous Bulgarian Opera singers?
Are songs by artists such as Ed Sheeran genuinely emotional, or do the lyrics simply buy into the listener's sentimentality?
What causes someone to want to be a professional singer?
Do any rappers cover any Bob Dylan songs?
I am pursuing a degree in Biology Education, but I keep thinking I'd be happier as an art/music student. What should I do?
Do we think that Kurt Cobain being the sole "composer" for Nirvana for the larger part of the band's career held it back?
What do you think about Gary Barlow’s net worth?
Can a band be called a band without a drummer?
Where is the vocalist of Avial now?
Is Justin Bieber the biggest celebrity to ever visit India? Because I've never seen so much fuss about anyone else.
Musicians: how do you read music, intervals or notes?
Do singers who could hit high notes when they were young (but can't anymore because they're old) look back on it with nostalgia and wish they still could sing like that?
What are some interesting questions I can ask to a musician? Which ones should I avoid?
Is Zayn Malik a good singer in terms of his vocal strength?
Which Iranian singers are known in your country?
Who was Unnikrishnan (not Sandeep or the singer)?
What is the difference between a good violinist and a great one?
How did Glenn Miller die?
Why are girls crazy for a crappy singer like Justin Bieber?
What was it like to be at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester when the blasts occurred?
What are Indian teens’ opinions of Justin Bieber?
Who is more popular, Michael Jackson or Prince?
How would you describe the genius of Roger Waters?
Is there any place in Bangalore to jam and share musical ideas with other musicians?
What are some good things for a guitar player to know about?
What are some good male artist music videos with good visuals?
What does Katy Perry mean by we are all chained to the rythmn?
Which singer do you look up to as an artist and as a person?
Do Pakistani Hindustani-classical singers sing bhajans in Pakistan?
Are there any famous baritones in pop right now?
Which Brazilian singers do you like best at the moment?
Who gets more money, singers or composers?
What do you think about Justin Bieber’s concert and his demands which he kept from the organisers?
What are your favorite low-budget songs and musicians who do not have ties with Hollywood?
How do you clear your voice for singing?
Did Blake Shelton break up with Gwen Stefani?
How do you feel about the current music industry's climate?
Is there any production software that adjusts the highs and lows of a mix to play more comfortably for the majority of systems and headphones?
Why do my jaws and teeth hurt when I try to sing higher notes?
How can I get the songs of French singer Mazal?
Whose voice is better, Ariana Grande's or Demi's?
Who is the best band of all time that only released 1 album?
What's the sexiest music video ever?
Why do my favourite singers all die so young?
How did Justin Bieber become so popular?
Can singing with guitar earn money from YouTube?
Do you need a permit to busk in Boston?
Do you think Tool would release a new album between 2017-2019?
Tobu is one of my favorite artists. What type of music does he make?
Why does Tracy Tracy, the lead singer of the Primitives, have no Wikipedia page?
Who are the artists that performs spontaneous music?
Which Taylor Swift songs do you like the most?
As a guitarist playing live, how do you make sure to be heard during your solo?
Is my diaphragm supposed to push up or down when sustaining a note?
What are some famous 80's musicians with Afros?
How ethical was the Z+ security provided by taxpayer money to Justin Bieber while he was busy placing an order at Starbucks on his way to his Mumbai concert?
What must one do to have the opportunity to sing with the Gaithers, or with a similar group?
What is your best/worst experience with a rock star or any famous musician?
What are the most important tips to singing well?
Who's better, Katy Perry or Ellie Goulding? Why?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
How do you rate the Indian rock band Sifar and it's lead vocalist Amit Yadav?
What are the limelights of Justin Bieber concert in Mumbai?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
How can Jim Morrison, an unprofessional singer, sing so good?
Do musicians ever consider studio editing as cheating?
Are you in musical.ly? Do you know any talented people worth following?
Is there a correlation between an instrument and personality of the player?
Should musicians become scientists too?
Which kpop singer do you like best?
What does Lil Yachty’s new album represent?
Why do people think Justin Bieber can sing?
What would be a good name for "Julia Hucaluk" as an actor/singer?
Who is the singer Gitanjali Rai?
Any eight folk singers of Nepal?
Did Aman Goel (from IIT Bombay CSE) attend Justin Bieber's concert?
Can I sue Justin Bieber because I paid to hear live music and not lip sync?
What would classical musicians think about modern crossover artists, like the Vitamin String Quartet, 2CELLOS, Lindsey Stirling, etc.?
Does shouting out loud actually​ damage a singer’s voice?
Why do black singers usually have great voices?
Which modern American artists are good to listen to? For the majority of my life, I have only been exposed to Asian and ‘90s alternative music.
What is the best (effective, low-cost) sound proofing solution for a musician in a rental home?
How big was Elvis?
Who was David Bowie looking for in his swan song Lazarus?
Why don’t artists have copyright issues when other artists sing covers of their songs on YouTube?
What musicians/artists do you personally think deserve a lot more recognition, and recommend listening to?
Is there any band similar to GODSPEED YOU BLACK EMPEROR?
Is Ed Sheeran an introvert?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
What does “Katy Perry - Bon Appétit” mean?
Going off of a question that I saw earlier, what are some songs, artists, or bands that you listen to and never get sick of?
When will people stop comparing John Lennon and Paul McCartney?
What's the best way to contact a music publisher if you are at the start of your career?
Aside from Tabi, who are your favorite artists?
What are things you can do to become a better singer?
What is your opinion of Justin Bieber's concert in Mumbai yesterday?
What happened between Michael Jackson and Brooke Shields?
Was Justin Bieber the best rock star to perform in India?
Did Paul McCartney write his best lyrics when Jane Asher was being mean to him?
I like Ed Sheeran, Coldplay and James Blunt. Are there any similar artists/bands I might like?
Are there any singers on Quora? How good can you sing?
Do you hate Justin Bieber after realising what he did at the concert in India?
What is the current home address of Garba singer Falguni Pathak?
Where will the Justin Bieber concert be held in India?
Are the artists visible in the concerts or you can just listen to them?
What is the best song of Bieber?
How long does one need to become a professional pianist?
What happened to Honey Singh? Why is he not active nowadays?
Who are your top 10 favorite Indian singers?
What state does Justin Timberlake live in?
Which singers are best for hip-hop?
How can I improve my singing voice without lessons?
If a band has an ASCAP license to perform music in public, does the bar they play in have to have an ASCAP license as well (in the U.S.)?
Did Justin Bieber really lip sync at his concert in Mumbai?
Was Selena Gomez's Bad Liar really so amazing?
What other musicians should I listen to if I like Bread and Jim Croce?
Is Arijit Singh the most talented singer Bollywood has ever seen?
Has the music industry prevented new genres from coming out?
How do singers decide how to sing covers?
How do I start a budget home music recording studio? What all equipment and techniques are required for the setup?
Why do so many people despise Selena Gomez?
Is the contract signed by Motley Crue, never to record or tour again, legally binding? If so, what would be the repercussions for breaking it?
Who sang the "Aisi Deewangi" serial promo song? The thing is making rounds on Zee TV, and I wonder who the singer is (https://youtu.be/aAPkXZbVCJo
...
What country singer sings “Don't Take the Girl”?
Who is paying all the money for the Justin Bieber concert in India?
Who are some good German musicians?
What is the meaning of "Michael Douglas" in the music of singer João Brasil’s success known as "Nunca Mais Eu Vou Dormir?
Who is the most flawless singer in India?
Why do the "best guitarists ever" lists never include jazz or classical guitarists?
How can I get live shows for singing?
What are some resources or conventions for unsigned singers?
Why do most American pop artists suicide?
Are there any Pakistani singers that sing in English or are promoted internationally?
What Latin/Spanish musician/band produces your favorite music in Spanish?
How important is it for a professional opera singer to be advanced at music theory?
What do you think of musicians who do not write their own songs?
Can I be able to follow Justin Bieber on Quora?
In what accent did The Beatles sing their songs?
Why do people ignore the fact that Michael Jackson was a pervert?
Who is Wizkid of Nigeria?
As a guitarist myself, do I need to learn to play other instruments to become a music director?
Do all pop stars need to be trained in dancing to make it in the music industry?
Why did Dave Matthews band start playing songs from Matthews' 2003 solo album "Some Devil" on tour?
When is Justin Bieber coming to Jaipur? Wasn’t he going to do some sightseeing after the concert?
I fangirl over a singer and I want to stop, but I just can't. What should I do?
Name a blues rock singer that has short hair?
Why do pop/R&B singers almost only use mixed voices?
How much money would The Beatles gross on tour?
Which is more important - the song or the singer?
Why did Justin Bieber stay just for 22 hours in India?
Did Justin Bieber actually only lip sync at the Mumbai concert? If yes, what are your views about it?
What are some famous Louisiana musicians?
How long does it take for a novice singer to sound good?
Was John Lennon shunned for saying "Woman is the 'nigger' of the world"?
How was the Justin Bieber concert in Mumbai?
How can a person become a prolific musician?
If you had to choose to kill Jacob Sartorious or Justin Bieber, who would die (one of them would survive)?
Is there a natural tension or disconnect between the vocalist and the instrumentalists in live performance bands?
Is Adele's voice limited to particular genres? Can one call her a versatile singer?
Justin Bieber left India just after the concert. Is it true?
Who has had their life mirror "Back to December” by Taylor Swift?
Does the Bollywood industry even need playback singers, considering that today’s technology can make anyone sound like a professional singer?
How can I find new music similar to this?
What are the worst and best things that Justin Bieber has done?
How can I improve my voice quality to match with the professional singers?
What happened to the money raised from the Justin Bieber concert?
What is the difference between music and sound art?
Who's the best pop female between Katy Perry, Rihanna, Lady Gaga, and Ariana Grande, using any criteria to differentiate them?
Is Coldplay a chick band?
How can we praise a drummer?
I can sing well. What should I do to sing better?
Why is Bollywood trolling Bieber for lip syncing when their singers do the same thing on TV shows and award nights?
What is the best way to become a famous guitarist?
What is one thing you wish you knew before signing your first music publishing deal?
Why are the lot of Indians crazy to see Justin Bieber's show? Why are they throwing an amount of 76,000 INR just to watch Bieber?
Which musicians have changed their stage names multiple times?
How many octaves can Minnie Pearlton sing?
How do I create a merch table for my musician’s tour?
How can I improve my singing voice so I can sing pop songs and get a record deal?
What would the Beatles think of today’s music?
Who is the most flawless singer in America?
Do you listen to Croatian singers?
Who is your favorite singer?
What is your opinion of Joji/George Miller?
Where do singers buy their instrumental music?
If an independent artist (who you don't know) hits you up on social media and asks you to listen to their music, do you?
Are custom-fit musician earplugs worth the cost?
Why was Justin Bieber's India concert ticket rate Rs 70k?
Is Alexandro Querevalú a street singer?
Why couldn’t Justin Bieber make it in India from his live concert held a few days back?
What are some good oriental artists?
What sort of education should I provide to my child who has interest in singing? (keeping in mind her career as a singer or teacher in this field).
Will McCartney tour Australia?
Are popular singers like Armaan, Arijit, Papon responsible for directing their bands in their concert? Or special music directors are appointed?
How much do musicians in super groups like U2, AC/DC, Guns & Roses, etc. make per show?
What are the top 10 overrated mainstream Indian singers of 2013 in your opinion?
Which songs/musicians describe Los Angeles culture?
What are the most popular bands or artists in the U.S. that do not sing in English or Spanish?
How does a singer become famous after honing his or her skills and performing live?
What do you think about Justin Beiber?
What made the Beatles so famous?
What is the difference between a real jazz musician and one that "fakes" it?
Which musicians/bands have been influenced the most by Nine Inch Nails?
Have you ever accidentally bitten your tongue while singing live?
Has any other musician ever had a bomb go off at one of their concerts? If so, how did it affect their career?
Have there ever been any successful country singers who did not sing with a Southern "twang"?
What went wrong with Justin Bieber’s first concert in India?
Is Bon Jovi dead or alive?
Why are male opera singers frequently very fat, whereas women are expected to look the part?
Who is the biggest music artist on Earth right now?
What is your favourite genre of music and who is your favourite singer/band?
What is the name of the most famous singer in the USA?
Would you have let your son spend the night with Michael Jackson?
Is Layne Staley actually an emotional singer?
How do I know what key to tell other musicians that the song is in?
Did Paul McCartney play every instrument on his first solo album, "Ram"?
Why do a lot of people hate Katy Perry?
How do Lana Del Rey’s songs get leaked?
How do I prepare for an interview with a music manager in the music industry?
Who is the father of Justin Bieber?
Did many older girls and women fancy Michael Jackson when he was young?
Which female pop artist do you think has the best voice?
Why is rap considered music?
If you only had one hour everyday to practice as a jazz musician, how would your one hour a day jazz practice session be organized?
I'm looking for a song, what are the most popular rock related songs sung by women? I remember the singer sounding like Joan Jett.
What is Ariana Grande's FaceTime email address?
Does anyone agree with me that Michael Jackson is alive and that he had to arrange a new beginning for his own sanity?
Who are your top 10 favorite American singers?
Is Paul McCartney any relation to Paul McSciencey?
Why are Indian English singers not so famous in Hollywood?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Did Justin Bieber spit on members of the public?
Why do international singers choose to perform in Mumbai and not Delhi?
Is Elton John alive or dead?
How do rock and heavy metal singers get that hoarse and husky voice of theirs?
Do you think Ed Sheeran cries a lot in his private life?
What fach is called for a baritone who can sing both phrases? A voice which lies between lyric and dramatic, like spinto tenor or soprano.
Where should a writer/sometime musician look for artsy cities where he/she can live for under $1K USD/month?
How does an artist see the world?
Should people who attended the Justin Bieber concert ask for refund, as he sang only four songs and did lip-sync for the rest?
Who is your favorite Big Bang idol/singer?
What did Elvis think of the Beatles, the Stones, and The Who?
What artist suffers least from all their music sounding the same?
Do music artists know beforehand which song will be a hit?
Who is a better rapper, Honey Singh or Badshah?
Who is the most talented pop star: Bruno Mars, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, or Zayn Malik?
What caused Michael Jackson’s death?
Can major artists tell which song(s) in their album will be hits and have a chance at the top charts?
Why do you think Taylor Swift has got so many fans like me?
Do light music singers feel bad about not being exponents in classical music, and vice versa?
What are some artists/bands that would sound interesting playing other genres?
What basic technical elements differentiate one singer from another?
What does one have to do if he is good at singing?
What does Taylor Swift's mom do?
Who are your favourite singers? Why? Is it important to adore them?
Do famous artists watch their ratings after they release a new song?
Which is better, Fender Precision Bass or Gibson SG Bass?
What professional singer, dead or alive, has/had the widest vocal range?
Has the singer Brian Ryan ever sung a Hindi song?
How did Exid adapt to the absence of their lead singer, Solji, on the Eclipse EP?
Will the albums from Michael Jackson and Prince increase in value?
What is the best way for me to be known as a singer?
Why does Bruce Springsteen's voice sound so different on the song "Hungry Heart" than on his other well-known songs?
Why is North-Norwegian singer Sivert Høyem so popular in Greece?
What are your views about the song "It ain't me" by Kygo and Selena Gomez?
Who's going to sing at Opole 2017?
Was Elvis Presley a good kisser?
Who is currently the best pop singer in the world?
Do you know of any artists / designers / musicians etc. that collaborate over a distance to create their work?
I think I sing quite well and should get myself trained in classical vocals. Should I?
Is there a website where I can put in a band’s name and find out how much they made on tour last year?
Why is there so much snobbery among musicians?
Are there songs with a lot of phrases like with Katy Perry’s “Roar”?
Why is everyone against Justin Bieber's India concert?
How much can a live cafe singer earn in a month?
Why do so many singers press their lips against the microphone?
Why did Justin Bieber lip-sync in his live performance at Bombay?
Is the new Raabta song's music similar to another song? I can’t recall it.
How do I book a Carnatic musician for an event and how much do they charge typically?
How big would a "Various Artists” discography be?
What did Honey Singh say about Justin Bieber?
What is wrong with the music industry today?
How much money was wasted during Justin Bieber’s Mumbai concert?
When did it become standard in the music industry to release an album with three singles?
What (male) Canadian singer was born in 1994?
Why is Justin Bieber on the worst celebrity list?
How do you feel about Ariana Grande?
How would you feel if you found out Justin Bieber was born female?
Should we feel lucky that we live on the same planet as the most talented singer, Mika Singh?
Who is the singer in Martin Jensen's song "Solo Dance"?
Why do many singers choose to release their new singles on a Friday?
How many tickets are sold at Ariana Grande concerts?
Why would a singer grab their throat and chin when practicing?
Will Grace VanderWaal be the next Taylor Swift?
What are your views about Justin Bieber's concert that recently happened, in Mumbai, India?
Are singers trained to use their throat or esophagus?
Which Nirvana song comes closest to expressing Kurt Cobain's personality?
Did Paul McCartney steal African music for his 1973 'Band on the Run' album?
How do you feel knowing BTS won Top Social Artist at the BBMAs?
I am 19 now. If I start learning to play the keyboard now, how long will it take to become a professional musician?
Do you think having their picture on a business card would improve or detract from a musician's marketability and image?
What are some music videos in which the artist is performing alone?
How did Justin Bieber do his school work?
Which rock stars famously overdosed on drugs?
What are some good recordings and artists to listen to for learning to play the tambourine in jazz?
Who are the singers or bands most infamously known for stealing songs from other artists?
What are the best vocal training softwares for singers available online for free dowonload?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
What is a musician extraordinaire?
Can you suggest musicians who compose like Charles-Valentin Alkan?
What is your opinion on the Justin Bieber's concert held in Mumbai on 2017?
How is shreya ghoshal chemistry with her co singers like sonu nigam?
Can a person sue Justin Bieber for lip syncing at his concert in India? I mean doesn't the money paid by the audience have any value at all?
Is it easier for a singer to become an actor or an actor to become a singer?
What is the name of the drummer with Kurt Hugo Schnieder?
What is the black music band that has a song with lyrics saying "When I was just a little girl"?
Who are some of the best Indian singers that A. R. Rahman didn't create a chartbuster with?
What is your favorite David Bowie song and album?
How can I learn to sing like Justin Timberlake (with his runs and his easy switch from chest to falsetto)?
Why is Justin Bieber getting so much attention from Indian media?
What is your favorite band/singer and what's their best song?
Are any members of The Four Preps still alive?
What are some opinions regarding the Justin Bieber concert held in India?
What are your favorite guilty pleasure bands or musicians?
I want to start listening to English songs. From which singer/band should I start?
Is it possible to be a male singer with a low-singing voice, and still get discovered?
Why do people generally not like the greatest hits of their favourite artist most of all?
What are the plans made about Justin Bieber India concert?
How can I do singing practice, while living in a hostel?
How can I write to Steve Perry?
What kind of relation did Paul McCartney and John Lennon have between 1969 and 1989?
Do you have some background information about Michael Jackson's song "Best of Joy"? Was it dedicated to his kids? I personally love it so much.
Which tango musicians would you recommend to others to listen to?
Why do you like Ed Sheeran?
Who are some singers who had to practice a lot to become followed artists?
Why do most rock musicians have straight hair? Can we relate it to their musical talent?
Can someone with a limited vocal range become a professional singer?
The four lead singers of my four fave grunge bands committed suicide or OD’d. What can I learn from these deaths?
Was Frank Sinatra a good singer?
Why don't most of the country music singers tour outside of the USA?
Why do many successful bands have a key member or two that make the majority of the decisions, and do most of the writing?
Are Americans familiar with the legendary singer Dalida?
Do you think BTS will beat Justin in the Top Artist Award at the BBMAs?
What are the chords to the song Tripping by Robbie Williams?
Who would you say is the best musician or singer from Panama?
Why are good singers good-looking?
How can I sing better like Justin Bieber?
Which musician's concert is the most entertaining?
Did Michael Jackson dislike dirty air (filth)?
Why do some Indians defend Justin Bieber's horrible concert even though it was a total shambles? (Please see the question’s details.)
What is Lady Gaga's impact to the world?
What bands/singers/musicians of today will be remembered as legends in the next 20-30 years?
What is the benefit to India, when Justin Bieber comes to India?
What singers don't perform well in concert?
What is the successful shelf life of a musical band?
Do international pop artists generally lip sync to their songs in live concerts, or were Justin Bieber's fans short-changed in the Mumbai concert?
Who is the most talented KPOP artist in your opinion?
Which music school is the best for songwriter and singers?
How do those small singer earn money?
Why are there so many popular songs in which it sounds like the vocalists are the Chipmunks?
What are the best affordable cities for aspiring musicians in the USA with rail or BRT?
How well do you think George Michael’s voice had aged?
Who was the famous musician in the court of Akbar?
What will happen if singers stop using Auto-Tune?
Who is more controversial, Marilyn Manson, or the Sex Pistols?
What artists are at the intersection of classical and electronic?
Where is the singer Marcos Franz from? Is he American or English?
Why do some singing competition winners not become big stars?
How does a struggling musician feel and is there a point where he feels no matter what he does, he will never make it big?
How can I learn to sing as a newcomer?
What different capacities do blind musicians have?
Are famous actors and musicians more informed about world events and politics than regular people?
How can a beginner improve his voice for singing?
Why do even famous musicians seem to run out of songs after a few years? It's like they have a limited supply within them and then they tap it out.
When is Marilyn Manson on Salem?
Would anybody like to sing any of my songs?
What is syncopation, and how would you learn to hear it?
Why do you think the musician Liz Y2K isn't more popular?
Why does it usually take a musician many years to reach a high level of proficiency on their instrument?
What style of music is typically played during bank heist movie scenes?
Who played Mike's girlfriend in Sing?
What are some possible jobs within the music industry if one does not have a music degree (besides performing)?
When will my voice stop cracking?
Is Travis Barker the best drummer in the world?
Does Kygo & Selena Gomez’s “It Ain’t Me” music video have any meaning, interpretation, or symbolism?
How do you sing in the right key?
Does the number of songs that a musician can play on a guitar matter?
How should an aspiring professional musician manage his/her time while working a day job?
Why do other people unconsciously start singing to themselves when I sing?
Why do bands/artists change their sound overtime?
"But I can kill my wife if I'm a football player." Who is this lyric about?
Which pianist played Adele's Hello?
What compliments do musicians and composers love to hear?
What do you see as the major stumbling blocks for independent artists in the music industry?
What year did Michael Jackson become the King of Pop?
What is Japanese singer Rimi Natsukawa like in real life?
Which musicians started in their 20s?
Does Bollywood really need many songs from rappers than melodious singers?
Is it easier having deaf neighbors, since they won't complain about noise?
If Michael Jackson were still alive, would he be at billionaire status as of 2017?
Why did Ariana Grande start her career as a singer?
Do you agree that "Rockstar," the Hindi album, is the best thing that ever happened for singer Mohit Chouhan?
Does the famous singer Udit Narayan have two wives?
Do fans like it when their favourite band blows up?
What is the best platform for recording someone singing, if the person is not using the recording for auditions?
Are you singing? Where?
As a 17-year-old guy, if I was able to hit an A5 (by screaming the note rather than singing it), does that mean I have the potential to hit it while singing?
Is Zayn Malik's father (Yaser Malik) a musician?
When will Paul McCartney retire from live performing?
What do the things that Lana Del Rey mentions in her songs, have in common?
I am a vocalist in India, and I am planning to work on a metal song with operatic vocals. Symphonic metal is very niche here. How can I make this track special?
Is Amy Jackson related to Michael Jackson?
Is it possible for a fat person like rick Ross to become slim like the musician designer?
Do you think Michael Jackson had a crush on Beyoncé based on the times they were seen together in pubic?
Who writes the lyrics and melodies to features for the songs released by major, well known artists? Is it the feature, the primary artist, or another?
Who is your favorite renaissance artist (painter, sculptor, musician or writer)?
Is Victoria Justice nicer than Ariana Grande in real life?
Who is/was the better instrumentalist - Stevie Wonder or Prince?
Was Brian Wilson a pop genius ahead of Paul McCartney?
Is there any loss to an existing share holder if a share is split?
What if Lady Gaga ran for president?
How do I write songs like the Beach House band does?
What were jazz musician Jelly Roll Morton contributions to American music?
How can I get permission from a singer to use his/her song?
What should one pay Bandcamp artists?
What percentage of people on the planet are professional, paid musicians?
Is Nithin Sawhney the greatest Indian musician of this generation?
Is it just me or are artists like Shawn Mendes a little bit overrated? (I don’t hate him. This is just my opinion.)
What would happen if a music artist got sick before their concert and couldn't sing?
Why did highly successful people like Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe have such miserable lives?
Who are some famous musicians who sing, but aren't very "good"?
What is your favorite song sung by Elton John?
What did Bob Marley say about life?
Can you sing while bathing?
What is the best comment on a musician?
Do you know any famous musician, who was not musically gifted/talented, but still managed to become a successful songwriter?
Where do all the Kanye West studio session short videos come from?
Do you remember an old MTV music video where the members played in a football stadium and at the end of the show they climbed in the back of a pickup?
How can I make women go crazy over me like they do Justin Bieber, don't say I got to be famous or rich either?
Which band/artist comes to mind when the subject of African music entertainment comes up? Why?
How do I find and commission a musician to produce the sound track for my visual novel?
I hear music being made in my head during my sleep, how can I bring this ability out when I'm awake?
Who is the greatest K-Pop songwriter today?
What is a soul singer?
How do I get noticed by a music director if I want to become a playback singer in Bollywood industry?
How tall is David Bowie?
What's the best club/space you've played as a musician?
What are your favorite songs & singer?
What are some bands with a majority of lyrics in a non-native language other than English?
What will Kanye West be doing when he is 80 years old?
Do you think that John Lennon suffered from mental damage?
I’m good at singing but how will I become a famous singer?
Why do I sing good when I sing without music but then bad with music?
Who is the anonymous singer, AZN Pride, who wrote 'Got Rice?' in the 90s?
Who was your favourite singer or band in school?
Who were the musicians in Beethoven's symphonies? Were they full-time musicians? Did they come from all of society's classes?
Is Taylor Swift's girl squad sexist towards males, or is it just feminist?
If Michael Jackson were alive, would he be a billionaire?
What are some great tips to start a garage band?
What types of things did Michael Jackson not like?
Is there any social group or forum of musicians where regularly posts regarding music are made?
How tall is Justin Bieber?
How long does it take to become a pop singer?
How do you sing like Dodie Clark?
Who are some of the playback singers one must listen to?
How many in Ahmedabad are fans of Ed Sheeran? Which is your favourite song?
What equipment do the artists at PC Music use?
Have you gone to a gig and miked up the drums with your own mics using your own mixer, like Dave Weckl does?
What's the best way to book a singer for an event?
Who are some similar artists to Vashti Bunyan?
From a technical vocal standpoint, who is one of the best singers in pop music today?
What is the best marketing strategy for Indie Musicians in Indonesia?
Are there any popular Brazilian singers that sing using a paulista accent?
Is there any Platform/Event for Musicians/Bands to show their talents to local music lovers in Pune?
Who'd win in a fight to the death, Michael Jackson or Prince? Why?
What artists are signed to Geffen Records?
What are the knobs on either side of a pipe organ for?
What are some good songs by Bob Dylan or The Rolling Stones, or any similar musicians?
Why do I struggle when I try to sing pop music but not when I sing classical music?
My vocal range is D#2-A#4. What is my voice type and is it good for a pop/jazz singer?
What are some musical groups that tried hard to sound just like the Beatles back in the day?
What type of singer is Bradley Simpsons from The Vamps?
What do you feel about the concert of Justin Bieber and what is your reaction towards his demands which he kept in front of the organisers?
Which are your top 5 Ariana Grande songs?
Would Janet Jackson be as successful if she wasn't Michael Jackson's sister?
Is there a good speed metal band like Dragonforce but with a female lead singer?
What should I do to become a better trumpet player?
Does Steve Aoki speaks Japanese? If yes, how good would that be?
Do singers get forced by there manager to create explicit music videos or do they choose to do that themselves?
Why do singers have earphones in their ears while they sing?
Is Bob Marley a good person to be praised by youngsters?
Is the sentence “she doesn't like singing and dancing” right, or is it “she doesn’t like singing or dancing”?
Is it true that singers are not supposed to confuse brightness with resonance?
What are some famous musicians from New York?
Who is the best singer in Shimla?
What do you think of the new Texas album?
Did Elvis sign his own death certificate?
Can I find the basic things needed to be a musician in a fraction of a second?
Why are bands like London Grammar less popular than single artists like Ariana Grande or Lady Gaga? Does it prove that people are more into looks than art?
What does Britney Spears sound like pre-production and without autotune? Is she a good singer?
If someone says "name your price, no minimum" for online music, is it skeevy to pay nothing?
What modern band/musician do you think writes the most meaningful lyrics?
I used to sing quite well, hitting high notes easily, but now I feel like I just can't. Can one suddenly lose the ability to sing?
What is Richard De Sousa doing now?
Why do people love Michael Jackson so much?
What makes the songs of Pitbull and Bassnectar so amazing and what can sound artists and singers learn from their songs?
What are some underrated songs that deserve more attention?
If you had a chance to write your own gravestone, what would you write?
Who are Israel Houghton’s back-up singers in the video for the song Chasing Me Down?
Why doesn’t some famous English band or artist come to Oasis in BITS Pilani?
Why won't Dave Grohl talk about Kurt Cobain?
Is Randy Hansen the world’s greatest guitar player?
Who is a better singer, Arijit Singh or Sonu Nigam?
What are the chances of a person becoming as big as Justin Bieber?
Are there any good openings in the music industry in Melbourne? Is there any chance of settling down in Australian music industry?
How did Big Pun become a musician?
Why is it the case that musicians have a tough life in terms of social acceptance?
How would an artist releasing music anonymously promote their music?
Do any of you musicians know if there is any limit for voice improvement in singing? And how does one improve his voice to a great extent?
Why do singers swing their hands so much?
How do I find and commission a musician to produce music for my Visual novel game?
Why do many classical musicians act superior to other musicians?
Is Tom Scholtz, of the band Boston, one of the greatest musicians ever?
How long do Justin Bieber’s concerts last?
If you could put together a dream band consisting of a vocalist, drummer, bassist, lead and rhythm guitarists, which musicians would you choose & why?
Why would a Smule singer unfollow another singer?
How do I find musicians through the Internet?
Was Elvis Presley a great musician?
Is Angus Young a good guitarist?
If a person never heard music/someone singing, would they be able to discover that they could sing although they don't know what singing is?
What makes Michael Jackson so unique?
What’s the probability of raising the vocal range by more than two/three semitones?
Who are some artists that sing Bachata songs?
Can you learn how to riff when you sing or is it a natural talent?
How do I find instrumentalists, e.g. a pianist and guitarist, etc. in order to form a band in Kenya?
Who is the greater composer: Paul McCartney or Ethel Smyth?
I’m a student with a unique talent for reverse singing. How can I expose it to the world?
Can I become a successful music director if I have no musical background?
Is it weird for a guy to like Britney Spears?
Who will be the monumental artists/musicians/bands of this generation once the others have gone?
Is Mohammad Rafi's son a singer?
Did Madonna ever appear topless?
Did the original "Paul McCartney" really leave the Beatles?
What's the first song that comes to your mind when you think of Taylor Swift?
Which artists, musicians and bands are similar to The Sables electronica band from Frankfurt?
What are the opportunities for a guitarist?
What has been your experience with adjusting to dentures as a trained singer?
How many fans did Michael Jackson have?
How can I learn to modulate my voice and sing well?
Are there any successful singers, especially in India who did not take any formal training?
Are there professional opportunities for an opera singer who doesn’t have a degree yet?
Has the SF Bay Area been experiencing a creative brain drain over the decades? How has it changed over the years? Where are all the artists heading?
What causes the skin disease that Michael Jackson had?
Why are almost all of Lana Del Rey's demos upbeat pop songs?
Are you all excited about the news that Justin Bieber is going to come to India?
I can't sing high notes. Do I count as a "good" singer?
How do superstar musicians travel on tour?
Did Michael Jackson ever teach anybody how to sing face to face?
Can I sing high notes, if I can lip roll them?
If Beyonce wasn't an entertainer, what would she be doing? Would she be in fashion design?
How can anyone measure the success of a pop musician?
Why were the Bollywood singers lip syncing at the Radio Mirchi Music Awards?
What is your review of Cashmere Cat's new album, "9"?
How much do Iranian singers usually charge to come and sing for one night?
What do you call a singer or a musical artist going on top of fans hands?
Who was the first known blues musician?
Who is the lead vocal in The Beatles’ “P.S. I Love You”?
I want to read all interviews that Taylor Swift has done, where should I look for it on the web?
Does Rihanna write her own songs?
I registered copyright for my CD before I published it. After I publish, do I have to make changes to the copyright registration?
Would John Lennon have predicted for himself that he would die soon?
How do I get a famous singer to do an introduction to his/her song on a radio station?
Why are Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder considered great musicians?
Is Nikolai Kapustin's music considered jazz?
Who are the most influential musicians of the 20th century?
Can I become a good playback singer if I study MBBS?
Who is a great singer in South India?
Am I not masculine enough if I listen to Ariana Grande?
How can I sing like Chester Bennington?
What is a good ear-training method for classical pianists?
How can I make my carreer in music?
Which of the current generation of actors and musical artists will be remembered in years to come? Real great ones have been dying off regularly.
What do you think about the recent spat between Sonakshi Sinha and other singers regarding the Justin Bieber concert?
What was Michael Jackson like, in terms of his nature?
How to be associated with music?
Why did Ed Sheeran cast Jennie Pegouskie in 'Shape of You'?
When will Miley Cyrus do more Disney movies?
Who's the famous 50's country singer who died at 29?
Is there a common thread that has always sparked the creativity of great thinkers, scientists, artists, musicians, writers, and philosophers throughout history?
Do drugs make you appreciate good artistic music, or do they make you tolerate something you wouldn't like normally?
Was Luis Miguel trying to reach perfection at some point in his career as a singer?
How do bands/artists feel about playing at colleges?
How do artists, musicians, composers and other creatives manage financially on a day-to-day basis in the Silicon Valley/SF Bay Area?
Who's voice has more emotion when singing, Adele or Sia?
How tall was John Lennon?
Can anyone identify another youngster with a voice more stunning than Kazakh singer Dimash Kudaibergen?
Who is passing test of time the best among The Beatles, Elvis, and Michael Jackson?
How can I watch a Justin Bieber concert in India live from home?
What are the main reasons why so many aging rock musicians stay so slender?
Would it be good/acceptable to sing in a different accent than the one I have?
Is it normal to be frustrated that your favorite artist doesn't get the recognition they deserve?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
How do I strengthen my higher chest in singing?
How can I learn to sing and dance extremely well?
What can I do to work for a pop singer?
Would you like to receive a personalized/signed beer (favorite artist) for your leftover tokens from a festival?
Can anyone sing at the level of Frank Sinatra?
Are there any famous non-feminist female singers?
How will women treat me if I become a mega star like Justin Bieber and Michael Jackson?
Which Chinese singer do you like best?
What are some lifehacks that every musicians should know?
What are the similarities between Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder?
Should I join a music class, even though I'm over 20 now? Is it possible that I can still be a good singer?
What gadgets are required for an electric guitar?
Do they have a proper music industry in India?
Why does Justin Bieber dislike The Weeknd?
How many Paul McCartneys were there?
Who is the best singer out there in the USA, for adults?
Why are there so many questions about David Bowie? They've long since become boring and redundant.
Why do people often make fun of Justin Bieber's feminine charm?
How do some music artists become popular even though they don't make good music?
If Elvis Presley was the King of Rock 'n' Roll, why didn’t he perform at Woodstock?
Who is a handsome male Bollywood singer?
Should you follow your burning desire of becoming a singer if you can’t sing?
Who are some French singers like Adele and Dido?
How do I get my singing review?
How was Nushrat Fateh Ali Khan Saheb able to hit very high notes for such a long time? Was it his natural ability or continuous practice?
Did the video Thriller make the album as legendary as it is?
Why does Justin Bieber require too much luxury for a one-day show in India?
What are typical education steps for classical musicians?
Are there other Indian musicians like Nithin Sawhney?
Why does the song, Suspicious Minds, by Elvis Presley fade temporarily after 3:20?
Which artists are known for exaggerating colours in order to represent emotion?
I want to become a professional singer, but I have stage fright. How do I get over it and how do I become a singer?
What was your favorite live performance by The Band?
What song has been covered/recorded by the largest number of different artists of all time?
How much do successful musicians sleep?
What are bands/music artists similar to Die Antwoord?
Are KPOP singers better than JPOP singers?
Which are some similar artists to Buddy and Julie Miller?
Why is Elvis Presley regarded as a musical and cultural icon of the US?
Why do some live artists let the crowd sing the best parts?
Was there more than one Paul McCartney?
In what scale, major or minor, does Lana Del Rey usually write her songs?
Why does "philosopher" sound pretentious as a self-description, but not necessarily, say, "historian" or "musician"?
Michael​ Jackson died at the age of 50, as did Elvis Presley. Both were the "King of Pop" - coincidence or conspiracy?
Who is the singer of Mere Rashke Qamar?
Are there famous singers who do not know how to read music?
Can a loner become a successful music producer or a successful songwriter?
Should a person with a shrill voice become a singer or a rapper?
When you love a song, do you have a tendency to identify with the singer somehow?
Where can I find a list of modern rap singers?
Where can I get music for my game?
As a musician, how can I invest in myself?
How much money do members of pop singers' live bands make?
Would it be weird if a singer who sings in a British accent was actually American?
Who is Keane's lead singer?
How can a musician use an athlete's mindset to his/her benefit?
How could a singer survive before he became famous?
Which musician did the most drugs?
What is the range of an average female singer?
Which music artist's new album are you highly anticipating this year?
How did Corey Taylor become the lead vocalist of Stone Sour and Slipknot?
What happened to Jimmy Rosenburg?
Do you think Selena Gomez will abandon Taylor Swift if she ever gets involved with drugs or gets arrested?
Is starting a band with my girlfriend a good idea?
I spent money in a recording studio making a CD. How do I write it off on my tax forms?
As a musician, do you enjoy the road?
Can Katy Perry compose her music?
Who’s the best drummer?
Can a low/mid baritone like me have a chance of being a K-pop idol or a singer, even just a rapper? I presume that my vocal range is around "F#3-C5" (sort of there). I'm 15 by the way.
Why do singers write songs for other singers instead of using them for themselves?
For Taylor Swift fans: Would you rather Taylor release a brand NEW single or the original extended version of All Too Well?
Why are Indian DJ artists not making a huge impact on the global music industry?
What male singers or actors have a high male fan base?
Elvis Presley and the Beatles had trouble getting recording deals and were advised by industry pros to give it up. How could they have been so wrong?
Who is the best singer of Tollywood at the moment?
Is it possible to become a decent instrumental musician and composer, without learning how to sing?
How can a musician who used to boss maths study it again to take advantage of the inherent mathematical nature of music?
What type of musician makes the most money as a street performer?
In a live orchestra concert, what are some potential mistakes or screw-ups that musicians are afraid of?
Is Taylor Swift dating Charles Zhang?
Why is Bob Marley more popular than Fela?
How do vocal cords look for a person who can't sing and for a person who can sing like Whitney Houston? Is their thyrohyoid muscle(s) stronger?
Which cities have the best opportunities for a jazz musician who is starting his career?
Who are some artists similar to Barbara Kruger?
Would I have a better chance succeeding with a career as an architect or a musician?
Why aren't musicians like Dweezil Zappa and Jason Bonham acclaimed and revered as their late fathers, even though they have followed a similar path in music?
Do people know Ariana Grande was on Broadway before she was famous?
Is it possible for anyone to become a great singer?
Who is your favourite: Alan Walker or Justin Bieber?
How does it feel to live like Selena Gomez?
How do I make great guitar cover videos for YouTube?
Do excellent studio musicians resent the fame and fortune of musicians of lesser talent who get rich in popular bands?
Does the playback singers sing as they wish, or does the music director have to tell them how to sing the tune of the lyrics?
Are there institutions that support documentation and exchange projects of traditional music/musicians?
Where can I find more information about Stefanie Sun, who is a singer from Singapore?
If Paul McCartney had been murdered instead of John Lennon, would he be seen as the most talented of the Beatles?
What are some useful habits I should develop as a musician?
Does James Corden hate Taylor Swift?
Are there any other musicians who are being falsely claimed to own your music copyrights by The Orchard Music?
Are there any modern day low tenor singers?
What was John Lennon working on before he was killed?
Which female/male singer sings slow music with a nice voice, like relaxing/soft music to listen to?
Which musicians had the most difficult or tragic lives?
What are the singing muscles you need to train to be as good of a singer as Whitney Houston?
Who is/was the better poet - Bob Dylan or Leonard Cohen?
What benefits are there to learning piano as a composer/musician?
What are the benefits of being a musician to society?
Where is Justin Bieber's house?
Who are the lead singer(s) in Boyz II Men?
How did Michael Jackson learn about the allegations in 2003 and 1993?
Who are some talented rock/pop musicians who have had some terrible hairstyles in their career?
Has there anyone who at any point was globally more famous than Michael Jackson during his peak?
Did Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan ever perform with Lata Mangeshkar?
Are there any recent famous people that were married to a mother and her daughter?
Is it sensible to be a fan of a writer, director, or musician (an artist) if that artist has been known or proven to be a despicable human being?
What were some famous singers during the 1950s?
What are the basic audio enhancement features and concepts a musician should know for stage performance? (Special preferences to bansuri)
Do you know of any accomplished artists, musicians, or writers who are the oldest among siblings?
Why is Bob Marley known for ganja?
Why were old Jazz melodies covered by so many artists of that time?
Which singer from the older generation does Sonu Nigam relate to?
Do late piano musicians have increased sized corpus callosums?
Is it possible to keep one's singing high forever?
Is Eddie Vedder an English ghazal singer?
What are some suggestions for music like Yellow Light (Of Monsters and Man) and Big Picture (London Grammar)?
How much money do singers (Taylor Swift) make per concert?
What is the most influential music event?
How can I verify Facebook musician/band page?
Who are the best singers in Lebanon?
What are the necessary credentials/degrees/certifications to be a business/artist manager in the music industry?
How do you book a pop singer for a concert?
Who are some good artists that are similar to Teamsesh (Bones, Xavier Wulf)?
Did Bowie release at least one flawless album?
How many records did the Beatles sell by 1970?
What are some singers with special voice?
How could I have and maintain a wife and kids if I'm a musician constantly on the road?
What do great classical musicians think about transposing/ arranging orchestra scores for small groups or solo instruments?
Why do musicians sign to record labels when they can have better economic condition being an independent artist?
Have you listened to Mexican singer Joan Sebastian?
What are some ways to generate multiple streams of income as a musician?
Is Wiz Khalifa underrated?
How can I prevent hand cramps while I am playing Bach?
Is (the real) Paul McCartney dead?
What are some facts about John Lennon?
What happened to the lead singer of the Manic Street Preachers, who disappeared?
How much is Justin Bieber charging for the Mumbai concert?
Why was and is Michael Jackson famous?
I want to sing well. What should I do?
What are the mainstream singers that people avoid and what singers do you listen to?
Who are the best singers in America and England?
What royalities do singers get who don't write their own songs?
What is the difference between Michael Jackson and Bob Dylan?
What is Zakk Wylde's workout routine?
Why do we need air to talk and sing?
How did Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan die? (Little brother of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan)
What was Michael Jackson's religion?
What if the Beatles had kept making Beatlemania era music and never matured musically?
How much of an influence do musicians from the 50's to 80's have today?
Are there any other bands that make music like The Lumineers?
Should beginner guitarists play jazz?
How much singing and practice can you do a day? I'm struggling to get my repertoire in time.
Generally, people don't like their own recorded voice. What about singers? What do they feel about their own voice?
How can I become a singer in a Gujarati movie?
What is Justin Bieber's IQ?
Who are your favourite foreign music artists?
Are Paul McCartney and Denny Laine still not speaking to each other?
Why do people act like women are attracted to musicians?
How do you know if you’re a good singer while using an electronic device?
How about Chrissy Costanza?
Have you met a notable musician, and what was your impression of them?
What will be the best Instagram hashtags for Indian cover singers to connect with music directors and grab some opportunities?
Is Arijit Singh (অরিজিত) the best singer in West Bengal film industry?
Do you think Michael Jackson would have liked me as a person?
What are some known facts about the saint singer Kanakadasa?
Which is Ariana Grande’s best song?
What is the best Paul McCartney & Wings song?
Should I use my M-Audio Fast Track Pro with a power supply instead of USB power?
Which singer from the older generation does Sunidhi Chauhan relate to?
What can a person do to become a great musician?
Who are the popular English singers with actually terrible voices?
Who are some scientists, engineers, or great intellectuals who suffered great tragedies in their lives?
Who is the most fashionable celebrity in the world?
What genre does Yiruma fall into?
Where can I find a drummer?
Why does Justin Bieber have so many haters?
How would life have unfolded for Kurt Cobain had he been born in India?
Who is the most famous singer to audition on The Voice?
Why does a western pop singer wear tarnished jeans, and a backwards cap whereas an Indian classical singer wears a pajama kurta, dhoti and remains very calm?
What are some examples of famous immigrant singers?
Where do websites get the paparazzi photos from?
Have you, as a musician, ever been in an accident in which you lost a finger/hand? What did you do after it happened?
Who are some acoustic singers with soft voices/music?
People claim that Michael Jackson's IQ was of 164. But how did people know of this?
Do you think quality trumps quantity in today's music industry?
What do you call the "growling" some singers, usually females, do? Why do they do this and why do most people like these singers?
If I am Taylor Swift, what questions would you like to ask me?
Is there any singer with both a beautiful female voice and male voice?
Where is the French singer Indila nowadays. Why doesn't she sing now?
What is specifically the anatomy of Whitney Houston’s voice? What went on with her larynx & vocal muscles?
Who are some female singers with deep voices?
Who is the best singer in asoiaf?
What did Justin Bieber think of Toby Sheldon?
Why isn't Hendersin famous?
How's David Bowie’s family?
Who is the oldest singer to sing a pop song?
What is the best way to manouver the music industry?
What bands are (very) similar to Tremonti?
Did Michael Jackson have a girlfriend?
Who are some indie folk/pop nice female/male singers?
What French singer springs to your mind first?
What should I do if I want to become a playback singer?
Is it compulsory to make bass mono?
What is a name list of singers like Eminem? I like this genre.
How did Michael Jackson learn of the allegations in 1993 and in 2004?
Why there are no famous bands, musicians, and even singers that want to hold concerts in China?
What musician would you be most surprised to hear used drugs?
As he was composing it, did David Bowie know Blackstar was going to be his last album?
Was George Harrison the nicest Beatle?
What do artists think when they hear their own music on the radio?
What do you think about Chrissy Costanza?
Is it worth setting up or buying a vocal booth for my home studio or shall I rent a recording studio?
How much do artists make on groove music?
Why is it that when I sing really soft I can hit really high notes, but when I sing in my normal voice I can't hit those same high notes?
Between a musician and a footballer, who has a greater influence on fashion?
Is Elvis Presley short for Pelvis Presley?
Do you know about Taylor Swift’s favorite things?
What are the names of some of the Chinese singers?
Why do some jazz music pieces feel chaotic, distressing, panicking, and unsettling?
As a violinist, what level do I need to be to apply to a conservatoire or to have a future as a musician?
What are some good bands/artists?
Why can singing certain songs offend or upset some people?
Did Michael Jackson love babies?
What was the sadness like after John Lennon died in 1980?
What do you think of Taylor Swift?
Who are some singers with sensual/warm voices?
Who were the musicians who recorded Diana Ross's "Upside Down?"
Who are some famous contralto singers?
Does a singer become famous after going to IIT?
Are Indians overreacting over Katy Perry’s Instagram post?
Which Michael Jackson video/other media has the visual effect of multiplication of his silhouette in various colors?
Why can most classical singers sing without a microphone, but most pop singers cannot?
Do you train your extrinsic laryngeal muscles to become a better singer?
Who is the best singer in One Direction?
Have you listened to Mexican singer Marco Antonio Solis?
If I'm Selena Gomez, what questions would you like to ask me?
How do I control nervousness while singing?
Why do John Lennon fans and Paul McCartney fans hate each other?
What makes you want to give up on the music industry?
In what way was Bach’s career similar to or different from a musician today?
How do I sing like I’m British?
Should all artists and bands have at least one anti-religious song?
Can you apply to Berklee (vocal specialty) if you don't have previous musical studies but you are pretty good at singing?
Does David Bowie haunt people?
What should I first introduce of David Bowie to someone who doesn't know his work?
Do you have to have a teacher to become a good musician?
What does it take to be a professional musician in India?
Did Justin Bieber go for music classes?
Do many working professional musicians who completed music degrees find that doing the course was worth it in terms of helping their career?
How is Jimmy Page regarded among other musicians?
Can you become a good singer with a bad voice?
Why was Canadian reggae musician Snow not able to have more commercially successful albums after the his first album release "12 Inches of Snow"?
What kind of cartoons did Michael Jackson like?
What can you learn from listening to great opera singers in terms of technique? How do you do it?
Does AR Rahman as a singer sing correctly in Sur?
How do jazz musicians make a living in Amsterdam?
What are some of Bobby DeBarge's major accomplishments as a musician?
I am a singer, how can I earn money?
Which singer do you like better, Pink or Lana Del Rey and why? What are their best songs?
Why do we feel like singing in the bathroom?
What can I do to make you stop for a few minutes to listen to my music? What would you be interested in a new artist in general?
How does the music industry differ throughout the world?
Why do people fan girl or fan guy over musicians and actors?
Do Jai Prakash & Justin Bieber look alike?
Who are the best musicians in history and why?
Who is attending Justin Bieber's concert in India?
How do I go about practicing guitar/music for 20+ hours a week, while working 40 hours a week and going to school?
What are the best pop singers/bands of the last 20 years?
Who is the most popular singer in the Bollywood?
What questions would you ask a singer?
At what age do singers typically reach their peak?
What advice would you like to give to your past self as a musician?
New to jazz, what should I listen to?
Did Michael Jackson have a true sleep disorder, or was he really just hooked on any drugs he could get ahold of?
Why is Selena Gomez so overrated? Yes, she is nice, but is she actually a good singer?
What musician said that the beginning of a piece should be like crushing a ripe strawberry?
What does it mean when a singer covers one eye?
Why do some people seem to strongly dislike Ed Sheeran's music?
Do all Martin N 20 guitars sound the same? Are there other musicians that use a Martin N 20 that sound like Trigger?
Do you know an amateur singer?
Should I be a musician?
Is it really long at the top when you are successful like Michael Jackson?
Where can I find management or record companies that work with world music artists?
What did Paul McCartney think of John Lennon as a musician, singer and songwriter?
How do I book a famous singer to sing at my wedding?
What are your top 10 artists on the Greatest Hot Latin Songs Artists chart?
Is it normal to listen to one singer?
Does David Bowie watch us and know we love him and know who his fans are now?
What is "Love Me Harder" by Ariana Grande about?
How many songs should a musician know how to play?
I’m 18 now. If I start learning proper music, will I become a playback singer?
Who's greater, Michael Jackson or Carrie Underwood?
How did Michael Jackson get discovered?
Why do Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift have so many fans?
Where can I find David Bowie?
Inspite of having so many talented singers why hasn't India been able to produce international sensations like the One Direction music band and other international singers?
Which musicians lived happy and long lives?
What are some great pop and R&B artists (unpopular) you love listening to? And how did you discover them?
What made Stuart Elliott become a drummer?
In which country does Justin Bieber live?
As a bassist and lead singer, I cannot focus on one without the other suffering. What can I do to improve?
Who are the upcoming artists and singers in Indian music industry?
Did Michael Jackson wear boxers or briefs?
Should bands be willing to play live shows for free at venues, or does that devalue live music and make it hard for musicians in general?
What is the thinking of a singer?
If you could create a new product for musicians, what would it be?
How can I become a singer at the age of 22? How do I prepare for the same?
Is it normal to only listen to David Bowie?
How should an individual go about working in the music industry?
Did Michael Jackson like boats?
Is Billy Joel the best singer ever?
What is your favorite David Bowie year?
At what tempo can something still be called music?
Who is your favorite underrated musician?
Why are some people naturally good at singing?
What would it be if Yo Yo Honey sang feminism?
Did Stevie Ray Vaughan ever play live with any guitar other than a Stratocaster?
What are songs like Elvis Presley’s It's Now Or Never?
Why was Jesse McCartney a fad compared to Justin Bieber who is still rocking after 7 years?
Why do musicians still turn to record labels when they can approach the audience directly through the Internet?
Why do we Indians love actors more than singers?
How much should you bring to an Ariana Grande concert if you are only 13?
Which singer will I follow? How do I find out?
Did the Beatles like the Beach Boys' music?
Why don't people judge the famous opera singers?
Can Rihanna surpass the overall best selling record of The Beatles?
How can I sing like Lady Gaga?
From Cold Play, One Republic to Twenty One Pilots, Lana Del Rey, Gothic. My mind swirls mood quite insanely and instantly. Is something wrong with me?
Are there any secret tips for singers who want to get into a certain mindset, in order to prepare to sing?
Does singing/listening to songs also make you feel better?
Who is Ritesh Pandey?
When would the Beatles have reunited had Lennon lived?
What techniques can be used to sing higher notes?
Who are/were the best musicians in SVNIT?
Is Ed Sheeran’s ‘Castle on the Hill’ easy to sing for beginners?
Why is Yo Yo Honey Singh not recording songs?
What is the best modern song you have ever heard?
Who owns Selena Quintanilla’s music?
Who is a great singer in Bollywood?
Who is the youngest and greatest playback singer of India?
Can singing everyday improve my voice?
If a famous singer sings someone else’s song, would Shazam recognize it?
What would you say to learning piano by slowly learning a super difficult piece like Turkish March?
What if I'm in an IIT and decide to become a singer when I'm 20? Is that possible?
Why do you loathe Yo Yo Honey Singh?
How often should a new unestablished artist play live?
In Bollywood, which singer has the ability to sing tough song?
Who are the best singers for Punjabi songs?
What are the differences between a strict, perfectionist and a free minded musicians?
Where do musicians hang out in New Jersey? What attracts musicians to venues?
While in the past singers and rappers used to sell millions of albums, how much do they earn now?
How can I become the world's most insane guitarist?
What's the best remedy for a sore throat just days before a performance?
If you can 'steal' someone else's voice, which singer/person would you choose?
What does a manager for music artists do?
Which musicians are way overrated?
Is it hard to earn money as a musician or singer?
Why are men with deeper speaking voices stereotyped as good singers although that is not necessarily true?
Do Indian male singers have female counterparts? If yes, can you list them?
What are some Japanese musicians?
How do bands know how to keep in time with the singer?
Who are some artists similar to xxxTentacion?
What are some soft revenges happened between Chainsmokers and Justin Bieber?
Is Yo Yo Honey Singh the person who articulated the song, "Choot Vol. 1"?
How do people make music?
Why did Bob Marley wear Judaica?
Who are some famous guitarists with extremely simple rigs?
Is it known when Taylor Swift wrote “I Knew You Were Trouble” with Max Martin?
Who are Marc Anthony's backup singers?
How many hours a week do professional musicians practice/work on their craft?
Has Taylor Swift's voice changed since her debut?
What would Jim Morrison have thought of Kurt Cobain?
Is there such a thing as New Age jazz? If so, who are its main artists and what are its musical characteristics?
What did The Beatles think of each other's music?
What is Michael Jackson saying in the background of "Who Is It"?
Is Jai Prakash India's Justin Bieber?
Who is the best singer in Hollywood?
What are some examples of female musicians being sexy without being objectified?
On what level should I put my microphone?
Why are classical musicians super concerned on pitch accuracy?
When a singer releases an album, does he already know which songs will be successful?
What profession could I do for a living by quitting being a jazz musician?
Why does the use of Auto-Tune correction slightly cut my voice during singing even when I am hitting notes right?
What is the average pay of a television singer in Kolkata, India?
Why are the Beatles so overrated when they just played 'music hall' pop with little comparison in quality to their 'less heard' contemporaries?
Where is Frank Sinatra buried?
How do I become a musician while studying?
How much money does a music artist take home, according to online sources?
Which music album is better - Divide by Ed Sheeran or Memories Do Not Open by The Chainsmokers?
How nice is Stevie Wonder in person?
Was Taylor Swift pretty when she was a little girl?
Does David Bowie really have superpowers?
Who is the painter of "Madonna dell ’UFO", also known as "Madonna and Child with the Infant St. John"?
How much do singers make from touring?
How much contingency practicing do musicians do?
What does Katy do?
Do musicians playing instruments requiring them to vibrate their hands develop later health problems because of it?
How is the life of recording dance artists?
What do successful musicians do differently than unsuccessful ones?
How do Canadians feel about Justin Bieber?
Why did Elvis Presley become such a controversial figure?
Can I meet Steve Perry?
What do people think of Justin Bieber saying that he is the Kurt Cobain of this generation?
Did Michael Jackson truly speak badly about Jews?
Do you like Fetty Wap's voice? Why or why not?
Why does Justin Bieber have so many dislikes on his music videos?
What are the best things to do to become a better singer?
What actor could play Kurt Cobain?
How much would an average fan be prepared to spend on a unique copy of his favorite artist's rare take?
Who is the Guinness World Record singer in India?
How can I become popular over social media with my great singers voice?
Which current bands/musicians are known to have groupies?
What are some of the most successful Honduran singers of all times?
Do musicians think about time signature when they create a song?
What did it feel like when you met Frank Sinatra (if you did)?
Does 'Loving You' by Minnie Riperton contain the highest note ever sung by a pop singer? Or can anyone name a song with a higher note?
Can I make it in the pop music industry by singing low notes a lot?
What do you think about Harry Styles’ debut single “Sign of the Times”?
Why do most people in India give more attention to actors than singers? Why do they forget singing is tougher than acting?
Can a stage name be the name of a song?
How can I get the opportunity to perform with a singing band in Mumbai?
Why are most of the songs of Ed Sheeran censored?
How popular is Taylor Swift in the US?
What are the advantages of joining a musician's union like the American Federation of Musicians?
What are the disadvantages of Spotify for a musician?
What is the best place to find good, experienced, seasoned, and like-minded musicians to form a band in Delhi/NCR?
What does a musician intend by saying, "I dedicate this song to…," during a performance?
Why was David Bowie so far ahead of his contemporaries?
Can musicians earn a decent living via creating content on YouTube? How?
How do rock musicians write music?
Why does A R Rahman no longer include singers (Shankar Mahadevan, Hariharan, etc.) from his yesteryear albums in his latest ventures?
How do game companies hire musicians to make music for a game?
What singers are there on Smule?
Why do I sing out of tune when I sing with a band?
What are some legitimate opinions about Kurt Cobain's death being performed/planned by his wife?
If Hitler, Stalin, Mussolini and Tojo formed a boy band, who would be the lead singer?
Will it help your career as a musician if you want to hide your identity?
Who is the best musician, AR Rahman or Ilaiyaraja?
What are the best ways for a non-musician to understand music theory in general?
What are the perks of marrying a singer?
Do you know of any black female lead rock singers?
Is sending music to promo channels good for new musicians?
What happened to Colby O'Donis?
What skills should I have before I can consider myself an intermediate guitarist?
If Bieber's voice was low, would he be famous?
Why do some pop singers choose to not phrase on beat but a little bit behind or above it?
Are there any American artists with Spinnin' Records?
Who do you think are the best African musicians?
What are the most active areas in the US for pro musicians and associated professions?
When was Justin Rodriguez (Justin Rodz), founder of Rodz Productions born?
Did Noel Redding or Mitch Mitchell write any songs for the Jimi Hendrix Experience?
Can a bad singer become a good singer?
Is Adele worth seeing live? Is she a good performer?
Did David Bowie play any instruments?
Why does Danielle Cohn attempt to sing?
What would you say, if a song by Justin Bieber featured Ed Sheeran?
Is it legal to use animated versions of musicians and their music (covers) and famous people in my not-for-profit cartoon?
I want to be a psychotherapist, but I also want to be a famous singer. Is it possible to do both?
What is the best ever possible way to learn music?
What jazz song (or style) is heard in the background of this scene?
What is squillo in classical singing?
Do you think that if the Thriller fame had not happened to Michael Jackson, he would have been better off? Would he still be alive?
Who are the members of the band Gorillaz?
What are the criteria of valuability of academic singing?
Are people interested in 'Singer', a Chinese singing competition show?
If you had the choice, would you want to be a famous musician?
Does being a musician and a "creative" thinker make your programming learning harder?
Which musical artist and/or band made the biggest impact in the music industry in the 20th century?
Who are the best technical vocal singers or artists in this world? (I am not talking about the voice quality and musical zoners) and why?
Who is a better singer, Ed Sheeran or Justin Bieber?
How can an ameteur guitarist become a flamenco guitarist?
Was the development of modern music theory influenced by any people who were neither musicians nor composers?
What do orchestra musicians think about when they accompany rock bands?
How can musicians play silent notes along with a high bpm metronome (especially if the silent notes are exactly on the beat)?
How is Art Sky Agency for recording artists, talent management, entertainment and the music business?
How do I have a "downward" feeling when singing?
What record labels would you prefer if you were a musician or singer?
Are there better opportunities for musicians in Los Angeles?
Will you “smash or pass” Justin Bieber? Why?
Is endorsing a dubious singer/artist by listening to their song wrong?
Have you been to the concert of any singer? If yes then who was it?
Can melodyne make you a good singer for pop music?
As a performing musician and introvert, how do you manage?
Was Michael Jackson a household name in 1971?
Are there any rock singers who are good scat singers?
Is there a famous DJ that doesn't produce his own song?
Why don't Rihanna and Beyoncé make a duet?
This sounds strange, but I have a huge crush on a singer with a wife and a child. What should I do?
What characteristics distinguish Polish singers?
Who are some amazing female vocalists that are lesser known, such as Eva Cassidy?
Why does Cecilia Bartoli not sing at the Met Opera any more?
What is the vocal range of Amira Willighagen, and who do you think is better at singing, Jackie Evancho or Amira?
What happened to talented musicians?
What are the benefits of a slightly lower larynx when it comes to singing?
Will you smash or pass "Taylor Swift"? Why?
Does anyone like My Way by Frank Sinatra? I need your help. Thanks.
What's your opinion on Michael Jackson? Why?
How do you think Kurt Cobain would feel about all the post-mortem idolization we give him?
What percentage do musicians get from tour revenue?
People who can sing, were you great at singing before training (formal or informal) or did training get you there?
Is it easier for an unsigned or a signed musician to make a living via streaming, given that unsigned musicians get a higher proportion of the profits?
How did music become what it is today?
Who are the band members of Penn Masala?
What risks do musicians run if they use a sample of another piece of music in a song, but don't get clearance for it?
Why do people not understand Michael Jackson?
Which singer sounds best in ABBA, Frida or Agnetha?
Do musicians play the same instrument every time?
Who was the best country music artist in the 70s and 80s?
How many number one songs did CCR have?
Why music is such an important part of our life?
Which Punjabi singer has the biggest fan following?
Could rock musicians write such songs without using drugs? For example, Kurt Cobain from Nirvana.
What is the musician's name?
Who are the best singers in English?
What is a 360 deal, relating to music? What are the implications for a musician that signs this kind of deal?
Who are some famous singers who were not born with a lot of vocal talent but became very good after practice?
What killed Kurt Cobain?
Why do Beatles fans like to pit John Lennon and Paul McCartney against each other?
Did Michael Jackson subconsciously marry Lisa Marie Presley because she was Elvis' daughter and he wanted to be a king of pop power couple?
Why is Taylor Swift hot?
How do professional musicians record new tracks?
Would Michael Jackson still be alive if he never died?
Who killed John Lennon and why?
As a long-time musician from a medium-sized Southwestern city, what are the best ways to find members for a band?
Why will the music industry not recognise Skylar Grey?
Who is the lady in Enrique Iglesias' Bailamos video?
Who is the best singer in Japan?
Who are some good, not well-known alternative artists?
What are the biggest challenges for angel investors wanting to invest in musicians?
My lead singer does not want to play at any politically related event. What shall I do?
Did Chance the Rapper deserve the Grammy for best Rap Album over Kanye West and Drake?
Was Prince a good drummer?
What do professional musicians think of the per stream payment rates offered by Spotify and YouTube?
Why did Ed Sheeran name his latest album Divide?
How much money did singers in India make?
What are the benefits of owning your own publishing rights as a musician?
Who is the Dalit pop singer Ginni Mahi?
How can I become a movie actor and singer?
How do I make it as a music artist, and how do I start producing music?
How does it feel to be a kid of a Bollywood superstar or singer?
What are your favorite Kpop groups/singers?
Do people like Parineeti Chopra's song "Maana ke Hum yaar Nahin"? What is the general opinion of actors who also sing? Does that make singers insecure?
How much work is involved in effectively doing your own music publishing? Is it feasible to get it done while actively working as a pro musician?
Why does Mark Ronson let other people sing, yet he is the one getting popular?
What are some good habits common in great musicians?
Will you smash or pass "Selena Gomez"? Why?
Why was the Beatle’s John Lennon approved for residency at the Dakota Building (NYC), when celebs like Cher, Madonna and Billy Joel were rejected?
When do singers typically discover that they have the capacity to sing countertenor parts?
Do lead singers generally earn more than other band members (excluding outside income like endorsements)?
Do you think Shirley Setia is a good singer?
Do music lovers seek out new artist?
How can I sing like Devin Townsend?
How popular are Polish singers worlwide?
Is Taylor Swift's net worth all hers or is that her brand's?
What do you not like about the attitudes of fellow musicians?
How much does Bollywood singer Mohammed Irfan charges for performing at a wedding?
What are some of the most common or notorious tricks that unscrupulous record labels use to take advantage of naive musicians?
What's it like to work with Bob Kagle?
Why does a deep C sound similar to a high C?
What musicians and songwriters died from drugs?
What artist has the most number one hits in country music?
Which is the best artist in French music nowadays?
Were Elvis and Priscilla related?
Are there anymore singers like Saloma in Malaysia?
Who is the female singer of the Beyhadh serial song Tujhe Pyaar Karate Karte?
Did Katy Perry's "Chained to the Rhythm" fell flat?
My voice is too loud for choir. How do I quiet down a bit so that my voice isn't overtaking the choir?
Was Michael Jackson a better performer than Prince and Elvis Presley?
How are World Cup singers chosen?
What do you think are the hardest things to play on an instrument?
How would you make money from musicians?
Which old singer does Himesh Reshammiya sound like the most?
How do I become a super singer in Vijay TV?
What is Selena Gomez’s best song?
Who are the singers in Nightcore?
Who do you like better, Ed Sheeran or Bruno Mars?
What are some good songs from Taylor Swift and Florida-Georgia Line?
How do I reach people to ask them to listen to my musical compositions?
Why are there no TV competitions for musicians?
In your opinion, what are the essential qualities a drummer needs in order to be a very good jazz drummer?
Dancers and musicians are not paid highly in India. Why?
As a classical musician, what are your thoughts on popular music/metal being played by an orchestra?
Is learning singing necessary to become a singer?
Is there any band who really needs a female singer and songwriter? I am Indian and don’t have much money. Is there any band who needs me?
How do electronic musicians compare to non-electronic musicians?
Who are the most influential guitarists?
How did Bad Bunny become the most famous singer trap and the best of the world in only six months?
How serious a farmer was Paul McCartney, and did he work on the farm himself?
How can I keep from singing?
How do I find people to play music with that are as artistic as I am?
Who is the rudest Bollywood singer of all-time?
How can I give better feedback to other artists?
Why do people choose artistic careers when they don't have the capabilities to be artists?
Does David Bowie watch us?
Why did recording artists start dropping albums instead of releasing them?
Was Michael Jackson a fan of Scientology?
Is there an online platform that connects music artist with brands?
When musicians like Justin Bieber do stupid things and get themselves arrested, does that hurt their careers in any way?
Do you know who the Beatles are?
How can I sing 4th octave notes in a chest voice without straining my voice for a male?
Who is Diya Ghosh?
What do people think of Justin Bieber’s Boyfriend video?
How do artists feel when their music is leaked by someone?
Who is the female background singer in Chris Brown's Wet the Bed?
How many lessons per week should an opera singer have?
What is the meaning of "singing to tiny dancer" in Ed Sheeran's song 'Castle on the Hill'?
Who are the best horn players?
Why do people think Jon Cotner is Elvis?
How can I effectively teach myself to sing really well?
What is the vocal range of Bollywood singer KK?
Why does Ariana Grande make most of her videos indoors with the same color lights and if she goes outdoors, it would be at night?
Does Taylor Swift have AIDS?
Who are some artists that produce music like The Chainsmokers and Zedd?
How was Paderewski as a politician?
There has been a lot of comedians who have become successful actors, but not so many musicians, why is that?
If you are a pretty good singer, can you sing any song, including ones from different genres? Can any good singer sing any type of song?
Which is your favourite Punjabi singer and why?
Which singer from the older generation does Shreya Ghoshal relate to?
How does the famous singer Leslie Cheung come across in America?
I have songs ready for radio. What do I do next?
Which version of the song 'Enchanted' is better according to you, the original by Taylor Swift or the one sung by Owl City’s singer, Adam young?
Who is the most polite Bollywood singer?
Which singer has the richest voice in India?
What is like to attend an Ed Sheeran concert?
Who was the artist who drew the lyric video for Maroon 5's "Payphone"?
Is there any website where I can find an indie singer who will sing a song I write?
Does Steve Perry (former lead singer of Journey) have any half-siblings?
Is Facebook on track to lose the interest of musicians by heavily limiting their reach to fans outside of ads?
Why are all the most famous opera singers tenors and sopranos?
Who is the richest Bollywood singer according to net worth?
Can a middle class Indian girl become a famous singer like Taylor Swift?
Who are the best Druze singers from Lebanon or elsewhere?
What country is the best country in the world in terms of the best musicians?
How do classical musicians prepare for an international competition if they don't have much time?
What genre is the song "It's Not Right but It's Okay" (Whitney Houston)?
Do you think recent music bands/artists are more computer dependent & not as hard working instrument players?
Between Bruno Mars and The Weeknd, who is more similar to Michael Jackson?
Is our generation the most creative in history? Why or why not?
How can I become a singer.I practice singing daily and many have said that I am good but dont know how to show my talent out?
Who can be regarded as the greatest American singer of all times: Michael Jackson or Elvis Presley?
What are some of the best Garhwali & Pahadi Songs sung by a Bollywood singer?
Who is the richest Bollywood male singer in accordance with net worth?
Do musical artists record the entire song, or just each part once and then loop repeated parts?
Is the Olivia Park in Katy Perry's "Chained To The Rhythm" real?
Why do you want to be a Musician?
What advice, as an successful musician, can you give me?
Are there any singers that have been judged as bad then become good at singing?
Are Hollywood musical movies sung by the actors or are they sung by other singers?
Was Kurt Cobain's death a critical factor for Nirvana's raise in popularity?
Why do so many aspiring singers turn into comedians?
Would Selena Gomez write a song for her fans?
Would John Lennon have done good in the 90s if he hadn't been murdered?
What is it like to be a musician whose music only ever gets played in department stores?
What music streaming sites are the key platforms that musicians should have an active presence on in 2017?
Before 2004, how many rappers came from middle- or upper-class families?
Who are the artists Ed Sheeran have collaborated with?
Who is the richest Bollywood singer?
What are some good tips for someone who wants to be a famous singer? Or at least have a good job as one?
How would a rap song performed by Yo Yo Honey Singh with Lata Mangeshkar sound like?
Do artists get scared that they could be shot on stage?
Is the singer Steve Winwood dead?
Who are the well-known Russian pop singers currently?
Are there any French singers who have performed live who are similar to Jacques Brel?
Who is most underrated singer in the industry?
Was Michael Jackson ever mean to anybody in his lifetime?
What are the singers with most perfect diction?
How important is YouTube as a platform for musicians? What are some tips for effectively marketing music on the site?
What is your current "earworm"?
What genre is saving all my love for you? (Whitney Houston)
What brain waves would be in use when a singer sings?
Will Paul McCartney ever let his hair go grey?
How do I go about becoming a professional jazz musician?
What are the laws surrounding Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan’s music?
Why did Irene Cara's career peter out after Flashdance?
Is Sean Lennon a good musician?
Can we sing musical notes in different order or tone?
Why do we have to wait until the year 2027 before we can see Elvis Presley's biopsy?
What is the role of bass singers in Russian music?
What is the music video that features a lot of roots and ropes that emerge from the floor and bind the musicians while they are playing?
What are some of the best singer/songwriter albums of the 90's?
Is there is any type of music study that will help me to become a singer?
Why can't James Hetfield sing like how he used to?
Which is the best astrological combination for becoming a singer?
Why is the talented musician John Moreland not more well known?
Why are some singers simply not famous?
How much does a trainee have to pay if he doesn't debut during his contract time, for example, JYP?
Is it permitted to host an musical event honoring a Jewish poet and singer on Rosh Hashanah?
What musical artists today will stand the test of time, like the Beatles or Elvis?
Was Michael Jackson a better performer than Prince and Elvis Presley?
What do you think are the hardest things to play on an instrument?
Is the face of Brazilian singer Fagner particularly manly?
Is it possible to work simultaneously as a designer, writer and musician in India? Will it pay enough?
How do I become a super singer in Vijay TV?
Who made the backing track in Beauty and the Beast with Ariana Grande and John Legend? And will there be released a better version with their voices?
How can drummers protect their ears?
What are some ideas for Instagram content for musicians when not touring or releasing music?
Why did Ilayaraja raise copyright issues and send notice to SP Balasubrahmanyam?
How can I stop trembling when singing?
What did Elvis Presley contribute?
Have you met a singer?
What's the best song of Justin Bieber?
Should Michael Jackson still be alive?
What is a good stage name for a female singer?
I want my boyfriend to try his career in singing. Where should I ask him to go in Delhi?
Is Yo Yo Honey Singh or Bohemia the best?
Michael Jackson is credited as the most successful artist of all time. If Phil Collins’s solo career was combined with his Genesis career, how would he compare?
Are people with ADHD better musicians?
Do people see Ariana Grande as a white woman?
Who is your favorite a cappella singer/vocal band and why?
Do Marine drill instructors make good singers?
Do you think that Adele is the only singer who does not sing totally naked although she does not have that much talent?
Did white artists steal rock and roll from African Americans?
How much money does a musician with a few million hits on Spotify make?
Who are some of the best-known printmaker artists?
Why do people like the group of artists which include, Melanie, Halsey, TØP, Troye, Lana, Marina, etc.?
Are there any singers with dramatic soprano voices in pop music?
Why are there so many brilliant impressions of The Beatles' music?
What album do you love, but, for whatever reason, only listen to once or twice a year?
What do you think of a relationship between Kurt Cobain and Lana Del Rey?
How serious a farmer was Paul McCartney, and did he work on the farm himself?
What rock music are you currently spinning?
How can I keep from singing?
Who is good-looking, Selena Gomez or Taylor Swift?
In which of these cities would a musician choose to live: Berlin/Leipzig, Montreal, Lisbon, Barcelona, Mexico City, Vilnius, or Bucharest?
Is Don Cheto a popular Spanish singer?
Should I go see Bob Dylan or Tool?
What program was in Doordarshan telecast on singing competition on regional languages. where singer has to sing other than his or her mother tongue?
Was Michael Jackson a fan of Scientology?
Who's the bigger star, Lennon or McCartney?
What makes people buy so many Elton John albums?
How much emotion do musicians in orchestras allow themselves to feel, when playing a really moving piece of music?
Is there an online platform that connects music artist with brands?
What if Meat Loaf had kept Jim Steinman and the whole 'Bat Out of Hell' musician lineup together? How would it have worked out?
How does Night Lovell edit his vocals?
What do people think of Justin Bieber’s Boyfriend video?
How many lessons per week should an opera singer have?
Who is your favorite composer and why?
Who is your favourite Bollywood Singer of all time?
Can a music composer claim copyrights to his music and prevent other singers from using his songs on their tour?
Why is my favourite singer Arijit Singh?
Who is your favorite Egyptian singer?
Who was the best singer in ABBA?
What do you say about Justin Bieber?
Did the Europeans stop cannibalism in China in 1900?
Some musicians are afraid to learn musical theory or even how to read music for fear it'll stifle their creativity. Is there a basis for their fears?
I've been trying to get a job in USA for 3 years now, yet unsuccessfully, what should I do?
Do you even think MJ was the best ever singer?
Are there too many singers in the world?
How was Paderewski as a politician?
What is the likelihood that someone could become a famous "rock star" now?
Did Elvis Presley die from constipation?
You can flip a switch that will wipe any band or musical artist off the earth. Who would you choose?
What do you think about music composer Ilaiyaraaja’s complaint that singers should get his permission while singing?
It has been said that Elvis Presley may have been of Melungeon descent. What are your thoughts on that?
When can I meet Ariana Grande?
Why is Elton John so successful?
Why do singers/bands/artists try to hide their unreleased songs through copyright?
What is something a musician has done that made you an instant fan?
Do any other musicians hear a song that's so good that it makes you want to stop making music?
How do you find the video for Bob Marley's Don't Worry Be Happy?
Who is the female singer in Fabrizio de Andre's song "Khorakhane"? Does she have anymore songs?
What will happen now to the Alexandrov Ensemble after most of its Musicians died?
How does the famous singer Leslie Cheung come across in America?
How do touring musicians keep a consistent haircut?
How can I become an EDM female singer?
Why don't we have good online guitar teachers like Justin Sandercoe or Marty Schwartz from India?
How can I learn to sing like a nightingale?
Who's legacy is more likely to live on longer, Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley ot Bob Marley?
What does it feel like to be backstage before a performance when you are a musician in an orchestra?
Who is the singer of the song "Behka Main Behka" from the Ghajini movie?
Who was the older sibling, Michael or Janet Jackson?
How can one become an ‘established’ songwriter?
Who is the best musician in Tamil?
Does Steve Perry (former lead singer of Journey) have any half-siblings?
Why are all the most famous opera singers tenors and sopranos?
Is Ilaiyaraaja right in asking for royalty from singers who sing his song for money?
Was Chuck Berry the first musician to create a primordial kind of version of fangirls and fanboys?
How do professional musicians learn to really groove along to a click track, rather than just play along like most musicians do?
Does the singer adjust singing speed to the band or vice versa?
How can I truly reach legendary status like Michael Jackson, Michael Jordan and Ali?
Will Ed Sheeran do another UK tour after his current 2017 one?
What are the best songs of AR Rahman as a singer?
What would be some advice for a person who wants to write their own manga/comics?
What shouldn’t I eat to become a good singer?
Who are some musicians similar to Rob Scallon?
Is it fine to sing and dance when I have the urge to?
What emotion does a David Bowie music arouse in you?
How do I stop singing tremolo?
What's one piece of music that is unexpectedly powerful?
Which modern musical pop artists, write their own music?
How do I sing a trill?
Is Taylor Swift the most beautiful singer in Hollywood?
Is the Olivia Park in Katy Perry's "Chained To The Rhythm" real?
Why is Jacob Sartorius known as a bad singer?
What happened to the app ‘Shots’ that Justin Bieber supported?
Is anyone working on their own album?
What is the name of those notebooks which musicians play the songs by looking at them?
Do you think that Adele will soon die of obesity (early 2016)?
Who are your favorite YouTube cover singers?
Who is your favorite African singer?
How do you start off as a musician/vocalist in Delhi NCR?
Why do some musical artists spend a lot of money on some music videos while others don't?
If you could have a song written specifically for you by any musical artist, whom would you choose to write it?
Would independent musicians pay for a DIY tour-booking coach to help them book shows?
Could you introduce some artists like Nanci Griffith or Emmylou Harris?
Why Indian singer earns less?
How do normal people get into the music industry?
Who are the top ten most beautiful Bollywood female playback singers?
Have you ever met Taylor Swift? What was she like?
Is the YouTube sensation singer Shirley Setia an NRI/OCI Assamese?
Why do people like/follow certain singers/bands?
What are the best weight gain products for females?
What are some good tips for someone who wants to be a famous singer? Or at least have a good job as one?
Can someone with an average voice become a singer?
Is the singer Steve Winwood dead?
Who is most underrated singer in the industry?
I am a singer and am planning to settle down in Shimla. Is it a good idea?
Was Michael Jackson ever mean to anybody in his lifetime?
Where is the best place to meet musicians in Minnesota, USA?
Can an Indian be a Hollywood singer?
What are some other songs like Slow Dancing in the Burning Room?
Why do most of the songs by the Chainsmokers have a singer featured in them?
What happened to singer Balaji Shankar?
Which artists from this decade will stand the test of time?
What do classical musicians think of Boards of Canada?
Who is your favourite musician or band who play(s) a genre of music you don't normally listen to?
Who is the singer of the song in the video?
Would you rather be a musician or a tech CEO?
Will Paul McCartney ever let his hair go grey?
Why do people find Lana Del Rey odd/creepy?
What notes are played in the violin roll in A. R. Rahman’s Masakali?
What is the saddest song by Ed Sheeran?
Does a band/musician receive money every time one of their songs is played on Pandora/Amazon music/Spotify, etc.?
What are the things that a debut music director should know about music?
Is it worth it to go to an Ariana Grande concert these days?
Is Taylor Swift a beautiful singer in Hollywood?
Why do you like singing?
Is Ariana Grande mean?
How many times does an artists' music need to be streamed before it would equal what the artist would make by selling one album?
Is there is any type of music study that will help me to become a singer?
What is your favorite song to play on a guitar whether it is on electric, acoustic, classical, or bass?
Is learning to sing expensive?
What was so abusive about the relationship between Blake Fielder and Amy Winehouse?
Who are the lesser known singers of Bollywood that have immense singing talent?
Is Robert Plant a good singer?
Which role do you think Ed Sheeran will play on GoT season 7?
What are some keys in singing lessons?
Why aren't Indian independent singers given a proper chance to flourish in international music?
Who is the richest artist of our time?
How can I find the background musics in this type?
Do electronic music artists hate playing their old stuff?
Who has met Taylor Swift (tell me about the experience)?
What is the name for a musician who plays Nadaswaram?
What are the requirements to work as a music artist in TVF? I’m board aspirant right now.
Did Michael Jackson sing to people over the phone?
Is it really hard to make it as an established singer in Bollywood?
Why did Michael Jackson look so creepy after his surgery?
How long should you practice to be a professional guitarist?
Are there any college a cappella groups in Chennai?
Who is attending Justin Bieber's concert in India on March?
Who are some of the best vocalists alive?
What do Turks and Azerbaijanis think of Philipp Kirkorov?
How did Canadian musician and international record producer Bruce Fairbairn die?
Who is your least favourite musician/group?
How did psychedelic music influence the development of musical structure?
Why does the English version of Enrique's Bailando have fewer views than the Español version?
As an independent musician, what are some of your greatest struggles?
Who sings Gizmos Day Off, Let's Do It Again?
Are music artists normally surprised by which of their songs are more popular than their others?
Who are the top ten full Gospel artists of today?
How old do you have to be to be a classic rock singer?
What transportation do bands use on tour?
What are the best apps for discovering new musicians?
Did Steve Perry take singing lessons?
Do musicians think differently?
After years of singing, I'll soon be a vocal-music major in high school. How can I pursue my goal to become a professional singer, after I graduate?
Did Justin Bieber steal Ed Sheeran's song “Love Yourself”?
Really, how difficult is it to sing well? Explain it to me like I’m five years old.
Has Lisa Ono ever sung rock?
Why isn't Bradley Nowell as widely recognized as Kurt Cobain?
As a musician, how important is it to go back and listen to older music?
Why aren’t legendary singers like Kumar Sanu and Udit Narayan singing nowadays?
How well known is the singer Bahaa Al Yousef in Syria?
How can I assess myself on the violin and strengthen my weak points?
Is it possible to electronically sample the work of a singer and generate new songs in that singers voice and style?
How do I switch into falsetto as a male singer?
What are some of the downsides to the reality of being a session musician?
How do I stop singing all the time?
What is Matthew Bellamy like, as a person?
Who would you consider to be the best drummer of all time?
Which musician was kind of sad they didn't get to be a part of the Traveling Wilburys?
Is MJ the best all time pop singer?
What is the relationship between Quora's Richard White and the singer from the original Disney Beauty and the Beast?
What is it like to work with selena gomez?
Who is the best singer nowadays in Hindi film?
Why does Arijit Singh get all the best male singer awards and not Atif Aslam?
How do I be a good male singer I am not horrible in singing?
How did Michael Jackson used his falsetto?
If someone called Trump Justin Bieber, who would it be an insult to?
What are some Chinese pop songs & singers that incorporate Soviet/Russian musical style?
Can a singer be a bass, baritone, tenor, alto, mezzo-soprano, and soprano when their range is E2-D6 by changing their vocal color and weight?
Why don't music singles come with instrumentals anymore?
Do you believe that if rappers don't write their own songs, they’re not really talented?
Did David Bowie ever have a crush on Mick Ronson?
Is Snapchat a relevant or important platform for promotion for musicians?
Are there any good musical artists to get permission from?
What type of music do you like and who are your favourite artists?
Have you ever fallen back in love with a musical instrument after you switched to something else?
Who is the best singer with raspy voice for you?
What are the reasons that made you choose Soundcloud over Bandcamp, or vice versa, to publish your music?
What do you think of Snoop Dogg's new song in which he murders President Donald Trump?
What would the kid of Katy Perry and Justin Bieber look like?
How do I get in touch with professional singers, producers, and DJs, etc.?
What is the name for a musician?
Are there any musicians who hate the majority/all of their own music?
Is anyone buying Justin Bieber’s new humble facade?
What are some ways successful musicians deal with anxiety and pressure when put in the hot seat in the recording studio while the clock is ticking?
If you have a record deal, are you allowed to sing on someone's album for free?
Is there anybody who would be able to make me a rap beat? I want it to have an angry and sad emotional vibe.
Is Brent Smith of Shinedown a good singer?
How much money does Justin Bieber charge to take a selfie with him?
Should I quit singing?
Now that music sales are down, how can musicians who play original music find new income streams?
Where is Yo Yo Honey Singh nowadays? Why did he disappear from the industry? Is there any chance that he will make a comeback?
Why do so many pro bands get hired guns to replace departed longtime members instead of finding new permanent, full band members?
What are the best techniques to be able to sing riffs and runs?
How did psychedelic music influence the development of recording studio techniques?
What are different ways to practice singing for better voice?
Who were more versatile, Kishore Kumar and Rafi or Elvis Presley and Freddie Mercury?
What singer has the brightest future?
Is New Orleans a good place to be a musician?
What is the furthest you can go with Ed Sheeran’s influence?
How do pro musicians work out which musical contributions are considered "songwriting" in a legal sense and which are just accompanying parts?
Who are the top 20 black British soul singers of all time?
Why do so many venues try to get musicians to play for free while being willing to pay everyone else who works for the business?
What do you think of the way Ed Sheeran released his new album (Divide)?
How many times did Michael Jackson have surgery?
Why do we tend to sing while bathing?
How did the Beatles contribute to and influence the music industry? What impact did they have socially and commercially?
What was the music style in the 1980s like? Were there influential artists?
Can you create the greatest supergroup in heaven or on Earth using only dead rock musicians?
Who are some famous music artists present in Quora?
Does off-key and off-pitch mean the same thing in singing?
Does someone's dog react to listening to Ben Howard's Old Pine?
Did the quality of Paul McCartney and John Lennon’s songwriting drop after the breakup of The Beatles?
Is Bun E. Carlos a good drummer?
Does anyone still listen to Johnny Cash?
How do top level performing musicians do intense two and three hour sets night after night without being taken out of commission by injuries?
How do you motivate a vocalist girlfriend?
What does it mean to be a track singer?
I love Canada just because of Justin Bieber, is this ok?
How do I increase my talent in singing by myself?
What countries don't like the Beatles?
Name some Bollywood singers who are not trained professionally but are still successful in singing any type of songs in Bollywood.
Is Ed Sheeran a white nationalist?
Is Steve Perry coming out with a new album?
What do the singers in Bollywood today lack that Kishore Da, Lata Mangeshkar, Rafi Saab, and others had?
What singer or musical group has (or had) the largest (or a very large) road crew?
How important is being able to sight-read music if you want to work professionally as a musician?
Will there be another band like The Beatles?
Why do we prefer to sing aloud rather than sing in our heads?
Why do musicians need record labels?
Who is your favourite pop singer all time?
Who is Richard Muller’s favourite singer?
Is everyone in the music industry on drugs?
Is 'Shape of You' by Ed Sheeran's best song to date?
I want to meet some musicians in Ahmedabad. Where should I go for that? Whom should I meet?
What is your favorite song from a band, artist you generally dislike?
What are some easy songs by bands/artists who usually produce complicated songs?
Why are some of the most famous singers not on vevo?
Are there any professional musicians and sound mixers on Quora?
How old do you have to be to be a country singer?
How do I become a great Indian classical singer like Sonu Nigam?
How do smart bands and musicians use Snapchat to keep fans engaged?
Is it possible to learn how to sing as good as singers without natural talent?
Why are movie stars and musicians so much more political than in the past?
What are the the recommended English artists and bands since 2010?
Why would Kurt Cobain kill himself since he loved his daughter so much?
Does anyone think that Justin Bieber's dad is a thug as he only came to JB when he got famous?
Why do some singers put their mouths right onto the microphone when others keep some distance?
Do playback singers change voice according to the actor?
What genre is Paco de Lucía's "Entre dos aguas"?
How can I draw more creatives (writers, artists, musicians etc.) into my new business for free?
Where can I get the original milk fic?
Who do you think is the sexiest, cutest, & best artist out of the late Michael Jackson or the late Prince Nelson?
What is the best way to go about pitching to other artists to become an established song writer?
Are artists and musicians important to a society?
What are the bands similar to Berroguetto?
Have you seen this frank interview by Ed Sheeran about his journey to stardom?
Who would you want to have lunch with if you had the chance to talk to any singer, actor, or actress, and why?
What is a great drummer player?
What do you think of György Cziffra as a pianist?
Who is your singer?
Can Shirley Setia really sing?
Are EDM musicians from small towns doomed?
What do Indians think about Punjabi songs and singers?
Who are some country singers like Cole Swindell?
What are some ways to build a singing career?
How do I make best use of my voice?
Why should I like The Beatles?
Who are Quora's top classical musicians?
What does taking the front panel of an upright piano do to it in terms of durability?
What is it called when a singer songs another person's song?
How much censorship do Hong Kong musicians face?
Why won't U2 or Bruce Springsteen tour in Asia?
What if Taylor Swift suddenly swapped places with Paul the Apostle?
Can someone who isn't a natural born singer train themselves to sing well?
Is Lana Del Rey depressing?
What percentage of songs do you know by your favourite musician?
Are there any famous musicians from Alabama?
Which famous singers tend to sing flat?
How can I look more like Justin Bieber?
Who is a better idol, Justin Bieber or Shawn Mendes? Why?
Why did Justin Bieber egg his neighbours house?
As a musician, how can I create a brand while staying true to myself?
How do musicians make money off YouTube?
What is the best time for riyaz (singing practice) singing?
Who is the singer Zadye Wolf?
Who was your favorite Eagle (mine was Glen Frye)?
Why did Bob Marley reject his white British heritage and become staunchly pro-black?
How good can I become at singing with lessons and practice if I cannot sing in tune today?
What do classical and jazz musicians think of progressive rock?
Do you know of a Chinese singer who sings the Bossanova way, someone like 家家 , with an R&B or jazzy style?
Who are your favorite artists among Michael Jackson, Prince Nelson, Whitney Houston, Luther Vandross and Stevie Wonder?
Why is it that most male pop singers are tenors (a rare voice type), but most female pop singers are mezzo-sopranos (a common voice type)?
How can I learn to act and sing?
What should I do if I want to sing in a band but I have no access to any of them?
Would Yossele Rosenblatt have been the best opera singer of all time if he had tried?
EDM producers: how do you approach reverb?
What’s the floor processor/looper model that Ed Sheeran used in his performance during the 59th Grammy Awards?
Who are the most popular Japanese music artists and bands in China?
What is your least favourite song by your favourite musician?
Can I become a great pianist with only determination?
Why do I like Justin Bieber?
What do singers do when they get sick and cannot perform?
What time should a person practice singing the most?
Why did Kurt Cobain like low-end guitars?
Where is Singer KK next live concert?
Where can I find sheet music for "Michael in the bathroom" from the musical "Be more chill"?
Who is the best vocalist between BTS and EXO?
How should I practice to become sound singer at the age of 25 ?
How much do record labels consider talent when signing new musicians?
Is it late to become a good opera singer?
What is the relationship between Elton John and Michael Jackson?
What's the truth behind Justin Bieber?
What does everyone think is the most underrated Elvis Presley song?
Why do Ed Sheeran's albums have such strange titles?
Can a non gifted singer become a great one with practice?
Who is hip-hop's greatest producer?
How long can Arijith Singh maintain his supremacy or demand over other singers?
Who is the best Justin Bieber or Harry Styles?
Why does everybody say Justin Bieber is gay?
Where was David Gold (lead vocalist of Woods of Ypres) buried?
If filmmakers can change their genre and writers can change their field, then why can’t musicians change their sound?
What is a band/artist in the same style of the Smiths?
Why do many people like David Bowie so much?
Do you know Chinese musician Li Jian? What do you think of him?
What are some platforms like WordPress where a writer can create his/her own profile for poetry writing?
Which is the better singer out of Madonna, Lady Gaga and Shakira?
If a person sings English songs well and has a desire to be a Hollywood singer, what are the opportunities for him/her?
Why are artists/singers/actors admired more than entrepreneurs?
How can Taylor Swift recover her public image after her bad press last summer?
I am 21 and I want to be a music artist. Is it too late for me to really make a breakthrough in music industry?
Is it possible to learn classical music at the age of 25, to become a singer?
Is Taylor Swift a good role model?
Is a 'good singer' only defined by whether they can hit the right notes?
What is the sad thing about anime that makes you feel sorry for other people?
How did the lead singer of A Perfect Circle join the band?
What is your opinion on Ski Mask the Slump God (rapper)?
Why is Ahmet Kaya still one of Turkey’s most hated singers?
I love singing a lot, but I have problems with high notes. What do I do?
What do people say about Warner Music Artist Services?
What is the best way to improve my skills as a musician?
What are some of the most famous Albanian singers?
What songs would you recommend from your country?
How can I know how well I sing?
What do you think of the production and content of this song?
How is David Bowie’s family doing today?
What is Michael Jackson’s best song?
Has anyone been to Ariana Grande's Dangerous Woman Concert? Was it worth it?
Why are almost all songs of A Perfect Circle composed by their lead singer?
Was Katy Perry always a little miss perfect girl?
Would you join a social network for, but not restricted to "artistic" people?
How can one date ariana Grande?
Would you rather be the world's 1000th best guitarist, 500th best pianist, 100th best saxophonist, or 50th best cellist?
Which is your favourite music band right now?
Songs with a similar sound to Simply Three’s cover of “Take me to Church”?
Why don't American singers like Taylor Swift perform in India?
How did Jay Z rise from being a musician to a businessman and become one of the corporate moguls?
How has Bjork been so successful yet remain authentic?
What is Lana Del Rey's song, "Radio" about?
What does it take to become a powerhouse singer?
Is the singer Billy Joel dead?
What is the biggest range possible for a female vocalist? What is the vocal range for a "spinto" voice type?
What were the factors that lead to the success of The Beatles?
Is Paul McCartney still playing live just to please the fans?
How do you make electroacoustic music?
Who do you think was a better Misfit singer? Danzig, Graves, or Jerry Only?
Is it hypocritical of Ariana Grande to criticize fans for objectifying her, despite the fact she released a song called "Side to Side"?
How can I learn to sing well?
Who is best classical singer in India?
Would you rather be a great musician, athlete, scientist, artist, politician, or writer?
Who is your favorite jazz musician?
Is the singer Susan Jackson popular in the US?
Is Ivan moody still lead singer for ffdp?
How much money do street musicians make?
How is Ed Sheeran's album Divide?
In what Asian countries is avant-garde music widely appreciated?
Who is the better artist - Beyonce or Adam Levine?
What type of guitar would you choose to get?
What is the name of a Bollywood singer or a decent band for a college festival within 1 Lakh?
Where did Yo Yo Honey Singh and others like him get started?
Who's your favourite singer right now?
Do Ethiopian music recordings use Autotune, or do singers of that tradition and style naturally have the ability to jump from one note to another?
How better can you get at singing if you practice?
What are the best artists/albums/songs of the Anatolian Rock era?
Which side are you on in Remy Ma vs. Nicki Minaj beef?
What should I wear for a Justin Bieber concert in summer?
Did David Bowie really hate Angie Bowie?
How would you evaluate Karen Carpenter as a drummer? Is she anywhere in the 100-greatest-drummers zone or just an "ok drummer"?
How come I sing better without music than with it?
Why are lower sounds considered more "powerful" in music, voices…?
Is musical or artistic talent genetic, or is it a learned ability?
How hard is a musician or a DJ's life? Also financial wise?
What is the name of the guy driving the car in the Blue Oyster cult video I'm burning for you?
Who is the leading artist in classical music, Rahul Deshpande or Dr Bharat Belavalli?
How do I recruit a vocalist for a band?
Who are some "bad" singers who produced high quality songs?
What will happen if Justin Bieber comes to Quora?
Does singing a few cents off matter?
What artists are considered "post-hop"?
What does Justin Bieber want for his 23rd birthday?
Why is Justin Bieber such a hated personality?
How can I hire a talented person that have links with the dancers, singers, painters etc.?
Are there any volunteer abroad programmes for classical musicians?
Did successful musicians start out at their homes they grew up in or did they work their way into a studio of some sort?
Is Enya better than Madonna and Mark fish?
What are some things that musicians understand that non-musicians don't?
How would you describe Mary J Blige as a singer? What type of voice does she have?
Who was your first singer crush?
How do I pursue my career in music?
Is Taylor Swift skinny?
How come successful veteran singers don't peak in the charts anymore?
How do all of the actors and singers have such great teeth?
What is the opportunity for a soldier to become a famous singer? I think I have the talent to be a singer.
Who is your favorite Indian singer? Tell me at least 5 songs from that singer you like?
Is it possible, using software, to have a choir-like effect singing particular words in music, while actually there is only one vocalist?
What do you think about ed sheeran's new album DIVIDE?
How much is Jazz music popular in India?
Who are the richest singers in India?
Which musician in Africa would you love to do a song with?
Why do singers seem to get the most attention out of everyone in a band?
What instruments are featured in I Don't Wanna live Forever by Zayn and Taylor Swift?
Is Slipknot as popular as it used to be back in 2000-2010?
Should I marry a person, who is willing to support my musical journey but is not much interested in music or my singing?
Who is the most famous singer in the world?
Have you listened to "I Don't Wanna Live Forever' by ZAYN and Taylor Swift? If so, what do you picture when its playing?
Why is Whitney Houston said to be "The Voice" what makes her voice different from any other artist? What is her vocal analogy etc?
Where was the piano or violin invented? How did musicians of other countries/cultures react when they heard them being played for the first time?
Do street musicians get taxed?
Which guitar does Ed Sheeran plays in his videos?
What do pianists think is the hardest piece?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Why do certain artists demean the essence of sex in music?
Why do few people aspire to major in music, even though well-established musicians earn a pretty big income?
Why is the singer in Marco Polo season 2, episode 6 singing in Spanish?
Why do you think Taylor Swift has not settled down?
Why is it that backing singers are mostly black?
Which modern singers have the best tenor voice?
What truly makes a band able to succeed, musically? What is behind the rise to fame?
How does one become a musician in Kenya without the money to invest in it?
How come singing in a cappella improves overall singing skills?
What is the most essential skill for a musician and how to improve it?
What is the best way to find local musicians willing to start a band?
If you were John Lennon, what are some things you would have done differently?
Should I focus on composing instrumental music instead, if my voice isn't good enough to match the vocal part of my compositions?
Do Noise artists know something about music theory?
So let's be honest. Is there any way Michael Jackson is the biological father of Paris, Blanket and Prince?
What are some instrumental songs based on electric guitar?
Was the musician Old Dirty Bastard really dirty?
How do I go about building a team for a music artist in terms of all business aspects?
Why do some operas have male roles written for female singers?
Who are the lyricists and musicians in the Babul Ki Duayen Leti Ja song?
Why was Milli Vanilli's career ruined just because it wasn’t their own voices singing?
What do Barbadians think about Rihanna?
Why do the general public hate certain musicians (e.g Nickelback, Bieber, Chainsmokers..)? What's the reason and what is the appeal in that?
How do I get into music college as a self-taught musician?
Who is the best unknown singer in India?
How can I sing better than Justin Bieber?
Is Billy Joel considered a classic rock artist?
What is the best way to help musicians earn money (buy CDs, Spotify and other streaming sites, concerts)?
What is the best tablet for performing musicians?
Do musicians need to be highly sociable?
Did Sandeep Das deserve a Grammy in the world music category?
Can I become a mainstream artist if I'm a baritone/bass?
What synthesizers were used for Michael Jackson's Bad (1987) album?
Is there a way to measure how slow or fast a singer sings?
What does it take to become a student at the royal music college as an opera singer?
Does David bowie know all his fans in the world?
Do you know someone who went from bad to good singer in a short amount of time, and how he did it?
How would you describe Whitney Houston as a singer? What type of voice does she have?
Can crying for hours daily improve your singing voice?
How do go in Bollywood as a musician?
How many Indians love Michael Jackson?
Why do some musicians tune their instruments to 432Hz? Is there any legitimate benefit to it?
Why are all national anthems seem so depressing, why can't can't they make it happy and cheerful?
Who are some good reggae artists for someone new to the genre?
What did Michael Jackson think of big people?
What is the minimum size an ensemble would be for a conductor to be required, or at least helpful?
How do I Get Tickets for Justin Bieber Australia tour 2017?
How can I learn to sing like a Turkish singer?
Are there really some people who cannot sing, or can everyone learn to sing?
Who is the best musician in popular music?
How do I become a professional singer in India?
Who killed Selena?
What 20th/21st century musicians have been considered geniuses?
Which song of Lana Del Rey you like more?
Did Madonna excommunicate herself latae sententiae?
For people who were there, what was Nirvana like live? Or Kurt Cobain in person?
Why does Ringo Starr 'brush' the hi-hat?
Would you have enjoyed conversing with Kurt Cobain?
Who do you think is a better singer, Diljit Dosanjh or Armaan mallik? Don't consider looks or any other aspects.
What type of people are spending 50,000 to 75,000 on Justin Bieber’s "Purpose World Tour" concert in Mumbai?
How do I sing in Tirupathi?
How did Jimi Hendrix made the unique effects of his guitar?
What are the most embarrassing/funny stories musicians have about gigs you've performed?
Why do musicians have laptops while performing on stage?
Why do playback singers cover their ears while singing?
Who is going alone to the Justin Bieber Concert in India?
I am the lead singer in a band but I can't write songs, and I feel bad for singing lyrics that aren't mine, how can I write good lyrics?
Do Indian singers even use auto tune?
Who is your favourite British singer and why?
Did Kurt Cobain hate his fans?
Would you want a website to get feedback on your music playing?
What do I have to do to make it in the music industry (as a band/song writer)?
What is everyone's favourite Elvis Presley song?
Why are the voices of country singers similar?
Is Beyonce a singer or a performer?
How do you get yourself searched on Google as a musician?
How do I move to LA or NY from another country to become professional musician without college degree?
How much money do Martin garrix make per annum as he do nearly 150 shows per annum?
Can singers smoke?
Do all great musicians (at some point) like the Grateful Dead?
Where have the best funk musicians come from?
How should I approach starting a band, and how should I recruit new members?
Why Adam Levine does not want to be solo singer rather than becoming Maroon 5's singer?
Which rock singer are good at belting?
How much money do you think Justin Bieber generates?
Why do people think listening to female singers makes a boy (me) gay?
Why does it seem like there are so many "musicians" who have little to no talent at this time, but are extremely successful?
Do you like more Sia or Adele?
As an artist, Is it better to release a new song and a music video at the same time? Or a song first and then a music video later?
How is Justin Bieber changing the world?
What are the best software programs for improving aural skills and sightsinging?
Can we replace the voice of a singer in a musical track with the voice of another singer using present-day AI technologies?
If Elvis Presley and Johnny Cash were cars, what would they be?
Why do you look like a young Justin Bieber?
Are Justin Beiber and Nicki Manaj already became living legends or it will take more time?
Do you guys think Taylor Swift is a Puma girl?
How many grandchildren and greatgrandchildren does Ravi Shankar, musician has?
Are singers like Yo Yo Honey Singh and Badshah overrated in India?
What is it like to own and run a guitar/music shop?
How can you make your singing better?
Who are the top five rock artists?
Is Paul McCartney proud of the fact that he is British?
Can LMMS support Overloud TH2 VST?
What is the Michael Jackson music video that you (fans only) dislike most?
How I can become a good musician?
Why don’t some famous singers do a concert and sing every day for their fans? I'm just curious.
Which is the best University of California school for becoming an English singer?
Do I need to study music courses or theories to become a successful musician?
Why did Michael Jackson really die?
So if I wanted to become an actor or musician, would I have to sell my soul?
Will a third Michael Jackson Posthumous Album be released?
Who's the better artist; Whitney Houston or Sade?
As a musician, do you feel that having your music on Spotify or similar services is worth it in terms of compensation vs exposure?
Which singer from the older generation does Sukhwinder Singh relate to the most?
Would Taylor Swift make a great Bachelorette? Why or why not?
Would Johnny Cash be one of the top 5 best classic country singers?
Why have some prominent musicians stopped producing albums in favour of singles? What does it say about the music industry at large?
To a musician looking to make it big what advice would you give?
What are other singers/bands that sing about sex and love so sensually like Darren Hayes?
Is it nice for people to assume that mainstream singers are talentless?
Do you know anyone who would help promote talented young musicians?
How can I get my music to huge mainstream artists?
What might be an appropriate fee for the distribution rights to a 90 minute music documentary feature starring famous musicians?
What makes Lana Del Rey attractive?
Is the singer Johnny Cash still alive?
Which young singers from Bollywood do you like?
How can I be mobile musician with my heavy equipment?
What is the best Indiegogo or Kickstarter marketing agency that specialize in music artist?
Who was the best singer in the group Highway Men? Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings or the other 2 guys?
How do musicians decide what instrument they want to play?
Would Stromae be more famous if he would sing in English?
If you become a top singer a Bollywood how much money can you earn for singing a song in a movie?
What is Lana Del Rey like in person?
Did guitarists in the 1940s tend to stand still while they performed?
What did the female singer of Fleetwood Mac think about Stevie Nicks joining the band?
Were there any girly bands or musicians in the 60s and 70s?
Who are some of the all time great playback singers in Malayalam, who are not know to the present day generation?
What's the message in Katy Perry's new single "Chained to the Rhythm"?
Why are music artists given a cash advance?
Does LMMS work with TH2 and ASIO4ALL?
Why do I tear up when I sing?
Did Michael Jackson ever make fun of big people?
I've noticed when Justin Bieber sings live he uses this auto tune filter on his microphone but it sounds very natural. What product could this be?
In another ten years will Michael Jackson be remembered as a musical genius or the headline maker?
Is belting while singing bad for you?
Is Neil Diamond good and real music? Why or why not?
What separates average joes from celebrity musicians?
If a kid wants to a be a celebrity musician and plays music hours a day, what should he do?
How should a beginner Musician promote his single tracks when he is poor?
What musical artist is similar to thundercat?
Does streaming hurt musicians?
Why do some musicians tour with dummy gear?
Who is currently the world's greatest singer and to which country does he/she belong?
Do artists have to be claimed by VEVO if they want to release their music on there?
Any famous artist/group who uses Reaper to record?
Where is Justin Bieber's concert in Mumbai?
As a jazz player, what do you think the difference would be between playing with a good drummer, or a real great like Elvin, Gadd or Dejohnette?
Is reni a good drummer?
Is learning to sing expensive?
Can crying for hours daily improve your singing voice?
When is Marilyn Manson on Salem?
Historically, why have many painters become famous after death, but musicians usually don’t?
Do many working professional musicians who completed music degrees find that doing the course was worth it in terms of helping their career?
Why does it usually take a musician many years to reach a high level of proficiency on their instrument?
How did Jay Z rise from being a musician to a businessman and become one of the corporate moguls?
Does the number of songs that a musician can play on a guitar matter?
Is Robert Plant a good singer?
Is the singer Billy Joel dead?
Is there any politics in our Bollywood music for singers?
What does a musician intend by saying, "I dedicate this song to…," during a performance?
What's the best way in your opinion to become a famous singer?
How do jazz musicians make a living in Amsterdam?
What is the name for a musician who plays Nadaswaram?
Is Justin Bieber a male or female?
Which singer do you like better, Pink or Lana Del Rey and why? What are their best songs?
Do fans like it when their favourite band blows up?
As a musician, do you enjoy the road?
Why is Halsey such a good singer? I'm so obsessed with colors.
Who is your singer?
What male singers or actors have a high male fan base?
Is Amy Jackson related to Michael Jackson?
How extensive was Michael Jackson's transformation on his body?
Are there any college a cappella groups in Chennai?
Why did acclaimed singer Milan Singh got lost from the limelight?
Is Victoria Justice nicer than Ariana Grande in real life?
What if Lady Gaga ran for president?
Why do Pakistani musicians sing an infidel's verse?
What musician said that the beginning of a piece should be like crushing a ripe strawberry?
Why is Selena Gomez so overrated? Yes, she is nice, but is she actually a good singer?
How much money do street musicians make?
How do men sing higher with an open throat that fills the room with more power (e.g., Michael Jackson, Freddie Mercury, Stevie Wonder) without falsetto?
Who are some famous musicians who sing, but aren't very "good"?
Why do people like the group of artists which include, Melanie, Halsey, TØP, Troye, Lana, Marina, etc.?
Do all Martin N 20 guitars sound the same? Are there other musicians that use a Martin N 20 that sound like Trigger?
Is learning singing necessary to become a singer?
Who do you think are the best African musicians?
What transportation do bands use on tour?
Does David Bowie watch us and know we love him and know who his fans are now?
Did Noel Redding or Mitch Mitchell write any songs for the Jimi Hendrix Experience?
Who is your favourite: Alan Walker or Justin Bieber?
I’m from Taiwan. Can I be a singer in the US?
How better can you get at singing if you practice?
What are the best artists/albums/songs of the Anatolian Rock era?
Who was your favourite singer or band in school?
What are the most embarrassing/funny stories musicians have about gigs you've performed?
What are some great tips to start a garage band?
What types of things did Michael Jackson not like?
How important is it for a musician’s skill development to spend time transcribing?
How can I invite Ed Sheeran to perform at my college?
What is squillo in classical singing?
Was Michael Jackson a fan of Scientology?
Did Kurt Cobain hate his fans?
How can I become an internationally popular singer like Justin Bieber?
How can one learn to sing without listening to others sing?
What will happen if Justin Bieber comes to Quora?
What do people think of Justin Bieber’s Boyfriend video?
What are some of the downsides to the reality of being a session musician?
Is there any Platform/Event for Musicians/Bands to show their talents to local music lovers in Pune?
Who is the singer of the Swaragini title song?
What record labels would you prefer if you were a musician or singer?
How should an individual go about working in the music industry?
What type of singer is Bradley Simpsons from The Vamps?
What if Elvis Presley joined The Beatles?
Is Eddie Vedder an English ghazal singer?
Who is the best singer nowadays in Hindi film?
Why does Arijit Singh get all the best male singer awards and not Atif Aslam?
Some musicians are afraid to learn musical theory or even how to read music for fear it'll stifle their creativity. Is there a basis for their fears?
Who are your favourite grime artists?
Who is Big Buji?
Why are some people naturally good at singing?
What is the best time for riyaz (singing practice) singing?
Which international music artists will be coming to India in 2017?
How can I sing like Lady Gaga?
What are the best software programs for improving aural skills and sightsinging?
What does Britney Spears sound like pre-production and without autotune? Is she a good singer?
Are there any secret tips for singers who want to get into a certain mindset, in order to prepare to sing?
If you are a pretty good singer, can you sing any song, including ones from different genres? Can any good singer sing any type of song?
How many records did the Beatles sell by 1970?
How big a choir could you theoretically have before the music gets out of sync because of the time it takes sound to travel from the farthest singers?
What are the reasons that made you choose Soundcloud over Bandcamp, or vice versa, to publish your music?
Does Ato Mariano repeat his music?
How do I get in touch with professional singers, producers, and DJs, etc.?
Is Ed Sheeran’s ‘Castle on the Hill’ easy to sing for beginners?
Why was and is Michael Jackson famous?
Why is it the case that musicians have a tough life in terms of social acceptance?
How would an artist releasing music anonymously promote their music?
What is the etiquette of emptying a spit valve?
Can I become a good singer if I start training after high school?
Which singer has the richest voice in India?
How do I get an awesome voice (like Ed Sheeran or John Legend)?
What if I'm in an IIT and decide to become a singer when I'm 20? Is that possible?
Is it possible, using software, to have a choir-like effect singing particular words in music, while actually there is only one vocalist?
Which is the best University of California school for becoming an English singer?
Is “Weird Al” Yankovic a good singer in your opinion?
How much of an influence do musicians from the 50's to 80's have today?
I’m a student with a unique talent for reverse singing. How can I expose it to the world?
Will a third Michael Jackson Posthumous Album be released?
How did psychedelic music influence the development of recording studio techniques?
Should I marry a person, who is willing to support my musical journey but is not much interested in music or my singing?
What has been your experience with adjusting to dentures as a trained singer?
Which K-pop band or singer do you like the least and why?
What would be some advice for a person who wants to write their own manga/comics?
How can I become a singer.I practice singing daily and many have said that I am good but dont know how to show my talent out?
Can you create the greatest supergroup in heaven or on Earth using only dead rock musicians?
I want to read all interviews that Taylor Swift has done, where should I look for it on the web?
How much will Justin Bieber earn from his tour to India?
What genre does Yiruma fall into?
Is Passenger aka Mike Rosenberg a good and soulful singer?
Why will the music industry not recognise Skylar Grey?
How come singing in a cappella improves overall singing skills?
What did The Beatles think of each other's music?
Who are some acoustic singers with soft voices/music?
How is the music of solo artists different from that of bands?
What profession could I do for a living by quitting being a jazz musician?
Why Indian singer earns less?
I love Canada just because of Justin Bieber, is this ok?
What decade of music do you think is most easily identifiable just from listening to it?
Why are artists/singers/actors admired more than entrepreneurs?
Does Stephen Fleming look like Enrique Iglesias?
How was the Justin Bieber Purpose May 10 tour in India? I heard it was pretty dull.
Are there any other musicians like AR Rahman who produce great music consistently?
Who is currently the best living Blues musician?
In another ten years will Michael Jackson be remembered as a musical genius or the headline maker?
What are some lifehacks that every musicians should know?
Do you think if Kurt Cobain was alive, Nirvana would have been invited for Woodstock 94?
Did Michael Jackson love babies?
How important is YouTube as a platform for musicians? What are some tips for effectively marketing music on the site?
Why do you choose to be a drummer?
How should a beginner Musician promote his single tracks when he is poor?
Why did Irene Cara's career peter out after Flashdance?
Why does the song, Suspicious Minds, by Elvis Presley fade temporarily after 3:20?
I want to become a professional singer, but I have stage fright. How do I get over it and how do I become a singer?
Are KPOP singers better than JPOP singers?
What do you think about the song "Florida kilos" by Lana del Rey?
How can I know how well I sing?
What is the role of bass singers in Russian music?
Is Taylor Swift a beautiful singer in Hollywood?
Have you listened to Mexican singer Marco Antonio Solis?
Who is the singer of Mere Rashke Qamar?
Why do some singers put their mouths right onto the microphone when others keep some distance?
Where is Justin Bieber's concert in Mumbai?
If you had a chance to write your own gravestone, what would you write?
What does the term "scratch orchestra" mean?
Can you apply to Berklee (vocal specialty) if you don't have previous musical studies but you are pretty good at singing?
What should I first introduce of David Bowie to someone who doesn't know his work?
How many Indians love Michael Jackson?
How much did Justin Bieber earn through his show in Mumbai?
Are there festivals that would let musicians collaborate with each other?
What did India get from Justin Bieber's concert?
Does Kygo & Selena Gomez’s “It Ain’t Me” music video have any meaning, interpretation, or symbolism?
Why are some singers simply not famous?
How do I become a highly productive musician?
Would it be weird if a singer who sings in a British accent was actually American?
What can you learn from listening to great opera singers in terms of technique? How do you do it?
Who was the first musician to listen his own music?
Who/what is responsible for such a poor start to Katy Perry's new album Witness?
What happened to Jimmy Rosenburg?
Why do jazz musicians in England mostly play like robots?
Is it possible to work simultaneously as a designer, writer and musician in India? Will it pay enough?
How can I become an internationally famous singer like Justin Bieber?
Who would you want to have lunch with if you had the chance to talk to any singer, actor, or actress, and why?
Is there freedom in music?
How do I go about practicing guitar/music for 20+ hours a week, while working 40 hours a week and going to school?
What are some of the best musical artists from the Romantic era?
What do Indians think about Punjabi songs and singers?
Is it possible to become a decent instrumental musician and composer, without learning how to sing?
Who is your least favourite musician/group?
What percentage of people on the planet are professional, paid musicians?
Is Michael Jackson considered more talented than Prince?
What type of musician makes the most money as a street performer?
How do I make best use of my voice?
What is the best comment on a musician?
In what Asian countries is avant-garde music widely appreciated?
Do you remember an old MTV music video where the members played in a football stadium and at the end of the show they climbed in the back of a pickup?
What are your favorite songs & singer?
How do I get noticed by a music director if I want to become a playback singer in Bollywood industry?
Why doesn't Badshah have fame like that of Honey Singh despite great hits?
Why are Justin Bieber fans called beliebers?
Do Ethiopian music recordings use Autotune, or do singers of that tradition and style naturally have the ability to jump from one note to another?
How do I make great guitar cover videos for YouTube?
Why do we feel inclined to sing when music is present?
I’m good at singing but how will I become a famous singer?
Do reality show singers really perform songs live? Shows like Indian Idol are not telecast live.
Do musicians think differently?
Which side are you on in Remy Ma vs. Nicki Minaj beef?
Why do musicians have laptops while performing on stage?
How do I find suitable platform to promote classical music as a young musician?
Is Don Cheto a popular Spanish singer?
Is there any social group or forum of musicians where regularly posts regarding music are made?
Really, how difficult is it to sing well? Explain it to me like I’m five years old.
Why do playback singers cover their ears while singing?
Many have speculated about Michael Jackson's personality, but what about his fans? What kind of personalities tend to gravitate towards MJ, and why?
Does anybody care about the Justin Bieber concert to be held in India?
How tall is Justin Bieber?
Should bands be willing to play live shows for free at venues, or does that devalue live music and make it hard for musicians in general?
Do you know who the Beatles are?
What if Meat Loaf had kept Jim Steinman and the whole 'Bat Out of Hell' musician lineup together? How would it have worked out?
Who is Diya Ghosh?
What mainstream pop singer would make an awesome cover of a metal song?
How many lessons per week should an opera singer have?
How much were The Beatles paid for the Shea Stadium Concert?
How should I tell my parents that I am a good singer?
Are there any famous musicians from Alabama?
Why is my favourite singer Arijit Singh?
What are some musical groups that tried hard to sound just like the Beatles back in the day?
Is there a good speed metal band like Dragonforce but with a female lead singer?
How do I be a good male singer I am not horrible in singing?
Where is the vocalist of Avial now?
Who are some artists that produce music like The Chainsmokers and Zedd?
Who are the best singers in Lebanon?
As an artist, Is it better to release a new song and a music video at the same time? Or a song first and then a music video later?
Did successful musicians start out at their homes they grew up in or did they work their way into a studio of some sort?
Have you listened to Mexican singer Joan Sebastian?
What was it like to be at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester when the blasts occurred?
What are some ways successful musicians deal with anxiety and pressure when put in the hot seat in the recording studio while the clock is ticking?
Who is more popular, Michael Jackson or Prince?
How do touring musicians keep a consistent haircut?
Is there any place in Bangalore to jam and share musical ideas with other musicians?
Is Brent Smith of Shinedown a good singer?
How come successful veteran singers don't peak in the charts anymore?
Can LMMS support Overloud TH2 VST?
How long do Justin Bieber’s concerts last?
Who is the most polite Bollywood singer?
How do all of the actors and singers have such great teeth?
How can I learn to sing like a nightingale?
How I can become a good musician?
Which musician in Africa would you love to do a song with?
Can I give my product a name that is a close approximation of a musical artist’s name?
How do you feel about the current music industry's climate?
How much singing and practice can you do a day? I'm struggling to get my repertoire in time.
What's your opinion on Michael Jackson? Why?
What's the first song that comes to your mind when you think of Taylor Swift?
Are there professional opportunities for an opera singer who doesn’t have a degree yet?
What is Justin Bieber's IQ?
Which singer sounds best in ABBA, Frida or Agnetha?
Why are almost all of Lana Del Rey's demos upbeat pop songs?
Will Ed Sheeran do another UK tour after his current 2017 one?
Who is the most famous singer in the world?
How do you know if you’re a good singer while using an electronic device?
Have you met a notable musician, and what was your impression of them?
How can anyone measure the success of a pop musician?
What genre is the song "It's Not Right but It's Okay" (Whitney Houston)?
Why is the singer in Marco Polo season 2, episode 6 singing in Spanish?
Who are the artists that performs spontaneous music?
What killed Kurt Cobain?
Why do Beatles fans like to pit John Lennon and Paul McCartney against each other?
As a guitarist playing live, how do you make sure to be heard during your solo?
Why is it that backing singers are mostly black?
What does everyone think is the most underrated Elvis Presley song?
Why do Ed Sheeran's albums have such strange titles?
Are Michael Jackson's children considered to be black?
What is a good ear-training method for classical pianists?
So let's be honest. Is there any way Michael Jackson is the biological father of Paris, Blanket and Prince?
Would Stromae be more famous if he would sing in English?
If filmmakers can change their genre and writers can change their field, then why can’t musicians change their sound?
If you become a top singer a Bollywood how much money can you earn for singing a song in a movie?
Did Chance the Rapper deserve the Grammy for best Rap Album over Kanye West and Drake?
What did the female singer of Fleetwood Mac think about Stevie Nicks joining the band?
What is a band/artist in the same style of the Smiths?
How do normal people get into the music industry?
What are the limelights of Justin Bieber concert in Mumbai?
What are the best weight gain products for females?
Why are music artists given a cash advance?
Did Michael Jackson ever make fun of big people?
Can an Indian be a Hollywood singer?
What happened to singer Balaji Shankar?
Can I meet Steve Perry?
Are any musicians or songwriters out there who don't generally listen to music?
Do lead singers generally earn more than other band members (excluding outside income like endorsements)?
Why do black singers usually have great voices?
Is Neil Diamond good and real music? Why or why not?
Can I become a mainstream artist if I'm a baritone/bass?
Do artists have to be claimed by VEVO if they want to release their music on there?
Is there a way to measure how slow or fast a singer sings?
What does it take to become a student at the royal music college as an opera singer?
Why is Elvis Presley regarded as a musical and cultural icon of the US?
Is Ed Sheeran an introvert?
Has anyone been to Ariana Grande's Dangerous Woman Concert? Was it worth it?
Going off of a question that I saw earlier, what are some songs, artists, or bands that you listen to and never get sick of?
What's the best way to contact a music publisher if you are at the start of your career?
Aside from Tabi, who are your favorite artists?
Songs with a similar sound to Simply Three’s cover of “Take me to Church”?
What is your opinion of Justin Bieber's concert in Mumbai yesterday?
Why do you think the musician Liz Y2K isn't more popular?
What is Lana Del Rey's song, "Radio" about?
Was Justin Bieber the best rock star to perform in India?
Is it permitted to host an musical event honoring a Jewish poet and singer on Rosh Hashanah?
Who is the richest artist of our time?
Who has met Taylor Swift (tell me about the experience)?
What do you think are the hardest things to play on an instrument?
What is the current home address of Garba singer Falguni Pathak?
If Hitler, Stalin, Mussolini and Tojo formed a boy band, who would be the lead singer?
Are EDM musicians from small towns doomed?
What questions would you ask a singer?
Who are your top 10 favorite Indian singers?
What state does Justin Timberlake live in?
How much money does a musician with a few million hits on Spotify make?
Why did highly successful people like Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe have such miserable lives?
How do vocal cords look for a person who can't sing and for a person who can sing like Whitney Houston? Is their thyrohyoid muscle(s) stronger?
Was Selena Gomez's Bad Liar really so amazing?
What other musicians should I listen to if I like Bread and Jim Croce?
Why should I like The Beatles?
Should I be a musician?
Who are the top ten full Gospel artists of today?
Is Arijit Singh the most talented singer Bollywood has ever seen?
Has the music industry prevented new genres from coming out?
Are there any American artists with Spinnin' Records?
Who's your favourite singer right now?
How did Jimi Hendrix made the unique effects of his guitar?
Who's greater, Michael Jackson or Carrie Underwood?
Do you think that John Lennon suffered from mental damage?
If Paul McCartney had been murdered instead of John Lennon, would he be seen as the most talented of the Beatles?
Inspite of having so many talented singers why hasn't India been able to produce international sensations like the One Direction music band and other international singers?
Who were the musicians in Beethoven's symphonies? Were they full-time musicians? Did they come from all of society's classes?
What jazz song (or style) is heard in the background of this scene?
What are the qualities of becoming a successful singer?
How many in Ahmedabad are fans of Ed Sheeran? Which is your favourite song?
If you had the choice, would you want to be a famous musician?
What do I have to do to make it in the music industry (as a band/song writer)?
What is it like to be the child of a successful musician? How often do or your friends listen to their music if ever?
From a technical vocal standpoint, who is one of the best singers in pop music today?
What Latin/Spanish musician/band produces your favorite music in Spanish?
Are there any recent famous people that were married to a mother and her daughter?
Who are the best horn players?
What are the knobs on either side of a pipe organ for?
Who do you think are the best new up and coming young jazz drummers (20, 30 yrs old) of today?
Do late piano musicians have increased sized corpus callosums?
Who was the best singer in ABBA?
As a guitarist myself, do I need to learn to play other instruments to become a music director?
Why Adam Levine does not want to be solo singer rather than becoming Maroon 5's singer?
When is Justin Bieber coming to Jaipur? Wasn’t he going to do some sightseeing after the concert?
I fangirl over a singer and I want to stop, but I just can't. What should I do?
Do you like more Sia or Adele?
Are there any rock singers who are good scat singers?
Did Elvis sign his own death certificate?
Name a blues rock singer that has short hair?
Why do singers/bands/artists try to hide their unreleased songs through copyright?
I used to sing quite well, hitting high notes easily, but now I feel like I just can't. Can one suddenly lose the ability to sing?
How could I have and maintain a wife and kids if I'm a musician constantly on the road?
What makes the songs of Pitbull and Bassnectar so amazing and what can sound artists and singers learn from their songs?
Who are your favorite artists among Michael Jackson, Prince Nelson, Whitney Houston, Luther Vandross and Stevie Wonder?
Is Wiz Khalifa underrated?
What are the chances of a person becoming as big as Justin Bieber?
What is the best modern song you have ever heard?
Why is Yo Yo Honey Singh not recording songs?
How many grandchildren and greatgrandchildren does Ravi Shankar, musician has?
Did Justin Bieber actually only lip sync at the Mumbai concert? If yes, what are your views about it?
What’s the floor processor/looper model that Ed Sheeran used in his performance during the 59th Grammy Awards?
What royalities do singers get who don't write their own songs?
Was John Lennon shunned for saying "Woman is the 'nigger' of the world"?
How was the Justin Bieber concert in Mumbai?
Why do we need air to talk and sing?
What are some good documentaries about Kurt Cobain?
How did Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan die? (Little brother of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan)
If you had to choose to kill Jacob Sartorious or Justin Bieber, who would die (one of them would survive)?
Who was the older sibling, Michael or Janet Jackson?
Who is the greater composer: Paul McCartney or Ethel Smyth?
Where do musicians hang out in New Jersey? What attracts musicians to venues?
Is Adele's voice limited to particular genres? Can one call her a versatile singer?
Who will be the monumental artists/musicians/bands of this generation once the others have gone?
Can a middle class Indian girl become a famous singer like Taylor Swift?
How can I learn to modulate my voice and sing well?
What happened to the money raised from the Justin Bieber concert?
Why do people not understand Michael Jackson?
Why is Whitney Houston said to be "The Voice" what makes her voice different from any other artist? What is her vocal analogy etc?
Where was the piano or violin invented? How did musicians of other countries/cultures react when they heard them being played for the first time?
Who is the best vocalist between BTS and EXO?
Why are the lot of Indians crazy to see Justin Bieber's show? Why are they throwing an amount of 76,000 INR just to watch Bieber?
Which musicians have changed their stage names multiple times?
How many octaves can Minnie Pearlton sing?
How do I create a merch table for my musician’s tour?
How can I improve my singing voice so I can sing pop songs and get a record deal?
What would the Beatles think of today’s music?
Who is the most flawless singer in America?
What is a 360 deal, relating to music? What are the implications for a musician that signs this kind of deal?
How do I stop singing tremolo?
Which singer from the older generation does Sunidhi Chauhan relate to?
Who is your favorite singer?
Who are some scientists, engineers, or great intellectuals who suffered great tragedies in their lives?
What is your opinion of Joji/George Miller?
Does any famous musician use Audacity and how good is this software for vocals?
Who is the most fashionable celebrity in the world?
If an independent artist (who you don't know) hits you up on social media and asks you to listen to their music, do you?
Where can I find a drummer?
Is Nikolai Kapustin's music considered jazz?
Who are the most influential musicians of the 20th century?
Is anyone working on their own album?
What are the official musicians’ pages on Vkontakte?
Who is the lady in Enrique Iglesias' Bailamos video?
Do you think that Adele will soon die of obesity (early 2016)?
Which male/female singers have unique voices?
Do you think quality trumps quantity in today's music industry?
Was Kurt Cobain's death a critical factor for Nirvana's raise in popularity?
Why do Indian reality show judges make comments such as "Better than the original"? Is it positive feedback to the artist or a remark to the original playback singer?
How much do musicians in super groups like U2, AC/DC, Guns & Roses, etc. make per show?
What are the top 10 overrated mainstream Indian singers of 2013 in your opinion?
Which songs/musicians describe Los Angeles culture?
Is there a common thread that has always sparked the creativity of great thinkers, scientists, artists, musicians, writers, and philosophers throughout history?
Why isn't Hendersin famous?
What is the average pay of a television singer in Kolkata, India?
What are some platforms like WordPress where a writer can create his/her own profile for poetry writing?
Who are the top ten most beautiful Bollywood female playback singers?
Was Taylor Swift pretty when she was a little girl?
How does it feel to be a kid of a Bollywood superstar or singer?
What is a name list of singers like Eminem? I like this genre.
Which musicians/bands have been influenced the most by Nine Inch Nails?
Does LMMS work with TH2 and ASIO4ALL?
Have there ever been any successful country singers who did not sing with a Southern "twang"?
How do I find the genre which is best for me for singing?
Was Michael Jackson ever mean to anybody in his lifetime?
Why are male opera singers frequently very fat, whereas women are expected to look the part?
Why do we prefer to sing aloud rather than sing in our heads?
Why was the Beatle’s John Lennon approved for residency at the Dakota Building (NYC), when celebs like Cher, Madonna and Billy Joel were rejected?
Why do some jazz music pieces feel chaotic, distressing, panicking, and unsettling?
What do classical musicians think of Boards of Canada?
What is your favourite genre of music and who is your favourite singer/band?
Why do people find Lana Del Rey odd/creepy?
Did Paul McCartney play every instrument on his first solo album, "Ram"?
How do Lana Del Rey’s songs get leaked?
What is the saddest song by Ed Sheeran?
What was your favorite live performance by The Band?
What do you not like about the attitudes of fellow musicians?
Why is rap considered music?
I'm looking for a song, what are the most popular rock related songs sung by women? I remember the singer sounding like Joan Jett.
Who are some contemporary Rai singers?
How can I get the opportunity to perform with a singing band in Mumbai?
As a jazz player, what do you think the difference would be between playing with a good drummer, or a real great like Elvin, Gadd or Dejohnette?
Who are your top 10 favorite American singers?
Why are most of the songs of Ed Sheeran censored?
Why are Indian English singers not so famous in Hollywood?
Does David Bowie haunt people?
What is Poweramp full version such a hit amongst the people? What speciality does it have?
What style of music is typically played during bank heist movie scenes?
Why do international singers choose to perform in Mumbai and not Delhi?
Where should a writer/sometime musician look for artsy cities where he/she can live for under $1K USD/month?
How does an artist see the world?
Who is going alone to the Justin Bieber Concert in India?
How do you make electroacoustic music?
Did Michael Jackson sing to people over the phone?
What's the best song of Justin Bieber?
New to jazz, what should I listen to?
How can a musician who used to boss maths study it again to take advantage of the inherent mathematical nature of music?
What are some artists/bands that would sound interesting playing other genres?
What basic technical elements differentiate one singer from another?
What does one have to do if he is good at singing?
What is your favorite song sung by Elton John?
Who are some artists similar to Barbara Kruger?
How old do you have to be to be a classic rock singer?
Who is the better artist - Beyonce or Adam Levine?
What professional singer, dead or alive, has/had the widest vocal range?
How can I keep from singing?
What is the best way for me to be known as a singer?
In which country does Justin Bieber live?
Why is North-Norwegian singer Sivert Høyem so popular in Greece?
What is the best ever possible way to learn music?
Should I go see Bob Dylan or Tool?
As a bassist and lead singer, I cannot focus on one without the other suffering. What can I do to improve?
How hard is a musician or a DJ's life? Also financial wise?
Do you think that if the Thriller fame had not happened to Michael Jackson, he would have been better off? Would he still be alive?
What is the name of the guy driving the car in the Blue Oyster cult video I'm burning for you?
Why isn't Bradley Nowell as widely recognized as Kurt Cobain?
Can someone who isn't a natural born singer train themselves to sing well?
Who are some of the playback singers one must listen to?
What makes people buy so many Elton John albums?
Was Elvis Presley a good kisser?
I think I sing quite well and should get myself trained in classical vocals. Should I?
Who is the leading artist in classical music, Rahul Deshpande or Dr Bharat Belavalli?
Why is there so much snobbery among musicians?
What is everyone's favourite Elvis Presley song?
What artists are considered "post-hop"?
How big would a "Various Artists” discography be?
What did Honey Singh say about Justin Bieber?
What artists are signed to Geffen Records?
What is wrong with the music industry today?
Which musician was kind of sad they didn't get to be a part of the Traveling Wilburys?
Which famous singers tend to sing flat?
What are some good songs by Bob Dylan or The Rolling Stones, or any similar musicians?
How do I move to LA or NY from another country to become professional musician without college degree?
My vocal range is D#2-A#4. What is my voice type and is it good for a pop/jazz singer?
Which singer from the older generation does Sonu Nigam relate to?
As a musician, how can I create a brand while staying true to myself?
What is it like to work with selena gomez?
How do you feel about Ariana Grande?
Should we feel lucky that we live on the same planet as the most talented singer, Mika Singh?
Did Stevie Ray Vaughan ever play live with any guitar other than a Stratocaster?
Why was Jesse McCartney a fad compared to Justin Bieber who is still rocking after 7 years?
Are there any volunteer abroad programmes for classical musicians?
Is the sentence “she doesn't like singing and dancing” right, or is it “she doesn’t like singing or dancing”?
Can I find the basic things needed to be a musician in a fraction of a second?
It has been said that Elvis Presley may have been of Melungeon descent. What are your thoughts on that?
Can we replace the voice of a singer in a musical track with the voice of another singer using present-day AI technologies?
Is there a famous DJ that doesn't produce his own song?
Why is Elton John so successful?
What is something a musician has done that made you an instant fan?
What are some ways to generate multiple streams of income as a musician?
I am 19 now. If I start learning to play the keyboard now, how long will it take to become a professional musician?
Which singer from the older generation does Shreya Ghoshal relate to?
If I was a musician, which countries in Europe should I consider to live in?
Do any of you musicians know if there is any limit for voice improvement in singing? And how does one improve his voice to a great extent?
Who are the top five rock artists?
Who are some amazing female vocalists that are lesser known, such as Eva Cassidy?
Why do you loathe Yo Yo Honey Singh?
Who are the richest singers in India?
Why did Michael Jackson really die?
What is the vocal range of Amira Willighagen, and who do you think is better at singing, Jackie Evancho or Amira?
How is shreya ghoshal chemistry with her co singers like sonu nigam?
Does Steve Perry (former lead singer of Journey) have any half-siblings?
Is Slipknot as popular as it used to be back in 2000-2010?
Is it easier for a singer to become an actor or an actor to become a singer?
How did music become what it is today?
What singer has the brightest future?
How can I learn to sing like Justin Timberlake (with his runs and his easy switch from chest to falsetto)?
Why is Justin Bieber getting so much attention from Indian media?
Is it necessary to learn classical music for being a good musician?
How many number one songs did CCR have?
Are any members of The Four Preps still alive?
What are some opinions regarding the Justin Bieber concert held in India?
What are your favorite guilty pleasure bands or musicians?
What do you think of the way Ed Sheeran released his new album (Divide)?
Who are some musicians similar to Rob Scallon?
Is it nice for people to assume that mainstream singers are talentless?
How can I do singing practice, while living in a hostel?
What are some known facts about the saint singer Kanakadasa?
Who are some artists similar to xxxTentacion?
Does Rihanna write her own songs?
What are some soft revenges happened between Chainsmokers and Justin Bieber?
Do musical artists record the entire song, or just each part once and then loop repeated parts?
What is the best way to find local musicians willing to start a band?
Can someone with a limited vocal range become a professional singer?
Why don't most of the country music singers tour outside of the USA?
Why do many successful bands have a key member or two that make the majority of the decisions, and do most of the writing?
When will Miley Cyrus do more Disney movies?
Who's the famous 50's country singer who died at 29?
Who are some of the all time great playback singers in Malayalam, who are not know to the present day generation?
Which musician's concert is the most entertaining?
As a musician, what my job options are there for me if I want to move to United States?
What are some singers similar to Aretha Franklin? What makes them alike?
What do we call people who organise scenes for singers?
Why do some Indians defend Justin Bieber's horrible concert even though it was a total shambles? (Please see the question’s details.)
Do artists get scared that they could be shot on stage?
What bands/singers/musicians of today will be remembered as legends in the next 20-30 years?
Is Taylor Swift a good role model?
What singer or musical group has (or had) the largest (or a very large) road crew?
Do musicians playing instruments requiring them to vibrate their hands develop later health problems because of it?
Why can singing certain songs offend or upset some people?
Is Billy Joel considered a classic rock artist?
If Elvis Presley was the King of Rock 'n' Roll, why didn’t he perform at Woodstock?
What brain waves would be in use when a singer sings?
Should you follow your burning desire of becoming a singer if you can’t sing?
Why does Justin Bieber require too much luxury for a one-day show in India?
Where is the singer Marcos Franz from? Is he American or English?
Why do some singing competition winners not become big stars?
How do musicians figure out the music they will use for their songs?
Why do most people in India give more attention to actors than singers? Why do they forget singing is tougher than acting?
What's it like to work with Bob Kagle?
How do I control nervousness while singing?
What is your favorite song to play on a guitar whether it is on electric, acoustic, classical, or bass?
Why can't old people admit to the fact that Michael Jackson is greater than the Beatles?
Why have instrumentalists and orchestras improved technically so much over time and singers gone the other way?
How popular is Taylor Swift in the US?
Is the popularity of Elvis Presley about the same, or has it changed one way or another?
What are the disadvantages of Spotify for a musician?
Who are the lesser known singers of Bollywood that have immense singing talent?
What kind of cartoons did Michael Jackson like?
Why was David Bowie so far ahead of his contemporaries?
Which musical artists have had the greatest success later in their careers?
Can musicians earn a decent living via creating content on YouTube? How?
Is the face of Brazilian singer Fagner particularly manly?
How did you discover your favorite musician?
Can Shirley Setia really sing?
How can I stop trembling when singing?
Who is your favorite renaissance artist (painter, sculptor, musician or writer)?
How did Canadian musician and international record producer Bruce Fairbairn die?
In a live orchestra concert, what are some potential mistakes or screw-ups that musicians are afraid of?
Is Ivan moody still lead singer for ffdp?
If Bieber's voice was low, would he be famous?
As an independent musician, what are some of your greatest struggles?
What is a soul singer?
How do I find and commission a musician to produce the sound track for my visual novel?
What are your top 10 artists on the Greatest Hot Latin Songs Artists chart?
How do electronic musicians compare to non-electronic musicians?
How many songs should a musician know how to play?
Is Adele worth seeing live? Is she a good performer?
What do you think could be the possible reason for Chris Cornell's suicide?
What is it called when a singer songs another person's song?
What made Stuart Elliott become a drummer?
How would you evaluate Karen Carpenter as a drummer? Is she anywhere in the 100-greatest-drummers zone or just an "ok drummer"?
Who is/was the better poet - Bob Dylan or Leonard Cohen?
Who are some talented rock/pop musicians who have had some terrible hairstyles in their career?
Will you “smash or pass” Justin Bieber? Why?
Can singers smoke?
Why did Justin Bieber egg his neighbours house?
Which are your top 5 Ariana Grande songs?
Did the Europeans stop cannibalism in China in 1900?
Is Billy Joel the best singer ever?
Who is your favorite underrated musician?
How did Michael Jackson used his falsetto?
How do blind musicians compose music?
Did the Beatles like the Beach Boys' music?
Did Elvis Presley die from constipation?
What is Richard De Sousa doing now?
What do you think of Snoop Dogg's new song in which he murders President Donald Trump?
When would the Beatles have reunited had Lennon lived?
How can I prevent hand cramps while I am playing Bach?
Do you guys think Taylor Swift is a Puma girl?
How much is Justin Bieber charging for the Mumbai concert?
What R&B artist inspires you?
Who is the greatest musical artist ever?
What would you say to learning piano by slowly learning a super difficult piece like Turkish March?
Why did Michael Jackson quit working with Quincy Jones - surely a mistake?
Who is the composer and singer of Vodafone ad song "just you just me"?
Who was the artist who drew the lyric video for Maroon 5's "Payphone"?
What are the benefits of a slightly lower larynx when it comes to singing?
Who are the top 5 Indian singers of all time?
What are the avenues for reaching out to amateur musicians and singers online?
Can I become a great pianist with only determination?
Who is the best and most brilliant guitarist of our time?
Are there any successful singers, especially in India who did not take any formal training?
How do pro musicians work out which musical contributions are considered "songwriting" in a legal sense and which are just accompanying parts?
Who are more smaller artists similar to Chance The Rapper?
Who are your favourite foreign music artists?
Do singers and musicians get paid by Beats for flashing Beats stuff?
What country has the best singers in the world?
Are Paul McCartney and Denny Laine still not speaking to each other?
Why do so many venues try to get musicians to play for free while being willing to pay everyone else who works for the business?
Which band/artist do you want to see perform live in India (even after Justin Bieber's concert)?
Why did Frank Sinatra marry 3 times?
How did Eminem get his name?
What is your review of Cashmere Cat's new album, "9"?
What is the musician's name?
Did Justin Bieber make an unrealistic demand list while he'll be in India or is it just the organizers' effort to make his stay an unforgettable one?
How can I get my music to huge mainstream artists?
Why are there so many 'weird' musicians?
Who was the first known blues musician?
Who is the lead vocal in The Beatles’ “P.S. I Love You”?
Which young singers from Bollywood do you like?
How can I sing higher without strain?
Why are Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder considered great musicians?
What happened to the app ‘Shots’ that Justin Bieber supported?
Who is Betzalel Shapiro's favourite country musician/artist?
Why does everybody say Justin Bieber is gay?
How long can Arijith Singh maintain his supremacy or demand over other singers?
What are some instrumental songs based on electric guitar?
Would independent musicians pay for a DIY tour-booking coach to help them book shows?
What are some of the most famous Canadian music artists?
Who is the best artist that's ever lived?
Why are the Beatles so overrated when they just played 'music hall' pop with little comparison in quality to their 'less heard' contemporaries?
Who is the world’s fastest pianist?
Who are the 3 greatest living musicians?
What determines if a music artist's tour is held in small standing room venues, large amphitheaters, or even larger arenas?
How much contingency practicing do musicians do?
Has a concert pianist ever had problems finishing a concerto live?
How do I make it as a music artist, and how do I start producing music?
How much do singers make from touring?
What do artists think when they hear their own music on the radio?
How is the life of recording dance artists?
Would you like to receive a personalized/signed beer (favorite artist) for your leftover tokens from a festival?
Is it ok for a singer to shout loud?
What are some good male-singer songs in English?
When do singers typically discover that they have the capacity to sing countertenor parts?
Do they have a proper music industry in India?
I want to meet some musicians in Ahmedabad. Where should I go for that? Whom should I meet?
What are some easy songs by bands/artists who usually produce complicated songs?
What is the best way to improve my skills as a musician?
Did the video Thriller make the album as legendary as it is?
What are typical education steps for classical musicians?
Is there a greater singer than Freddie Mercury?
How do musicians politely deal with people who demand a song they don’t want to play?
How much money did Justin Bieber get for his Mumbai concert?
Who are some popular singers in Mexico who sing rap music and country music?
Does David bowie know all his fans in the world?
Should all artists and bands have at least one anti-religious song?
Which is the best artist in French music nowadays?
How can one date ariana Grande?
How has Bjork been so successful yet remain authentic?
Who are some good reggae artists for someone new to the genre?
How do singers compete with one another for success?
Do electronic music artists hate playing their old stuff?
Which musician did the most drugs?
What is it like for an Indian who love country music even never visited the United States?
How do rock musicians write music?
Which kind of Spanish accent does Enrique Iglesias sing?
Is starting a band with my girlfriend a good idea?
Do Jai Prakash & Justin Bieber look alike?
Who do you think was a better Misfit singer? Danzig, Graves, or Jerry Only?
Can Katy Perry compose her music?
Who are the best musicians in history and why?
Why are Indian DJ artists not making a huge impact on the global music industry?
Is it possible for a fat person like rick Ross to become slim like the musician designer?
In The Sixteen with Harry Christophers, how much do the singers make?
What should one pay Bandcamp artists?
Do you think that Adele is the only singer who does not sing totally naked although she does not have that much talent?
What happened to Colby O'Donis?
How can a musician determine what his/her potential is?
Who sings Gizmos Day Off, Let's Do It Again?
How can I sing like Chester Bennington?
Is it normal to listen to one singer?
What are your favorite bands/singers from the 70s, 80s, and 90s?
What did Kurt Cobain do before he became famous?
How did Bad Bunny become the most famous singer trap and the best of the world in only six months?
Why didn't Michael Jackson win any single Grammy for the Bad album in 1988?
Did David Bowie play any instruments?
Which is the best institute/guru to learn singing from scratch in Mumbai?
Do excellent studio musicians resent the fame and fortune of musicians of lesser talent who get rich in popular bands?
Do any famous guitarists have short fingers?
How serious a farmer was Paul McCartney, and did he work on the farm himself?
Who is good-looking, Selena Gomez or Taylor Swift?
Can I issue any of the notes on the scale of the song I sing that sound good or should I just sing only the notes of the chord played last?
What is a good way of getting guest collaborators to co-perform songs?
How can I give better feedback to other artists?
Did David Bowie really hate Angie Bowie?
Is it legal to use animated versions of musicians and their music (covers) and famous people in my not-for-profit cartoon?
What happened to the people who won or bought tickets to Michael Jackson's final tour, which was scheduled for the month of July, '09?
Why is a popular musician not as respected as classical musicians?
Where is Justin Bieber's house?
Have you gone to a gig and miked up the drums with your own mics using your own mixer, like Dave Weckl does?
If you could create a new product for musicians, what would it be?
How can an ameteur guitarist become a flamenco guitarist?
Who is the female background singer in Chris Brown's Wet the Bed?
How do you get yourself searched on Google as a musician?
What is Matthew Bellamy like, as a person?
Who are the most famous Bulgarian Opera singers?
What were some famous singers during the 1950s?
I've been trying to get a job in USA for 3 years now, yet unsuccessfully, what should I do?
Can a band be called a band without a drummer?
Why do musicians still turn to record labels when they can approach the audience directly through the Internet?
What are some interesting questions I can ask to a musician? Which ones should I avoid?
Who are some good artists that are similar to Teamsesh (Bones, Xavier Wulf)?
Is Zayn Malik a good singer in terms of his vocal strength?
Do you believe that if rappers don't write their own songs, they’re not really talented?
What do you think about music composer Ilaiyaraaja’s complaint that singers should get his permission while singing?
Who was Unnikrishnan (not Sandeep or the singer)?
Why are girls crazy for a crappy singer like Justin Bieber?
What techniques can be used to sing higher notes?
Why do you look like a young Justin Bieber?
Who is a great singer in Bollywood?
What are some good male artist music videos with good visuals?
What characteristics distinguish Polish singers?
EDM producers: how do you approach reverb?
Which singer do you look up to as an artist and as a person?
How do I find musicians through the Internet?
Are there any famous baritones in pop right now?
Which Brazilian singers do you like best at the moment?
What do you think about ed sheeran's new album DIVIDE?
Are there any other bands that make music like The Lumineers?
Which artists, musicians and bands are similar to The Sables electronica band from Frankfurt?
As a musician, do you feel that having your music on Spotify or similar services is worth it in terms of compensation vs exposure?
How can I become a singer in a Gujarati movie?
Where is Singer KK next live concert?
Whose voice is better, Ariana Grande's or Demi's?
Who is the best band of all time that only released 1 album?
Why music is such an important part of our life?
Did Michael Jackson ever teach anybody how to sing face to face?
Do you think Tool would release a new album between 2017-2019?
What are your views on the Diljit Dosanjh & Ed Sheeran Mashup (it's going viral)?
Is Arijit Singh (অরিজিত) the best singer in West Bengal film industry?
Is our generation the most creative in history? Why or why not?
Which is Ariana Grande’s best song?
Should I use my M-Audio Fast Track Pro with a power supply instead of USB power?
Who are some famous singers who were not born with a lot of vocal talent but became very good after practice?
Why do you think Taylor Swift has not settled down?
Who killed John Lennon and why?
What are some famous 80's musicians with Afros?
Am I not masculine enough if I listen to Ariana Grande?
What is the name of those notebooks which musicians play the songs by looking at them?
Who is the best singer in Japan?
Why do some musical artists spend a lot of money on some music videos while others don't?
Would Selena Gomez write a song for her fans?
What are the most important tips to singing well?
Could you introduce some artists like Nanci Griffith or Emmylou Harris?
Who is the best singer in asoiaf?
Do drugs make you appreciate good artistic music, or do they make you tolerate something you wouldn't like normally?
How's David Bowie’s family?
Where is Frank Sinatra buried?
How do I increase my talent in singing by myself?
Which is the better singer out of Madonna, Lady Gaga and Shakira?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
What are the pros and cons of being a Celebrity?
How do I go about building a team for a music artist in terms of all business aspects?
Is there a correlation between an instrument and personality of the player?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
Is the singer Steve Winwood dead?
I've noticed when Justin Bieber sings live he uses this auto tune filter on his microphone but it sounds very natural. What product could this be?
Will there be another band like The Beatles?
Will you smash or pass "Selena Gomez"? Why?
Why do most of the songs by the Chainsmokers have a singer featured in them?
What is your opinion on Ski Mask the Slump God (rapper)?
Do you like Fetty Wap's voice? Why or why not?
Who is the best unknown singer in India?
Which modern American artists are good to listen to? For the majority of my life, I have only been exposed to Asian and ‘90s alternative music.
Do you know any artists similar to The Xx?
Why don’t artists have copyright issues when other artists sing covers of their songs on YouTube?
What musicians/artists do you personally think deserve a lot more recognition, and recommend listening to?
Do music lovers seek out new artist?
Is there any band similar to GODSPEED YOU BLACK EMPEROR?
Which artists are known for exaggerating colours in order to represent emotion?
What are the things that a debut music director should know about music?
Who is currently the world's greatest singer and to which country does he/she belong?
Which current bands/musicians are known to have groupies?
Is Taylor Swift's net worth all hers or is that her brand's?
Why are movie stars and musicians so much more political than in the past?
If I'm Selena Gomez, what questions would you like to ask me?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
What does “Katy Perry - Bon Appétit” mean?
How much do Iranian singers usually charge to come and sing for one night?
When will people stop comparing John Lennon and Paul McCartney?
What singers/bands are underrated according to you?
How is Jimmy Page regarded among other musicians?
How do you sing in the right key?
How much does a trainee have to pay if he doesn't debut during his contract time, for example, JYP?
Where can I get the original milk fic?
Why do bands/artists change their sound overtime?
"But I can kill my wife if I'm a football player." Who is this lyric about?
How can a musician use an athlete's mindset to his/her benefit?
Was Michael Jackson a better performer than Prince and Elvis Presley?
How can I find the background musics in this type?
Are artists and musicians important to a society?
Which musicians started in their 20s?
Are you singing? Where?
I spent money in a recording studio making a CD. How do I write it off on my tax forms?
Who made the backing track in Beauty and the Beast with Ariana Grande and John Legend? And will there be released a better version with their voices?
What are some ideas for Instagram content for musicians when not touring or releasing music?
What 20th/21st century musicians have been considered geniuses?
Who are the singers in Nightcore?
Are people with ADHD better musicians?
Do Marine drill instructors make good singers?
Is it just me or are artists like Shawn Mendes a little bit overrated? (I don’t hate him. This is just my opinion.)
If The Beatles started their musical career today, what would their music be like?
Are music artists normally surprised by which of their songs are more popular than their others?
How do I book a famous singer to sing at my wedding?
How do I sing in Tirupathi?
I’m 18 now. If I start learning proper music, will I become a playback singer?
In which of these cities would a musician choose to live: Berlin/Leipzig, Montreal, Lisbon, Barcelona, Mexico City, Vilnius, or Bucharest?
Who is the rudest Bollywood singer of all-time?
Who sang the "Aisi Deewangi" serial promo song? The thing is making rounds on Zee TV, and I wonder who the singer is (https://youtu.be/aAPkXZbVCJo
...
What country singer sings “Don't Take the Girl”?
How long does it take to become a pop singer?
Who are some good German musicians?
What are the benefits of being a musician to society?
Who is the most flawless singer in India?
Why do the "best guitarists ever" lists never include jazz or classical guitarists?
What equipment do the artists at PC Music use?
How can I get live shows for singing?
What's the best way to book a singer for an event?
Is it possible to electronically sample the work of a singer and generate new songs in that singers voice and style?
Are there any Pakistani singers that sing in English or are promoted internationally?
What do you think of musicians who do not write their own songs?
What percentage of songs do you know by your favourite musician?
Does singing a few cents off matter?
Are there any popular Brazilian singers that sing using a paulista accent?
Are there better opportunities for musicians in Los Angeles?
Who is your favorite composer and why?
Who is a better idol, Justin Bieber or Shawn Mendes? Why?
Is MJ the best all time pop singer?
Why were old Jazz melodies covered by so many artists of that time?
What is the relationship between Quora's Richard White and the singer from the original Disney Beauty and the Beast?
What should I do to become a better trumpet player?
Do all pop stars need to be trained in dancing to make it in the music industry?
How much money do you think Justin Bieber generates?
If someone says "name your price, no minimum" for online music, is it skeevy to pay nothing?
How good can I become at singing with lessons and practice if I cannot sing in tune today?
Do you know of a Chinese singer who sings the Bossanova way, someone like 家家 , with an R&B or jazzy style?
How do you find the video for Bob Marley's Don't Worry Be Happy?
As a musician, what would you buy with $1000?
Is anyone buying Justin Bieber’s new humble facade?
Which is your favourite Punjabi singer and why?
What will happen now to the Alexandrov Ensemble after most of its Musicians died?
How did Big Pun become a musician?
Which is more important - the song or the singer?
This sounds strange, but I have a huge crush on a singer with a wife and a child. What should I do?
Can singing everyday improve my voice?
What are the most disappointing artists to watch in a live concert?
Is there a natural tension or disconnect between the vocalist and the instrumentalists in live performance bands?
Can I become a successful music director if I have no musical background?
Should beginner guitarists play jazz?
Does anyone like My Way by Frank Sinatra? I need your help. Thanks.
Justin Bieber left India just after the concert. Is it true?
Who are the people in Mumbai (with contacts) who teach singing?
How can I find new music similar to this?
While in the past singers and rappers used to sell millions of albums, how much do they earn now?
How can I improve my voice quality to match with the professional singers?
What percentage do musicians get from tour revenue?
How many fans did Michael Jackson have?
Why did Kurt Cobain like low-end guitars?
What is the difference between music and sound art?
Who's the best pop female between Katy Perry, Rihanna, Lady Gaga, and Ariana Grande, using any criteria to differentiate them?
All my songs are sad and about heart break. Can they be performed live? What kind of venues can I find as a singer/songwriter?
Who are the band members of Penn Masala?
How can we praise a drummer?
How do classical musicians prepare for an international competition if they don't have much time?
What are the best songs of AR Rahman as a singer?
Is it hard to earn money as a musician or singer?
How many times did Michael Jackson have surgery?
Do you think recent music bands/artists are more computer dependent & not as hard working instrument players?
Is it fine to sing and dance when I have the urge to?
What is the relationship between Elton John and Michael Jackson?
What makes Lana Del Rey attractive?
How do people make music?
How do professional musicians record new tracks?
Would John Lennon have predicted for himself that he would die soon?
Does someone's dog react to listening to Ben Howard's Old Pine?
Are custom-fit musician earplugs worth the cost?
What is the most essential skill for a musician and how to improve it?
Is Alexandro Querevalú a street singer?
Was Prince a good drummer?
How much money did singers in India make?
What did Justin Bieber think of Toby Sheldon?
Will McCartney tour Australia?
How does a singer become famous after honing his or her skills and performing live?
Does David Bowie really have superpowers?
Who are some indie folk/pop nice female/male singers?
Who are the artists Ed Sheeran have collaborated with?
Is it compulsory to make bass mono?
How did Michael Jackson learn of the allegations in 1993 and in 2004?
Was George Harrison the nicest Beatle?
How much work is involved in effectively doing your own music publishing? Is it feasible to get it done while actively working as a pro musician?
Why do I tear up when I sing?
How can I learn to sing and dance extremely well?
Is it worth setting up or buying a vocal booth for my home studio or shall I rent a recording studio?
What went wrong with Justin Bieber’s first concert in India?
Is Bon Jovi dead or alive?
Why is it that when I sing really soft I can hit really high notes, but when I sing in my normal voice I can't hit those same high notes?
What are some good bands/artists?
How do I get into music college as a self-taught musician?
Who is the best singer out there in the USA, for adults?
What is the name of the most famous singer in the USA?
Would you have let your son spend the night with Michael Jackson?
What are some of the most famous Albanian singers?
Does streaming hurt musicians?
How do I prepare for an interview with a music manager in the music industry?
Are Indians overreacting over Katy Perry’s Instagram post?
How can I become popular over social media with my great singers voice?
How do smart bands and musicians use Snapchat to keep fans engaged?
What do you think of the production and content of this song?
Which female pop artist do you think has the best voice?
How is David Bowie’s family doing today?
What do you think about Harry Styles’ debut single “Sign of the Times”?
What makes you want to give up on the music industry?
How would you describe Whitney Houston as a singer? What type of voice does she have?
Is Paul McCartney any relation to Paul McSciencey?
Would you join a social network for, but not restricted to "artistic" people?
Did Justin Bieber spit on members of the public?
As a musician, how can I invest in myself?
How much money do members of pop singers' live bands make?
Is Elton John alive or dead?
How can I draw more creatives (writers, artists, musicians etc.) into my new business for free?
Which role do you think Ed Sheeran will play on GoT season 7?
What did Michael Jackson think of big people?
Who is your favorite Big Bang idol/singer?
Why did Ariana Grande start her career as a singer?
What did Elvis think of the Beatles, the Stones, and The Who?
Do you agree that "Rockstar," the Hindi album, is the best thing that ever happened for singer Mohit Chouhan?
How does the music industry differ throughout the world?
Do music artists know beforehand which song will be a hit?
How do I become a super singer in Vijay TV?
Who is a better rapper, Honey Singh or Badshah?
What is a great drummer player?
Why do I sing out of tune when I sing with a band?
Why did Ilayaraja raise copyright issues and send notice to SP Balasubrahmanyam?
How long should you practice to be a professional guitarist?
What caused Michael Jackson’s death?
Do you think Michael Jackson had a crush on Beyoncé based on the times they were seen together in pubic?
Elvis Presley and the Beatles had trouble getting recording deals and were advised by industry pros to give it up. How could they have been so wrong?
Who is attending Justin Bieber's concert in India on March?
Can major artists tell which song(s) in their album will be hits and have a chance at the top charts?
How do I write songs like the Beach House band does?
Why do some pop singers choose to not phrase on beat but a little bit behind or above it?
How is Ed Sheeran's album Divide?
Do you know any famous musician, who was not musically gifted/talented, but still managed to become a successful songwriter?
Who is the anonymous singer, AZN Pride, who wrote 'Got Rice?' in the 90s?
Has the singer Brian Ryan ever sung a Hindi song?
Will the albums from Michael Jackson and Prince increase in value?
Why do people choose artistic careers when they don't have the capabilities to be artists?
Has Lisa Ono ever sung rock?
What are your views about the song "It ain't me" by Kygo and Selena Gomez?
Who's going to sing at Opole 2017?
Would you want a website to get feedback on your music playing?
Why is everyone against Justin Bieber's India concert?
How much can a live cafe singer earn in a month?
Who are some "bad" singers who produced high quality songs?
How can musicians play silent notes along with a high bpm metronome (especially if the silent notes are exactly on the beat)?
Is the new Raabta song's music similar to another song? I can’t recall it.
Is it sensible to be a fan of a writer, director, or musician (an artist) if that artist has been known or proven to be a despicable human being?
Why do I struggle when I try to sing pop music but not when I sing classical music?
What (male) Canadian singer was born in 1994?
What does Justin Bieber want for his 23rd birthday?
Why is Justin Bieber on the worst celebrity list?
How would you feel if you found out Justin Bieber was born female?
If someone called Trump Justin Bieber, who would it be an insult to?
Who is the singer in Martin Jensen's song "Solo Dance"?
How was Paderewski as a politician?
Is Bob Marley a good person to be praised by youngsters?
Why don't people judge the famous opera singers?
Why do many singers choose to release their new singles on a Friday?
Can a singer be a bass, baritone, tenor, alto, mezzo-soprano, and soprano when their range is E2-D6 by changing their vocal color and weight?
You can flip a switch that will wipe any band or musical artist off the earth. Who would you choose?
Why would a singer grab their throat and chin when practicing?
Why are bands like London Grammar less popular than single artists like Ariana Grande or Lady Gaga? Does it prove that people are more into looks than art?
When can I meet Ariana Grande?
What modern band/musician do you think writes the most meaningful lyrics?
Does singing/listening to songs also make you feel better?
What do classical and jazz musicians think of progressive rock?
Who is the best singer with raspy voice for you?
Did Paul McCartney steal African music for his 1973 'Band on the Run' album?
How do you feel knowing BTS won Top Social Artist at the BBMAs?
Do you think having their picture on a business card would improve or detract from a musician's marketability and image?
What are some facts about John Lennon?
What are some music videos in which the artist is performing alone?
What are the mainstream singers that people avoid and what singers do you listen to?
Would Yossele Rosenblatt have been the best opera singer of all time if he had tried?
Is Taylor Swift skinny?
How did Justin Bieber do his school work?
Do I need to study music courses or theories to become a successful musician?
How do I find instrumentalists, e.g. a pianist and guitarist, etc. in order to form a band in Kenya?
What is your opinion on the Justin Bieber's concert held in Mumbai on 2017?
Is there any website where I can find an indie singer who will sing a song I write?
Is it weird for a guy to like Britney Spears?
Will you smash or pass "Taylor Swift"? Why?
Who's the better artist; Whitney Houston or Sade?
Is Facebook on track to lose the interest of musicians by heavily limiting their reach to fans outside of ads?
Who is the richest Bollywood singer according to net worth?
Who are some of the best Indian singers that A. R. Rahman didn't create a chartbuster with?
Who are the best Druze singers from Lebanon or elsewhere?
Have you listened to "I Don't Wanna Live Forever' by ZAYN and Taylor Swift? If so, what do you picture when its playing?
I want to start listening to English songs. From which singer/band should I start?
Is it possible to be a male singer with a low-singing voice, and still get discovered?
What are other singers/bands that sing about sex and love so sensually like Darren Hayes?
Do you think Michael Jackson would have liked me as a person?
What do you call a singer or a musical artist going on top of fans hands?
How can I write to Steve Perry?
Why was Michael Jackson's album Invincible less successful than his others?
How do I sing a trill?
How does one become a musician in Kenya without the money to invest in it?
Why do you want to be a Musician?
Does off-key and off-pitch mean the same thing in singing?
What advice, as an successful musician, can you give me?
The four lead singers of my four fave grunge bands committed suicide or OD’d. What can I learn from these deaths?
What are some examples of female musicians being sexy without being objectified?
Are Hollywood musical movies sung by the actors or are they sung by other singers?
What was Michael Jackson like, in terms of his nature?
Are Americans familiar with the legendary singer Dalida?
If you could have a song written specifically for you by any musical artist, whom would you choose to write it?
Do you think BTS will beat Justin in the Top Artist Award at the BBMAs?
Who are some female singers with deep voices?
Who would you say is the best musician or singer from Panama?
Why did Ed Sheeran name his latest album Divide?
What are the benefits of owning your own publishing rights as a musician?
Who is the Dalit pop singer Ginni Mahi?
What bands are (very) similar to Tremonti?
How nice is Stevie Wonder in person?
What musician would you be most surprised to hear used drugs?
How would a rap song performed by Yo Yo Honey Singh with Lata Mangeshkar sound like?
How do I write a song? Help!
Do international pop artists generally lip sync to their songs in live concerts, or were Justin Bieber's fans short-changed in the Mumbai concert?
Who is your favourite pop singer all time?
What are the best affordable cities for aspiring musicians in the USA with rail or BRT?
Who was the famous musician in the court of Akbar?
Who are some French singers like Adele and Dido?
What will happen if singers stop using Auto-Tune?
Who is more controversial, Marilyn Manson, or the Sex Pistols?
What is your favorite song from a band, artist you generally dislike?
What separates average joes from celebrity musicians?
What's the difference between Motown and Stax Records? How were they alike and different?
How much do successful musicians sleep?
What songs would you recommend from your country?
How does a struggling musician feel and is there a point where he feels no matter what he does, he will never make it big?
Was there more than one Paul McCartney?
Can a stage name be the name of a song?
Does anyone think that Justin Bieber's dad is a thug as he only came to JB when he got famous?
Why are almost all songs of A Perfect Circle composed by their lead singer?
Do you know someone who went from bad to good singer in a short amount of time, and how he did it?
Should a person with a shrill voice become a singer or a rapper?
Where can I get music for my game?
Why are most popular male singing voices of today thinner than those of the past?
What are the advantages of joining a musician's union like the American Federation of Musicians?
What should I bring to a concert?
What compliments do musicians and composers love to hear?
Does AR Rahman as a singer sing correctly in Sur?
What is the range of an average female singer?
How do I sell musical artist merchandise?
How can I sing like a professional when I only know the basics of singing?
Has Michael Jackson ever visited India?
Who is the most prolific musician?
Do artistes casually listen to their own music for entertainment?
How can I request Ranjani and Gayatri to sing a composition of my choice in their next performance?
Who’s the best drummer?
Can a low/mid baritone like me have a chance of being a K-pop idol or a singer, even just a rapper? I presume that my vocal range is around "F#3-C5" (sort of there). I'm 15 by the way.
When did you start hating Justin Bieber and why?
What are the best pop singers/bands of the last 20 years?
How was Justin Bieber's concert in India?
The Weeknd fans: How do you feel about Starboy compared to Trilogy?
At what age do singers typically reach their peak?
Was Brian Wilson a pop genius ahead of Paul McCartney?
What are the best clubs in Mumbai to party at after Justin Bieber's concert?
Is Yo Yo Honey Singh or Bohemia the best?
How can I get permission from a singer to use his/her song?
Who are some country singers like Cole Swindell?
What does it mean when a singer covers one eye?
Why is Bob Marley more popular than Fela?
Why do some people seem to strongly dislike Ed Sheeran's music?
Why are there no TV competitions for musicians?
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
Dancers and musicians are not paid highly in India. Why?
Do you know an amateur singer?
Would I have a better chance succeeding with a career as an architect or a musician?
Why are there so many brilliant impressions of The Beatles' music?
Which band/artist comes to mind when the subject of African music entertainment comes up? Why?
What are the most active areas in the US for pro musicians and associated professions?
Where did Yo Yo Honey Singh and others like him get started?
What type of people are spending 50,000 to 75,000 on Justin Bieber’s "Purpose World Tour" concert in Mumbai?
How does it feel to live like Selena Gomez?
Does the playback singers sing as they wish, or does the music director have to tell them how to sing the tune of the lyrics?
What rock music are you currently spinning?
Was Himesh Reshammiya the best singer of his time?
Who is an upcoming singer of Punjab?
Is 2 octaves a lot for an untrained 'singer'?
Which musicians lived happy and long lives?
What was John Lennon working on before he was killed?
Does David Bowie watch us?
Why do boys hate Justin Bieber?
Why aren’t legendary singers like Kumar Sanu and Udit Narayan singing nowadays?
Are people interested in 'Singer', a Chinese singing competition show?
Who is your favourite British singer and why?
Who is your favorite vocalist?
How can I sing 4th octave notes in a chest voice without straining my voice for a male?
Why are the voices of country singers similar?
Why isn't Psy considered a K-pop artist by a lot of people?
Was the development of modern music theory influenced by any people who were neither musicians nor composers?
What do orchestra musicians think about when they accompany rock bands?
How is Art Sky Agency for recording artists, talent management, entertainment and the music business?
How do I have a "downward" feeling when singing?
What is the meaning of "singing to tiny dancer" in Ed Sheeran's song 'Castle on the Hill'?
How do I stop singing all the time?
Who is the most famous and richest Indian singer in Hollywood?
What do you feel about the concert of Justin Bieber and what is your reaction towards his demands which he kept in front of the organisers?
Can a SEAL extend his own deployment?
How much money do singers (Taylor Swift) make per concert?
What is the vocal range of Bollywood singer KK?
What would it be if Yo Yo Honey sang feminism?
What is the likelihood that someone could become a famous "rock star" now?
Who can sing better than Shreya Ghoshal?
What are some things that musicians understand that non-musicians don't?
How would you describe Mary J Blige as a singer? What type of voice does she have?
Besides Vanessa Williams, what other crowned pageant woman became a recording music artist?
What are some underrated songs that deserve more attention?
Does Ato Mariano use the same words every time he sings?
Why do musicians sign to record labels when they can have better economic condition being an independent artist?
Who are Israel Houghton’s back-up singers in the video for the song Chasing Me Down?
Why won't Dave Grohl talk about Kurt Cobain?
As a musician what should I know about harmony other than music scales?
Is Randy Hansen the world’s greatest guitar player?
How can I learn to act and sing?
Is (the real) Paul McCartney dead?
What should I do if I want to sing in a band but I have no access to any of them?
Why don't we have good online guitar teachers like Justin Sandercoe or Marty Schwartz from India?
What is it like to own and run a guitar/music shop?
How can you make your singing better?
How much money does Justin Bieber charge to take a selfie with him?
If you could put together a dream band consisting of a vocalist, drummer, bassist, lead and rhythm guitarists, which musicians would you choose & why?
What is the Michael Jackson music video that you (fans only) dislike most?
Who is the singer of the song "Behka Main Behka" from the Ghajini movie?
Can you learn how to riff when you sing or is it a natural talent?
How can I be a popular singer?
As an opera singer who is physically not capable of singing the Italian R, is this a deal breaker?
Which singer from the older generation does Sukhwinder Singh relate to the most?
How do you think Kurt Cobain would feel about all the post-mortem idolization we give him?
Has the SF Bay Area been experiencing a creative brain drain over the decades? How has it changed over the years? Where are all the artists heading?
Who was the best country music artist in the 70s and 80s?
Do singers/rappers feel uncomfortable when they hear their voice/music?
What shouldn’t I eat to become a good singer?
If you were Paul McCartney, who would you respect more, John Lennon or Bob Dylan?
What microphone do you recommend for singers for performance purposes? This is a hobby so I'm trying to keep it economical.
What's one piece of music that is unexpectedly powerful?
Did Michael Jackson subconsciously marry Lisa Marie Presley because she was Elvis' daughter and he wanted to be a king of pop power couple?
Which modern musical pop artists, write their own music?
Can a non gifted singer become a great one with practice?
Is there a musician out here who can explain the difference between a trumpet, a cornet and a flugelhorn?
How do singers stay professional while singing duet songs? Do they really fall in love with each other to get immersed in the song?
What are some examples of famous immigrant singers?
How can I make my carreer in music?
Which of the current generation of actors and musical artists will be remembered in years to come? Real great ones have been dying off regularly.
What do you think about the recent spat between Sonakshi Sinha and other singers regarding the Justin Bieber concert?
Are Indians Halsey fans? Are you?
What are the biggest challenges for angel investors wanting to invest in musicians?
What is Lana Del Rey like in person?
What was the 3rd John Lennon song being recorded by 1996 Beatles for the Anthology?
How do you motivate a vocalist girlfriend?
Why does the use of Auto-Tune correction slightly cut my voice during singing even when I am hitting notes right?
Why do many people like David Bowie so much?
Have you ever met Taylor Swift? What was she like?
Who is the better singer-songwriter - Kabir Suman or Anupam Roy?
Who is the ugliest singer? Barry manilow or lionel Richie?
How much money does a music artist take home, according to online sources?
Why am I drawn to singers with vocals like Lou Reed?
Can anyone identify another youngster with a voice more stunning than Kazakh singer Dimash Kudaibergen?
I am 21 and I want to be a music artist. Is it too late for me to really make a breakthrough in music industry?
As he was composing it, did David Bowie know Blackstar was going to be his last album?
What does Katy do?
Why are musicians richer than technicians?
Who are some female K-Pop solo artists with cool dances?
Is Justin Bieber's upcoming concert in Mumbai overrated?
What are the similarities between Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder?
Should I join a music class, even though I'm over 20 now? Is it possible that I can still be a good singer?
How do Canadians feel about Justin Bieber?
If Elvis were still alive, do you think he would be able to make good music that fits in with today's music?
As a violinist, what level do I need to be to apply to a conservatoire or to have a future as a musician?
Is Justin Bieber a Barca fan?
What were the difference between the Michael Jackson concert in India and Justin Beiber's concert?
How many Paul McCartneys were there?
Why does Justin Bieber have so many dislikes on his music videos?
Do you think Shirley Setia is a good singer?
Is everyone in the music industry on drugs?
What is the best way to help musicians earn money (buy CDs, Spotify and other streaming sites, concerts)?
What is it like to be a professional musician (not as a full-time teacher)?
If a kid wants to a be a celebrity musician and plays music hours a day, what should he do?
Does the Boss ME-80 have amp modelling?
How do I get my singing review?
Are there any professional musicians and sound mixers on Quora?
What musical artist is similar to thundercat?
What synthesizers were used for Michael Jackson's Bad (1987) album?
Who is the Guinness World Record singer in India?
Why didn't famous and very accomplished musicians and singers eventually learn how to read music notation (musical notes) or learn music theory?
Justin Bieber is in India. How are you feeling?
Did Justin Bieber lip sync at his recent concert in India?
Why do John Lennon fans and Paul McCartney fans hate each other?
What should be my first step to be a playback singer?
When you love a song, do you have a tendency to identify with the singer somehow?
How do I sing like I’m British?
Why do even famous musicians seem to run out of songs after a few years? It's like they have a limited supply within them and then they tap it out.
Which is your favourite music band right now?
Why don't American singers like Taylor Swift perform in India?
Would it be better to try to sell music to bands than to try to become a well known musician?
What does it take to be a professional musician in India?
When will my voice stop cracking?
What do you think Taylor Swift’s new album will sound like?
Do you know the singer named Masetti, what do you think of him?
Can you become a good singer with a bad voice?
Did Katy Perry's "Chained to the Rhythm" fell flat?
In movies or TV series, are songs recorded before shooting the scenes or after?
Why did a Vietnamese singer name himself penis in Russian?
Who do you think is the sexiest, cutest, & best artist out of the late Michael Jackson or the late Prince Nelson?
Kanye West, Justin Bieber or Chris Brown: Which celeb is the most controversial?
I never took any singing classes but I can sing really good and everyone says that. Can I go for competitions like Indian Idol or The Voice, etc.?
What is the best platform for recording someone singing, if the person is not using the recording for auditions?
Why do we feel like singing in the bathroom?
What singers are there on Smule?
Are there really some people who cannot sing, or can everyone learn to sing?
As a 17-year-old guy, if I was able to hit an A5 (by screaming the note rather than singing it), does that mean I have the potential to hit it while singing?
For Taylor Swift fans: Would you rather Taylor release a brand NEW single or the original extended version of All Too Well?
Did Future spoil Ariana Grande's “Everyday” with his rap?
Did you attend any Whitney Houston concert from January 1985 to February 1986?
Will it help your career as a musician if you want to hide your identity?
Is there any loss to an existing share holder if a share is split?
Do people see Ariana Grande as a white woman?
Is the singer Susan Jackson popular in the US?
What were jazz musician Jelly Roll Morton contributions to American music?
Will Ariana Grande ever come to India?
Did white artists steal rock and roll from African Americans?
How many octaves do I sing if my low to high notes are E2 to F#5?
What are the 5 overrated mainstream Indian singers of 2015 in YOUR opinion?
Why do singers in Born Again Christian music sound like they are in so much pain?
How do I reach people to ask them to listen to my musical compositions?
Why do musicians get the audience to sing along at live concerts?
Do you love Lana del Rey?
As a classical musician, what are your thoughts on popular music/metal being played by an orchestra?
Would you have enjoyed conversing with Kurt Cobain?
What is the name of a Bollywood singer or a decent band for a college festival within 1 Lakh?
Do people know Ariana Grande was on Broadway before she was famous?
Is there any lullaby song sung by male singer in Hollywood movie?
Are there institutions that support documentation and exchange projects of traditional music/musicians?
What would you say, if a song by Justin Bieber featured Ed Sheeran?
After years of singing, I'll soon be a vocal-music major in high school. How can I pursue my goal to become a professional singer, after I graduate?
Who sings better, Faith Evans or Tamia?
How should I prepare for a show as a solo artist? (Other than find a band)
Is Taylor Swift's girl squad sexist towards males, or is it just feminist?
If Michael Jackson were alive, would he be a billionaire?
Which instruments are used in Ed Sheeran's Galway Girl?
What benefits are there to learning piano as a composer/musician?
What Is a Professional Musician?
What program was in Doordarshan telecast on singing competition on regional languages. where singer has to sing other than his or her mother tongue?
What are some furry musicians you know of?
Did Michael Jackson wear boxers or briefs?
When musicians like Justin Bieber do stupid things and get themselves arrested, does that hurt their careers in any way?
How do I switch into falsetto as a male singer?
Why are musicians more valued in the world compared to other talented people?
Did Michael Jackson like boats?
Who is your favourite Bollywood Singer of all time?
What causes someone to want to be a professional singer?
Why is Bob Marley known for ganja?
Who is the most famous clarinetist of all time?
Do we think that Kurt Cobain being the sole "composer" for Nirvana for the larger part of the band's career held it back?
What do you think about Gary Barlow’s net worth?
Does Taylor Swift have AIDS?
Do singers who could hit high notes when they were young (but can't anymore because they're old) look back on it with nostalgia and wish they still could sing like that?
Who is the singer Zadye Wolf?
Was Michael Jackson a household name in 1971?
Did David Bowie ever have a crush on Mick Ronson?
What type of music do you like and who are your favourite artists?
If Elvis Presley and Johnny Cash were cars, what would they be?
What is the difference between a good violinist and a great one?
How did Glenn Miller die?
What are Indian teens’ opinions of Justin Bieber?
Why doesn’t some famous English band or artist come to Oasis in BITS Pilani?
How would you describe the genius of Roger Waters?
What are some good things for a guitar player to know about?
Who is the youngest and greatest playback singer of India?
Why do singers swing their hands so much?
What does Katy Perry mean by we are all chained to the rythmn?
What is Zakk Wylde's workout routine?
What is the opportunity for a soldier to become a famous singer? I think I have the talent to be a singer.
What do you think about Justin Bieber’s concert and his demands which he kept from the organisers?
Who are some artists that sing Bachata songs?
Why do I like Justin Bieber?
What time should a person practice singing the most?
How can I become the world's most insane guitarist?
What are the opportunities for a guitarist?
How would the current music industry be if Kurt Cobain is alive?
How can I get the songs of French singer Mazal?
Why do my jaws and teeth hurt when I try to sing higher notes?
What causes the skin disease that Michael Jackson had?
Are you all excited about the news that Justin Bieber is going to come to India?
How did Justin Bieber become so popular?
If you could start your life over, what would you want to work on/become, and how would you do it?
Can I sing high notes, if I can lip roll them?
Why does Tracy Tracy, the lead singer of the Primitives, have no Wikipedia page?
How should I practice to become sound singer at the age of 25 ?
Do you know anyone who would help promote talented young musicians?
Who is the best musical artist in 2013?
Which Taylor Swift songs do you like the most?
What's the truth behind Justin Bieber?
Is Yo Yo Honey Singh the person who articulated the song, "Choot Vol. 1"?
Who are some famous music artists present in Quora?
Is my diaphragm supposed to push up or down when sustaining a note?
Why does Justin Bieber have so many haters?
Has Taylor Swift's voice changed since her debut?
Why is Jacob Sartorius known as a bad singer?
If you were John Lennon, what are some things you would have done differently?
When you sing a harmony, do you sing a fixed distance from the notes, or is it diatonic harmony?
How do I sing on stage for the first time?
What is Michael Jackson saying in the background of "Who Is It"?
Have you, as a musician, ever been in an accident in which you lost a finger/hand? What did you do after it happened?
On what level should I put my microphone?
What is your best/worst experience with a rock star or any famous musician?
Why are classical musicians super concerned on pitch accuracy?
Who's better, Katy Perry or Ellie Goulding? Why?
How do artists, musicians, composers and other creatives manage financially on a day-to-day basis in the Silicon Valley/SF Bay Area?
Name some Bollywood singers who are not trained professionally but are still successful in singing any type of songs in Bollywood.
How can Jim Morrison, an unprofessional singer, sing so good?
What are your favorite Kpop groups/singers?
Are you in musical.ly? Do you know any talented people worth following?
What are some good tips for someone who wants to be a famous singer? Or at least have a good job as one?
Do people like Parineeti Chopra's song "Maana ke Hum yaar Nahin"? What is the general opinion of actors who also sing? Does that make singers insecure?
Can someone with an average voice become a singer?
I am a singer and am planning to settle down in Shimla. Is it a good idea?
What does Lil Yachty’s new album represent?
Why do people think Justin Bieber can sing?
What would be a good name for "Julia Hucaluk" as an actor/singer?
Who is the singer Gitanjali Rai?
Did Aman Goel (from IIT Bombay CSE) attend Justin Bieber's concert?
What are the singers with most perfect diction?
What do people think of Justin Bieber saying that he is the Kurt Cobain of this generation?
Why do the general public hate certain musicians (e.g Nickelback, Bieber, Chainsmokers..)? What's the reason and what is the appeal in that?
Which artists from this decade will stand the test of time?
What is your current "earworm"?
What do you think of Taylor Swift?
Will Paul McCartney ever let his hair go grey?
How much would an average fan be prepared to spend on a unique copy of his favorite artist's rare take?
Why do some live artists let the crowd sing the best parts?
What are the the recommended English artists and bands since 2010?
What is the music video that features a lot of roots and ropes that emerge from the floor and bind the musicians while they are playing?
Why do you like singing?
What are some of the best singer/songwriter albums of the 90's?
What is Michael Jackson’s best song?
How many times does an artists' music need to be streamed before it would equal what the artist would make by selling one album?
Are there famous singers who do not know how to read music?
Why can't James Hetfield sing like how he used to?
Which is the best astrological combination for becoming a singer?
What is syncopation, and how would you learn to hear it?
What happened between Michael Jackson and Brooke Shields?
Who is the female singer of the Beyhadh serial song Tujhe Pyaar Karate Karte?
Is Travis Barker the best drummer in the world?
Did Paul McCartney write his best lyrics when Jane Asher was being mean to him?
I like Ed Sheeran, Coldplay and James Blunt. Are there any similar artists/bands I might like?
What genre is Paco de Lucía's "Entre dos aguas"?
How should an aspiring professional musician manage his/her time while working a day job?
Are there any singers on Quora? How good can you sing?
Why aren't Indian independent singers given a proper chance to flourish in international music?
What do you see as the major stumbling blocks for independent artists in the music industry?
What is the biggest range possible for a female vocalist? What is the vocal range for a "spinto" voice type?
Do you hate Justin Bieber after realising what he did at the concert in India?
What are some of Bobby DeBarge's major accomplishments as a musician?
Which music artist's new album are you highly anticipating this year?
How would you make money from musicians?
Is it really hard to make it as an established singer in Bollywood?
What is the minimum size an ensemble would be for a conductor to be required, or at least helpful?
Why did Michael Jackson look so creepy after his surgery?
Where will the Justin Bieber concert be held in India?
Why do singers write songs for other singers instead of using them for themselves?
What do you think of György Cziffra as a pianist?
Do musicians listen to their own music regularly?
What is the best song of Bieber?
How can I learn to sing well?
How do I become a professional singer in India?
Would you rather be a great musician, athlete, scientist, artist, politician, or writer?
Who is your favorite jazz musician?
Who is the best singer of Tollywood at the moment?
Who do you like better, Ed Sheeran or Bruno Mars?
How can I improve my singing voice without lessons?
Who is your favorite a cappella singer/vocal band and why?
If a band has an ASCAP license to perform music in public, does the bar they play in have to have an ASCAP license as well (in the U.S.)?
Did Justin Bieber really lip sync at his concert in Mumbai?
Is Nithin Sawhney the greatest Indian musician of this generation?
Why does the English version of Enrique's Bailando have fewer views than the Español version?
What did Bob Marley say about life?
Why did so many musicians in the 50s - 70s sing their version of a song that was popular back then?
Where do all the Kanye West studio session short videos come from?
How can I make women go crazy over me like they do Justin Bieber, don't say I got to be famous or rich either?
How tall is David Bowie?
When was Justin Rodriguez (Justin Rodz), founder of Rodz Productions born?
How would a professional music reviewer critique Jackie Evancho as a crossover classical singer?
How did Michael Jackson get discovered?
Where can I find more information about Stefanie Sun, who is a singer from Singapore?
Did Justin Bieber steal Ed Sheeran's song “Love Yourself”?
Why are lower sounds considered more "powerful" in music, voices…?
Who is paying all the money for the Justin Bieber concert in India?
Who are some of the most emotional classical pianists?
What is the meaning of "Michael Douglas" in the music of singer João Brasil’s success known as "Nunca Mais Eu Vou Dormir?
Who are the members of the band Gorillaz?
As a musician, how important is it to go back and listen to older music?
What is the thinking of a singer?
Does being a musician and a "creative" thinker make your programming learning harder?
What are some resources or conventions for unsigned singers?
Which musical artist and/or band made the biggest impact in the music industry in the 20th century?
How important is it for a professional opera singer to be advanced at music theory?
Can I be able to follow Justin Bieber on Quora?
In what accent did The Beatles sing their songs?
Is it normal to only listen to David Bowie?
What are the basic audio enhancement features and concepts a musician should know for stage performance? (Special preferences to bansuri)
Do you know of any accomplished artists, musicians, or writers who are the oldest among siblings?
What is the most influential music event?
Why did Dave Matthews band start playing songs from Matthews' 2003 solo album "Some Devil" on tour?
How can I verify Facebook musician/band page?
Are there too many singers in the world?
Why do singers have earphones in their ears while they sing?
Can Rihanna surpass the overall best selling record of The Beatles?
What are some famous musicians from New York?
Did Michael Jackson attempt to escape his family?
What would the kid of Katy Perry and Justin Bieber look like?
How much money would The Beatles gross on tour?
Is there anybody who would be able to make me a rap beat? I want it to have an angry and sad emotional vibe.
What happened to the lead singer of the Manic Street Preachers, who disappeared?
Who owns Selena Quintanilla’s music?
How can I become an EDM female singer?
Are singers like Yo Yo Honey Singh and Badshah overrated in India?
Why did Justin Bieber stay just for 22 hours in India?
Why do many classical musicians act superior to other musicians?
Who are the most popular Japanese music artists and bands in China?
Should I quit singing?
What happened to talented musicians?
Why are all the most famous opera singers tenors and sopranos?
How do professional musicians learn to really groove along to a click track, rather than just play along like most musicians do?
Who are the top 20 black British soul singers of all time?
What country is the best country in the world in terms of the best musicians?
I can sing well. What should I do to sing better?
Why do people act like women are attracted to musicians?
Do street musicians get taxed?
Between Bruno Mars and The Weeknd, who is more similar to Michael Jackson?
How much do record labels consider talent when signing new musicians?
How did the Beatles contribute to and influence the music industry? What impact did they have socially and commercially?
Who can be regarded as the greatest American singer of all times: Michael Jackson or Elvis Presley?
What can a person do to become a great musician?
Who are the popular English singers with actually terrible voices?
Which modern singers have the best tenor voice?
Do you listen to Croatian singers?
Would Michael Jackson still be alive if he never died?
Can I become a good playback singer if I study MBBS?
Why was Justin Bieber's India concert ticket rate Rs 70k?
Who was the best singer in the group Highway Men? Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings or the other 2 guys?
Did the quality of Paul McCartney and John Lennon’s songwriting drop after the breakup of The Beatles?
Why couldn’t Justin Bieber make it in India from his live concert held a few days back?
What are some good oriental artists?
Is Jai Prakash India's Justin Bieber?
Are there any singers that have been judged as bad then become good at singing?
Who are your favorite YouTube cover singers?
What sort of education should I provide to my child who has interest in singing? (keeping in mind her career as a singer or teacher in this field).
Where was David Gold (lead vocalist of Woods of Ypres) buried?
How do top level performing musicians do intense two and three hour sets night after night without being taken out of commission by injuries?
When a singer releases an album, does he already know which songs will be successful?
Are popular singers like Armaan, Arijit, Papon responsible for directing their bands in their concert? Or special music directors are appointed?
Who is the oldest singer to sing a pop song?
What music streaming sites are the key platforms that musicians should have an active presence on in 2017?
Name any music video in which narrator/singer burns lyrics.
What do you think about Justin Beiber?
Is Ed Sheeran a white nationalist?
Who is the richest Bollywood singer?
What is the difference between a real jazz musician and one that "fakes" it?
Who is passing test of time the best among The Beatles, Elvis, and Michael Jackson?
How can I watch a Justin Bieber concert in India live from home?
Have you ever accidentally bitten your tongue while singing live?
Has any other musician ever had a bomb go off at one of their concerts? If so, how did it affect their career?
Is it normal to be frustrated that your favorite artist doesn't get the recognition they deserve?
What do you think about Chrissy Costanza?
Who are the lyricists and musicians in the Babul Ki Duayen Leti Ja song?
Where is the best place to meet musicians in Minnesota, USA?
What can I do to work for a pop singer?
Can anyone sing at the level of Frank Sinatra?
Which Chinese singer do you like best?
What are some other songs like Slow Dancing in the Burning Room?
Why did Elvis Presley become such a controversial figure?
Who is the biggest music artist on Earth right now?
What are the names of some of the Chinese singers?
Do most people who takes singing classes try their hand at a singing career?
Is Layne Staley actually an emotional singer?
What genre is saving all my love for you? (Whitney Houston)
How do some music artists become popular even though they don't make good music?
Who is your favourite musician or band who play(s) a genre of music you don't normally listen to?
Who is a handsome male Bollywood singer?
How do I know what key to tell other musicians that the song is in?
How was Nushrat Fateh Ali Khan Saheb able to hit very high notes for such a long time? Was it his natural ability or continuous practice?
Is Sean Lennon a good musician?
Does a band/musician receive money every time one of their songs is played on Pandora/Amazon music/Spotify, etc.?
What song has been covered/recorded by the largest number of different artists of all time?
Did many older girls and women fancy Michael Jackson when he was young?
How much does Bollywood singer Mohammed Irfan charges for performing at a wedding?
Does 'Loving You' by Minnie Riperton contain the highest note ever sung by a pop singer? Or can anyone name a song with a higher note?
Why would Kurt Cobain kill himself since he loved his daughter so much?
Is there is any type of music study that will help me to become a singer?
Does anyone agree with me that Michael Jackson is alive and that he had to arrange a new beginning for his own sanity?
In what way was Bach’s career similar to or different from a musician today?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Are there anymore singers like Saloma in Malaysia?
What are some possible jobs within the music industry if one does not have a music degree (besides performing)?
How do rock and heavy metal singers get that hoarse and husky voice of theirs?
Do you think Ed Sheeran cries a lot in his private life?
What musical artists today will stand the test of time, like the Beatles or Elvis?
Who is Keane's lead singer?
What fach is called for a baritone who can sing both phrases? A voice which lies between lyric and dramatic, like spinto tenor or soprano.
What is the best place to find good, experienced, seasoned, and like-minded musicians to form a band in Delhi/NCR?
What were the factors that lead to the success of The Beatles?
Do you think Selena Gomez will abandon Taylor Swift if she ever gets involved with drugs or gets arrested?
Why does A R Rahman no longer include singers (Shankar Mahadevan, Hariharan, etc.) from his yesteryear albums in his latest ventures?
Who are the most famous singers in Vietnam?
Who is the most talented pop star: Bruno Mars, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, or Zayn Malik?
What are some legitimate opinions about Kurt Cobain's death being performed/planned by his wife?
Who killed Selena?
Who is best classical singer in India?
Did Madonna excommunicate herself latae sententiae?
For people who were there, what was Nirvana like live? Or Kurt Cobain in person?
Do light music singers feel bad about not being exponents in classical music, and vice versa?
I want my boyfriend to try his career in singing. Where should I ask him to go in Delhi?
Do you know of any black female lead rock singers?
What are some good songs from Taylor Swift and Florida-Georgia Line?
What are some ways to build a singing career?
What would happen if a music artist got sick before their concert and couldn't sing?
How did psychedelic music influence the development of musical structure?
What did Paul McCartney think of John Lennon as a musician, singer and songwriter?
What does Taylor Swift's mom do?
Who are your favourite singers? Why? Is it important to adore them?
Did Steve Perry take singing lessons?
Who are Quora's top classical musicians?
Why do Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift have so many fans?
How do I find people to play music with that are as artistic as I am?
Are there any modern day low tenor singers?
Why won't U2 or Bruce Springsteen tour in Asia?
How come I sing better without music than with it?
Is musical or artistic talent genetic, or is it a learned ability?
Why does Bruce Springsteen's voice sound so different on the song "Hungry Heart" than on his other well-known songs?
Why did recording artists start dropping albums instead of releasing them?
Who are the upcoming artists and singers in Indian music industry?
Who's the bigger star, Lennon or McCartney?
What are the criteria of valuability of academic singing?
Is there a website where I can put in a band’s name and find out how much they made on tour last year?
Is Lana Del Rey depressing?
Was Amy Winehouse the Kurt Cobain of her time?
What is the best marketing strategy for Indie Musicians in Indonesia?
Why did Justin Bieber lip-sync in his live performance at Bombay?
How do I book a Carnatic musician for an event and how much do they charge typically?
Who'd win in a fight to the death, Michael Jackson or Prince? Why?
Do all great musicians (at some point) like the Grateful Dead?
At what tempo can something still be called music?
Does Steve Aoki speaks Japanese? If yes, how good would that be?
Do you even think MJ was the best ever singer?
What are songs like Elvis Presley’s It's Now Or Never?
How is Justin Bieber changing the world?
What are your views about Justin Bieber's concert that recently happened, in Mumbai, India?
What are some singers with special voice?
Who is Ritesh Pandey?
Have you ever fallen back in love with a musical instrument after you switched to something else?
Which Nirvana song comes closest to expressing Kurt Cobain's personality?
I want to sing well. What should I do?
Why is Arijit Singh so magical and irreplaceable?
Which rock stars famously overdosed on drugs?
Why does Cecilia Bartoli not sing at the Met Opera any more?
Who are the singers or bands most infamously known for stealing songs from other artists?
Is Angus Young a good guitarist?
What are the best vocal training softwares for singers available online for free dowonload?
What is a musician extraordinaire?
How much is Jazz music popular in India?
Can you suggest musicians who compose like Charles-Valentin Alkan?
Who are the best singers for Punjabi songs?
Did the original "Paul McCartney" really leave the Beatles?
What is your least favourite song by your favourite musician?
Is Mohammad Rafi's son a singer?
Why do singers seem to get the most attention out of everyone in a band?
Can a person sue Justin Bieber for lip syncing at his concert in India? I mean doesn't the money paid by the audience have any value at all?
What is the name of the drummer with Kurt Hugo Schnieder?
Generally, people don't like their own recorded voice. What about singers? What do they feel about their own voice?
Was Chuck Berry the first musician to create a primordial kind of version of fangirls and fanboys?
Would Taylor Swift make a great Bachelorette? Why or why not?
Would Johnny Cash be one of the top 5 best classic country singers?
Why have some prominent musicians stopped producing albums in favour of singles? What does it say about the music industry at large?
Where can I find sheet music for "Michael in the bathroom" from the musical "Be more chill"?
Why do people generally not like the greatest hits of their favourite artist most of all?
If Beyonce wasn't an entertainer, what would she be doing? Would she be in fashion design?
Why do certain artists demean the essence of sex in music?
Why were the Bollywood singers lip syncing at the Radio Mirchi Music Awards?
What is the best Paul McCartney & Wings song?
What was the music style in the 1980s like? Were there influential artists?
Can I be a pop singer with bass female voice?
What kind of relation did Paul McCartney and John Lennon have between 1969 and 1989?
Is it known when Taylor Swift wrote “I Knew You Were Trouble” with Max Martin?
Do you have some background information about Michael Jackson's song "Best of Joy"? Was it dedicated to his kids? I personally love it so much.
Which tango musicians would you recommend to others to listen to?
Why do you like Ed Sheeran?
Why does a western pop singer wear tarnished jeans, and a backwards cap whereas an Indian classical singer wears a pajama kurta, dhoti and remains very calm?
Why do most rock musicians have straight hair? Can we relate it to their musical talent?
Was Frank Sinatra a good singer?
How do musicians decide what instrument they want to play?
If I am Taylor Swift, what questions would you like to ask me?
Would John Lennon have done good in the 90s if he hadn't been murdered?
Why are good singers good-looking?
How can I sing better like Justin Bieber?
How can Taylor Swift recover her public image after her bad press last summer?
Did Michael Jackson dislike dirty air (filth)?
What is Lady Gaga's impact to the world?
What is the sad thing about anime that makes you feel sorry for other people?
Are there any French singers who have performed live who are similar to Jacques Brel?
Are there any famous non-feminist female singers?
What gadgets are required for an electric guitar?
How will women treat me if I become a mega star like Justin Bieber and Michael Jackson?
How much do artists make on groove music?
What do Barbadians think about Rihanna?
Is Elvis Presley short for Pelvis Presley?
Which music school is the best for songwriter and singers?
How do those small singer earn money?
Who shot Punjabi singer surjeet bindrakhia?
Is 'Shape of You' by Ed Sheeran's best song to date?
How well do you think George Michael’s voice had aged?
Why do people often make fun of Justin Bieber's feminine charm?
Who are some singers with sensual/warm voices?
Would you rather be a musician or a tech CEO?
Who were the musicians who recorded Diana Ross's "Upside Down?"
What artists are at the intersection of classical and electronic?
Why are some of the most famous singers not on vevo?
What is the best tablet for performing musicians?
Are there other Indian musicians like Nithin Sawhney?
How do I become a great Indian classical singer like Sonu Nigam?
Do you train your extrinsic laryngeal muscles to become a better singer?
Why do we have to wait until the year 2027 before we can see Elvis Presley's biopsy?
In what scale, major or minor, does Lana Del Rey usually write her songs?
Are famous actors and musicians more informed about world events and politics than regular people?
Where can I find a list of modern rap singers?
What's the point of learning guitar, if you know you won't be a musician?
If you could go back in time and see any band or musician, dead or alive, perform in person, who would you choose to see and why?
Is reni a good drummer?
What should Indians learn from Justin Bieber's visit to India?
Why do some musicians tune their instruments to 432Hz? Is there any legitimate benefit to it?
What are some keys in singing lessons?
How are World Cup singers chosen?
What is Japanese singer Rimi Natsukawa like in real life?
Is Paul McCartney still playing live just to please the fans?
Who choreographed Justin Bieber's concert in India?
I am a singer, how can I earn money?
Is it easier having deaf neighbors, since they won't complain about noise?
If Michael Jackson were still alive, would he be at billionaire status as of 2017?
Why do I sing so out of tune?
Does the famous singer Udit Narayan have two wives?
Why did Paul McCartney sue the Beatles?
Is there any musician of Ilaiyaraaja's calibre in India?
How can I learn to sing like a Turkish singer?
Did the movie Mimi with Al Green ever get released?
What do the things that Lana Del Rey mentions in her songs, have in common?
Should Michael Jackson still be alive?
Who is the best musician, AR Rahman or Ilaiyaraja?
Who are some of the best vocalists alive?
Who is the best singer in India in 2017?
Did Michael Jackson have a true sleep disorder, or was he really just hooked on any drugs he could get ahold of?
What are the perks of marrying a singer?
Is Taylor Swift dating Charles Zhang?
What would happen with media entertainment if Ariana Grande look like Marlyn Monroe and sing like Jo Stafford?
In your opinion, what are the essential qualities a drummer needs in order to be a very good jazz drummer?
Can you sing while bathing?
Are there any singers with dramatic soprano voices in pop music?
Where can I find management or record companies that work with world music artists?
Is Bobby Brown, the singer, still alive?
Will Justin Bieber's concert in Mumbai be shown live in any site?
What are the best apps for discovering new musicians?
I heard this instrumental Indian track a while ago but neither do I know the name of the song nor the female singer who sang it. How do I find it?
What are some useful habits I should develop as a musician?
Has Thomas Anders (real name: Bernd Weidung), the lead singer of Modern Talking, ever had hypertension? How high is his blood pressure?
What does taking the front panel of an upright piano do to it in terms of durability?
Does James Corden hate Taylor Swift?
Are there any other musicians who are being falsely claimed to own your music copyrights by The Orchard Music?
How much censorship do Hong Kong musicians face?
Why can I not sing high notes in tune? How to fix that?
Which musicians had the most difficult or tragic lives?
How do musicians currently collaborate with other musicians?
How do you sing like Dodie Clark?
Do Indian singers even use auto tune?
Which single musician/band best represents each decade starting from 1920s?
Is Adele a better singer than Beyoncé?
How does Night Lovell edit his vocals?
Why do singers sing almost only using mixed voice?
What is the best music app for specific artists?
Is Beyonce a singer or a performer?
What do music artists have in their ears during concerts?
Who is a popular actor or musician whose work you don’t like?
Can you become a billionaire as well as a musician?
How can I look more like Justin Bieber?
Can a music composer claim copyrights to his music and prevent other singers from using his songs on their tour?
Which male singers rocked long hair?
How should I approach starting a band, and how should I recruit new members?
Would Janet Jackson be as successful if she wasn't Michael Jackson's sister?
Is it possible to keep one's singing high forever?
Can melodyne make you a good singer for pop music?
What is your favorite David Bowie year?
How do you book a pop singer for a concert?
Why is Honey Singh, AKA Yoyo Honey Singh, considered characterless?
What do you think of the new Texas album?
Who is the best singer in Shimla?
Where is Taylor Swift? Why is she not releasing any music album?
Which independent singer/songwriters on piano would you recommend?
What is the name for a musician?
Are there any musicians who hate the majority/all of their own music?
Is it appropriate to sing Christian songs at a public high school chorus concert?
How can I stop squeaking on the clarinet? (See the description.)
Who is a better singer, Arijit Singh or Sonu Nigam?
For a grade 4 exam (AMEB), can you play a prelude with the pedal on?
Are there any good openings in the music industry in Melbourne? Is there any chance of settling down in Australian music industry?
Which version of the song 'Enchanted' is better according to you, the original by Taylor Swift or the one sung by Owl City’s singer, Adam young?
Was Michael Jackson a germaphobe?
How do I find and commission a musician to produce music for my Visual novel game?
Was Michael Jackson a racist?
Is Tom Scholtz, of the band Boston, one of the greatest musicians ever?
How often should a new unestablished artist play live?
Who were the favorite singers of your grandparents?
What do you think of Lana Del Rey's new song "Love"?
Was Elvis Presley a great musician?
If a person never heard music/someone singing, would they be able to discover that they could sing although they don't know what singing is?
Who is your favorite Indian singer? Tell me at least 5 songs from that singer you like?
What was Michael Jackson's religion?
In Bollywood, which singer has the ability to sing tough song?
How can one become an ‘established’ songwriter?
Do you think it would be better if a rock guitarist wore glasses or did not wear prescription glasses?
So if I wanted to become an actor or musician, would I have to sell my soul?
Who were more versatile, Kishore Kumar and Rafi or Elvis Presley and Freddie Mercury?
Is Ilaiyaraaja right in asking for royalty from singers who sing his song for money?
To a musician looking to make it big what advice would you give?
Why is Ariana Grande considered among the top sexiest women?
Why was there such a manhunt for Michael Jackson? It's clear now that he was innocent and planted the weird stories himself during the Bad era.
How about Chrissy Costanza?
Why are men with deeper speaking voices stereotyped as good singers although that is not necessarily true?
Why do we tend to sing while bathing?
I'm looking for a free drum software that I can use with my keyboard. What would you recommend?
How do kids start a band?
Is it late to become a good opera singer?
How do bands know how to keep in time with the singer?
How can I be mobile musician with my heavy equipment?
Is Taylor Swift the most beautiful singer in Hollywood?
Would you sleep with Michael Jackson (not making love)?
How many hours a week do professional musicians practice/work on their craft?
How would life have unfolded for Kurt Cobain had he been born in India?
Is the Olivia Park in Katy Perry's "Chained To The Rhythm" real?
What would Jim Morrison have thought of Kurt Cobain?
As a long-time musician from a medium-sized Southwestern city, what are the best ways to find members for a band?
Should I focus on composing instrumental music instead, if my voice isn't good enough to match the vocal part of my compositions?
Where do websites get the paparazzi photos from?
Can I become a pop singer (female) in the USA if I am Italian? How?
People claim that Michael Jackson's IQ was of 164. But how did people know of this?
Who were the popular singers in the 1950s?
Why did Ed Sheeran cast Jennie Pegouskie in 'Shape of You'?
What do professional musicians think of the per stream payment rates offered by Spotify and YouTube?
What does it mean to be a track singer?
Should I learn how to play a musical instrument?
Was the musician Old Dirty Bastard really dirty?
What is the best way to manouver the music industry?
What countries don't like the Beatles?
How do I become a musician while studying?
Who's voice has more emotion when singing, Adele or Sia?
Should I buy Yamaha YPG-235 portable grand piano for learning purpose?
What are the main reasons why so many aging rock musicians stay so slender?
How does Ariana Grande feel about the Manchester bombings?
I'm a big fan of Uma Mohan and her divine spiritual music collection. Is there anyway I can possibly connect with her?
What caused Kanye West to cancel concert dates a few month ago?
Who are the well-known Russian pop singers currently?
Who is most underrated singer in the industry?
Is A.R. Rahman the most overrated musician of all time?
Did Michael Jackson truly speak badly about Jews?
What are your favourite bands currently?
Why does Justin Bieber dislike The Weeknd?
Does a singer become famous after going to IIT?
Is it true that Justin Bieber once peed on his fans in a live concert?
How popular are Polish singers worlwide?
What are some of the most successful Honduran singers of all times?
Any famous artist/group who uses Reaper to record?
Is it worth it to go to an Ariana Grande concert these days?
Whose voice you'd choose from Christina Aguilera and Ariana Grande if you got a chance to make it yours?
Is the money that famous musicians make loans to their record label deals or is it that the musicians can keep?
If your favorite singer turned out to be a pervert psychopath, would you still listen to his works?
Who were some Indian celebrities who attended Justin Bieber’s India tour?
Did Justin Bieber go for music classes?
What are some very hard songs to sing?
I have a table at a jazz bar at 5pm but the music doesn't start till 6:30. Is it okay to stay at my table till the music starts?
Why is the talented musician John Moreland not more well known?
Why do other people unconsciously start singing to themselves when I sing?
Why was Canadian reggae musician Snow not able to have more commercially successful albums after the his first album release "12 Inches of Snow"?
My voice is too loud for choir. How do I quiet down a bit so that my voice isn't overtaking the choir?
Why do singers 'featured' in songs tend to sing more than the 'owner'?
Did Justin Bieber ever talked trash about India?
Which pianist played Adele's Hello?
What is the reason top artist like Justin Beiber, MJ, Coldplay do concerts in Mumbai only?
Why have instrumentalists and orchestras improved so much in technique and accuracy and yet singers have gotten more " general " and freewheeling in matters of accurate pitch, attacks & releases, etc.?
Does it take more talent being a musician, or a filmmaker?
How did Corey Taylor become the lead vocalist of Stone Sour and Slipknot?
Do you think it’s justified that star kids will perform with Justin Bieber and not singers?
Is it real news that Justin Bieber lip synced in a concert in India?
Are there any social networks dedicated for Musicians?
What can I do to make you stop for a few minutes to listen to my music? What would you be interested in a new artist in general?
Why do people fan girl or fan guy over musicians and actors?
Who is attending Justin Bieber's concert in India?
Who is the best musician in popular music?
Who writes the lyrics and melodies to features for the songs released by major, well known artists? Is it the feature, the primary artist, or another?
What did Elvis Presley contribute?
Have you met a singer?
When making a new song, what position is best for a capo?
Which song of Lana Del Rey you like more?
Who is/was the better instrumentalist - Stevie Wonder or Prince?
How do guys like Justin Bieber and Cameron Dallas have perfect skin?
Michael Jackson is credited as the most successful artist of all time. If Phil Collins’s solo career was combined with his Genesis career, how would he compare?
What are the best ways for a non-musician to understand music theory in general?
Should musicians take requests from fans to do covers of other artistes?
How do blind musicians manage to keep themselves in business?
Why do jazz stations still play Ella and Sinatra when there are so many better singers without commercial appeal (e.g., Tom Lellis)?
How can new vocal talent come into the music industry?
Is it really that hard to become a singer?
Is it really long at the top when you are successful like Michael Jackson?
Who is the greatest K-Pop songwriter today?
What album do you love, but, for whatever reason, only listen to once or twice a year?
Who are the most influential guitarists?
What is "Love Me Harder" by Ariana Grande about?
What do you think of a relationship between Kurt Cobain and Lana Del Rey?
Can a bad singer become a good singer?
Why does Danielle Cohn attempt to sing?
Why do I sing good when I sing without music but then bad with music?
What should I wear for a Justin Bieber concert in summer?
Who is the best rock drummer ever?
What are the singing muscles you need to train to be as good of a singer as Whitney Houston?
Was Michael Jackson sometimes or all the time afraid of his fans with him being so skinny?
Why don't Céline Dion or Adele have an accent when singing?
How do musicians think of thier songs? How do they find the right tone and for how long?
How did Michael Jackson learn about the allegations in 2003 and 1993?
How much emotion do musicians in orchestras allow themselves to feel, when playing a really moving piece of music?
Why does Bollywood copy songs and music of other singers?
Is there an online platform that connects music artist with brands?
How well known is the singer Bahaa Al Yousef in Syria?
Has there anyone who at any point was globally more famous than Michael Jackson during his peak?
Who are all the members of the Randy Travis Band?
Why do people think Jon Cotner is Elvis?
Are songs by artists such as Ed Sheeran genuinely emotional, or do the lyrics simply buy into the listener's sentimentality?
Is endorsing a dubious singer/artist by listening to their song wrong?
Do any rappers cover any Bob Dylan songs?
I am pursuing a degree in Biology Education, but I keep thinking I'd be happier as an art/music student. What should I do?
Is Justin Bieber the biggest celebrity to ever visit India? Because I've never seen so much fuss about anyone else.
How can I hire a talented person that have links with the dancers, singers, painters etc.?
Why does Ariana Grande make most of her videos indoors with the same color lights and if she goes outdoors, it would be at night?
Musicians: how do you read music, intervals or notes?
Which singer will I follow? How do I find out?
What are some Chinese pop songs & singers that incorporate Soviet/Russian musical style?
Is it true that singers are not supposed to confuse brightness with resonance?
Why don't music singles come with instrumentals anymore?
There has been a lot of comedians who have become successful actors, but not so many musicians, why is that?
Which Iranian singers are known in your country?
Is Snapchat a relevant or important platform for promotion for musicians?
Do any other musicians hear a song that's so good that it makes you want to stop making music?
What do great classical musicians think about transposing/ arranging orchestra scores for small groups or solo instruments?
Why do you think that there are not any Asian artists in grime music?
Who is the female singer in Fabrizio de Andre's song "Khorakhane"? Does she have anymore songs?
Who are/were the best musicians in SVNIT?
How does the famous singer Leslie Cheung come across in America?
Is Paul McCartney proud of the fact that he is British?
Why would a Smule singer unfollow another singer?
Do Pakistani Hindustani-classical singers sing bhajans in Pakistan?
What is like to attend an Ed Sheeran concert?
Now that music sales are down, how can musicians who play original music find new income streams?
What’s the probability of raising the vocal range by more than two/three semitones?
Who gets more money, singers or composers?
What are your favorite low-budget songs and musicians who do not have ties with Hollywood?
How do you clear your voice for singing?
Did Blake Shelton break up with Gwen Stefani?
What are the differences between a strict, perfectionist and a free minded musicians?
What instruments are featured in I Don't Wanna live Forever by Zayn and Taylor Swift?
What do singers do when they get sick and cannot perform?
Is there any production software that adjusts the highs and lows of a mix to play more comfortably for the majority of systems and headphones?
If you can 'steal' someone else's voice, which singer/person would you choose?
What's the best remedy for a sore throat just days before a performance?
What is the furthest you can go with Ed Sheeran’s influence?
How much do music artists really earn?
What does a manager for music artists do?
What's the sexiest music video ever?
Why do my favourite singers all die so young?
Can singing with guitar earn money from YouTube?
Which musicians are way overrated?
How do superstar musicians travel on tour?
Do you need a permit to busk in Boston?
Tobu is one of my favorite artists. What type of music does he make?
Which guitar does Ed Sheeran plays in his videos?
What will be the best Instagram hashtags for Indian cover singers to connect with music directors and grab some opportunities?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Why do few people aspire to major in music, even though well-established musicians earn a pretty big income?
Do Indian male singers have female counterparts? If yes, can you list them?
What emotion does a David Bowie music arouse in you?
Who are the best singers in English?
Is the singer Johnny Cash still alive?
What truly makes a band able to succeed, musically? What is behind the rise to fame?
Is there such a thing as New Age jazz? If so, who are its main artists and what are its musical characteristics?
Who is your favorite African singer?
Is there any singer with both a beautiful female voice and male voice?
How ethical was the Z+ security provided by taxpayer money to Justin Bieber while he was busy placing an order at Starbucks on his way to his Mumbai concert?
What must one do to have the opportunity to sing with the Gaithers, or with a similar group?
Who are some good, not well-known alternative artists?
Did guitarists in the 1940s tend to stand still while they performed?
Do you know Chinese musician Li Jian? What do you think of him?
How do you rate the Indian rock band Sifar and it's lead vocalist Amit Yadav?
Can boys like Justin beiber?
How tall was John Lennon?
What French singer springs to your mind first?
If a person sings English songs well and has a desire to be a Hollywood singer, what are the opportunities for him/her?
Why do people like/follow certain singers/bands?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
What's the message in Katy Perry's new single "Chained to the Rhythm"?
Why there are no famous bands, musicians, and even singers that want to hold concerts in China?
Would it be good/acceptable to sing in a different accent than the one I have?
Do musicians ever consider studio editing as cheating?
Is a 'good singer' only defined by whether they can hit the right notes?
Should musicians become scientists too?
Why does Mark Ronson let other people sing, yet he is the one getting popular?
How do I strengthen my higher chest in singing?
Which kpop singer do you like best?
Any eight folk singers of Nepal?
What do successful musicians do differently than unsuccessful ones?
Can I sue Justin Bieber because I paid to hear live music and not lip sync?
Does shouting out loud actually​ damage a singer’s voice?
What would classical musicians think about modern crossover artists, like the Vitamin String Quartet, 2CELLOS, Lindsey Stirling, etc.?
Do you know about Taylor Swift’s favorite things?
Why do musicians need record labels?
What was the sadness like after John Lennon died in 1980?
If a man and a woman both sing at D2, does their gender become indistinguishable through their voice?
What is the best (effective, low-cost) sound proofing solution for a musician in a rental home?
Why does the conductor not always stick to the conducting pattern for the time signature of the piece they are conducting?
I love singing a lot, but I have problems with high notes. What do I do?
How big was Elvis?
Who was David Bowie looking for in his swan song Lazarus?
What are the best things to do to become a better singer?
What are the laws surrounding Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan’s music?
How old do you have to be to be a country singer?
Do musicians need to be highly sociable?
Why do some musicians tour with dummy gear?
What are bands/music artists similar to Die Antwoord?
Is it possible to learn how to sing as good as singers without natural talent?
Why does "philosopher" sound pretentious as a self-description, but not necessarily, say, "historian" or "musician"?
Can I make it in the pop music industry by singing low notes a lot?
Michael​ Jackson died at the age of 50, as did Elvis Presley. Both were the "King of Pop" - coincidence or conspiracy?
What are some of the most common or notorious tricks that unscrupulous record labels use to take advantage of naive musicians?
Is Ariana Grande mean?
Do singers get forced by there manager to create explicit music videos or do they choose to do that themselves?
How can a beginner improve his voice for singing?
Would you rather be the world's 1000th best guitarist, 500th best pianist, 100th best saxophonist, or 50th best cellist?
What are things you can do to become a better singer?
Would anybody like to sing any of my songs?
Were Elvis and Priscilla related?
Who played Mike's girlfriend in Sing?
What was so abusive about the relationship between Blake Fielder and Amy Winehouse?
Why are all national anthems seem so depressing, why can't can't they make it happy and cheerful?
Have you seen this frank interview by Ed Sheeran about his journey to stardom?
Does Bollywood really need many songs from rappers than melodious singers?
How do I Get Tickets for Justin Bieber Australia tour 2017?
How do game companies hire musicians to make music for a game?
How can drummers protect their ears?
Are the artists visible in the concerts or you can just listen to them?
I am a vocalist in India, and I am planning to work on a metal song with operatic vocals. Symphonic metal is very niche here. How can I make this track special?
How long does one need to become a professional pianist?
What is a good stage name for a female singer?
What happened to Honey Singh? Why is he not active nowadays?
Which singers are best for hip-hop?
What do Turks and Azerbaijanis think of Philipp Kirkorov?
Which cities have the best opportunities for a jazz musician who is starting his career?
What skills should I have before I can consider myself an intermediate guitarist?
Who are some of the best-known printmaker artists?
Is there any band who really needs a female singer and songwriter? I am Indian and don’t have much money. Is there any band who needs me?
What type of guitar would you choose to get?
Is it possible for anyone to become a great singer?
Who do you think is a better singer, Diljit Dosanjh or Armaan mallik? Don't consider looks or any other aspects.
What will Kanye West be doing when he is 80 years old?
How do singers decide how to sing covers?
Where can I find David Bowie?
How do I start a budget home music recording studio? What all equipment and techniques are required for the setup?
Why do so many people despise Selena Gomez?
Is the contract signed by Motley Crue, never to record or tour again, legally binding? If so, what would be the repercussions for breaking it?
Which female/male singer sings slow music with a nice voice, like relaxing/soft music to listen to?
I want to be a psychotherapist, but I also want to be a famous singer. Is it possible to do both?
How can I sing like Kurt Cobain?
How do I recruit a vocalist for a band?
Why do most American pop artists suicide?
Who are the best technical vocal singers or artists in this world? (I am not talking about the voice quality and musical zoners) and why?
Can I be a famous singer even if I'm bad?
How can I become a singer at the age of 22? How do I prepare for the same?
What are some effective strategies for finding new fans via social media as an up-and-coming band or musician?
Why do people ignore the fact that Michael Jackson was a pervert?
Who would you consider to be the best drummer of all time?
How much money do Martin garrix make per annum as he do nearly 150 shows per annum?
Who is your favorite Egyptian singer?
Where have the best funk musicians come from?
Who is Wizkid of Nigeria?
What artist is referenced in the beginning of the music video for Michael Jackson's Speed Demon?
Have you been to the concert of any singer? If yes then who was it?
What do you say about Justin Bieber?
Why do people think listening to female singers makes a boy (me) gay?
What are some suggestions for music like Yellow Light (Of Monsters and Man) and Big Picture (London Grammar)?
How do musicians make money off YouTube?
As a performing musician and introvert, how do you manage?
Why does it seem like there are so many "musicians" who have little to no talent at this time, but are extremely successful?
Why do we Indians love actors more than singers?
Is there a critical hereditary factor in becoming a virtuoso musician, and if so, what part would it have in relation to training, exposure, passion?
Did Bowie release at least one flawless album?
Are there any good musical artists to get permission from?
Why don't Rihanna and Beyoncé make a duet?
Why do pop/R&B singers almost only use mixed voices?
Why is it that most male pop singers are tenors (a rare voice type), but most female pop singers are mezzo-sopranos (a common voice type)?
Are Justin Beiber and Nicki Manaj already became living legends or it will take more time?
What are some famous Louisiana musicians?
How long does it take for a novice singer to sound good?
Who are the best singers in America and England?
What is the difference between Michael Jackson and Bob Dylan?
Who's legacy is more likely to live on longer, Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley ot Bob Marley?
How can a person become a prolific musician?
What does it feel like to be backstage before a performance when you are a musician in an orchestra?
Why don’t some famous singers do a concert and sing every day for their fans? I'm just curious.
What makes Michael Jackson so unique?
What if the Beatles had kept making Beatlemania era music and never matured musically?
Why do so many pro bands get hired guns to replace departed longtime members instead of finding new permanent, full band members?
What are the best techniques to be able to sing riffs and runs?
Did Madonna ever appear topless?
Who has had their life mirror "Back to December” by Taylor Swift?
Does the Bollywood industry even need playback singers, considering that today’s technology can make anyone sound like a professional singer?
What are the worst and best things that Justin Bieber has done?
People who can sing, were you great at singing before training (formal or informal) or did training get you there?
What risks do musicians run if they use a sample of another piece of music in a song, but don't get clearance for it?
Is Coldplay a chick band?
Why is Bollywood trolling Bieber for lip syncing when their singers do the same thing on TV shows and award nights?
What is the best way to become a famous guitarist?
What is one thing you wish you knew before signing your first music publishing deal?
Which Punjabi singer has the biggest fan following?
What might be an appropriate fee for the distribution rights to a 90 minute music documentary feature starring famous musicians?
Why is Taylor Swift hot?
What are some of the best Garhwali & Pahadi Songs sung by a Bollywood singer?
Who is the richest Bollywood male singer in accordance with net worth?
I registered copyright for my CD before I published it. After I publish, do I have to make changes to the copyright registration?
Why did Bob Marley wear Judaica?
Where do singers buy their instrumental music?
Who is the most famous singer to audition on The Voice?
Who is the best Justin Bieber or Harry Styles?
Is Bun E. Carlos a good drummer?
Why do so many aspiring singers turn into comedians?
How to be associated with music?
What is it like to be a musician whose music only ever gets played in department stores?
Were there any girly bands or musicians in the 60s and 70s?
What are the most popular bands or artists in the U.S. that do not sing in English or Spanish?
Was Luis Miguel trying to reach perfection at some point in his career as a singer?
How do bands/artists feel about playing at colleges?
Did Michael Jackson have a girlfriend?
Before 2004, how many rappers came from middle- or upper-class families?
What did Michael Jackson do in his free time?
How can I become a movie actor and singer?
What made the Beatles so famous?
Which music album is better - Divide by Ed Sheeran or Memories Do Not Open by The Chainsmokers?
Is the YouTube sensation singer Shirley Setia an NRI/OCI Assamese?
Is Steve Perry coming out with a new album?
Who is the painter of "Madonna dell ’UFO", also known as "Madonna and Child with the Infant St. John"?
Why do reality stars talk more 'stupid' than actors and singers?
How important is being able to sight-read music if you want to work professionally as a musician?
What are some good habits common in great musicians?
Why was Milli Vanilli's career ruined just because it wasn’t their own voices singing?
How did the lead singer of A Perfect Circle join the band?
How did John Lennon's childhood home get the name Mendips?
How can I sing better than Justin Bieber?
Who is the singer of the song in the video?
How do I go about becoming a professional jazz musician?
What do people say about Warner Music Artist Services?
Who are some famous contralto singers?
Did Sandeep Das deserve a Grammy in the world music category?
Why do a lot of people hate Katy Perry?
Which are some similar artists to Buddy and Julie Miller?
Who is the father of Justin Bieber?
Which Michael Jackson video/other media has the visual effect of multiplication of his silhouette in various colors?
Can we sing musical notes in different order or tone?
How can I sing like Devin Townsend?
Do musicians think about time signature when they create a song?
Who is the best singer in One Direction?
If you only had one hour everyday to practice as a jazz musician, how would your one hour a day jazz practice session be organized?
Why does a deep C sound similar to a high C?
What musicians and songwriters died from drugs?
What is Ariana Grande's FaceTime email address?
Will Miley cyrus ever act on Disney channel again?
Was Katy Perry always a little miss perfect girl?
How do go in Bollywood as a musician?
Do you have to have a teacher to become a good musician?
What does it take to become a powerhouse singer?
How could a singer survive before he became famous?
What is the best way to go about pitching to other artists to become an established song writer?
Should people who attended the Justin Bieber concert ask for refund, as he sang only four songs and did lip-sync for the rest?
What year did Michael Jackson become the King of Pop?
What are the bands similar to Berroguetto?
Which old singer does Himesh Reshammiya sound like the most?
What are the requirements to work as a music artist in TVF? I’m board aspirant right now.
What artist suffers least from all their music sounding the same?
How do I sing along to music?
How old is Selena?
Is it hypocritical of Ariana Grande to criticize fans for objectifying her, despite the fact she released a song called "Side to Side"?
Is Zayn Malik's father (Yaser Malik) a musician?
When will Paul McCartney retire from live performing?
Who is the most popular singer in the Bollywood?
What is Selena Gomez’s best song?
Why do you think Taylor Swift has got so many fans like me?
What advice would you like to give to your past self as a musician?
Is sending music to promo channels good for new musicians?
Why does Ringo Starr 'brush' the hi-hat?
Why aren't musicians like Dweezil Zappa and Jason Bonham acclaimed and revered as their late fathers, even though they have followed a similar path in music?
I hear music being made in my head during my sleep, how can I bring this ability out when I'm awake?
What's the best club/space you've played as a musician?
Do famous artists watch their ratings after they release a new song?
Which is better, Fender Precision Bass or Gibson SG Bass?
What are some bands with a majority of lyrics in a non-native language other than English?
How did Exid adapt to the absence of their lead singer, Solji, on the Eclipse EP?
What are some great pop and R&B artists (unpopular) you love listening to? And how did you discover them?
Who are the lead singer(s) in Boyz II Men?
What if Taylor Swift suddenly swapped places with Paul the Apostle?
I am the lead singer in a band but I can't write songs, and I feel bad for singing lyrics that aren't mine, how can I write good lyrics?
Who is currently the best pop singer in the world?
Do you know of any artists / designers / musicians etc. that collaborate over a distance to create their work?
Does platinum music artist Pitbull own pitbulls?
How can I assess myself on the violin and strengthen my weak points?
Are there songs with a lot of phrases like with Katy Perry’s “Roar”?
Why do so many singers press their lips against the microphone?
Who are some similar artists to Vashti Bunyan?
Who is a better singer, Ed Sheeran or Justin Bieber?
Did Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan ever perform with Lata Mangeshkar?
How do artists feel when their music is leaked by someone?
How much money was wasted during Justin Bieber’s Mumbai concert?
When did it become standard in the music industry to release an album with three singles?
Which rock singer are good at belting?
Do singers and rappers feel nervous about their music?
How can I effectively teach myself to sing really well?
Why is Justin Bieber such a hated personality?
How much should you bring to an Ariana Grande concert if you are only 13?
What are the necessary credentials/degrees/certifications to be a business/artist manager in the music industry?
How many tickets are sold at Ariana Grande concerts?
Who was your favorite Eagle (mine was Glen Frye)?
Why did Bob Marley reject his white British heritage and become staunchly pro-black?
From Cold Play, One Republic to Twenty One Pilots, Lana Del Rey, Gothic. My mind swirls mood quite insanely and instantly. Is something wrong with me?
Will Grace VanderWaal be the next Taylor Swift?
Is Enya better than Madonna and Mark fish?
Why do people love Michael Jackson so much?
Are singers trained to use their throat or esophagus?
Who was your first singer crush?
If you have a record deal, are you allowed to sing on someone's album for free?
I have songs ready for radio. What do I do next?
How do I pursue my career in music?
If a famous singer sings someone else’s song, would Shazam recognize it?
What are some good recordings and artists to listen to for learning to play the tambourine in jazz?
Where is Yo Yo Honey Singh nowadays? Why did he disappear from the industry? Is there any chance that he will make a comeback?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
Who is the best musician in Tamil?
What are different ways to practice singing for better voice?
Is it easier for an unsigned or a signed musician to make a living via streaming, given that unsigned musicians get a higher proportion of the profits?
Is New Orleans a good place to be a musician?
What is the black music band that has a song with lyrics saying "When I was just a little girl"?
What is your favorite David Bowie song and album?
Does the singer adjust singing speed to the band or vice versa?
What is your favorite band/singer and what's their best song?
Do musicians play the same instrument every time?
How can I truly reach legendary status like Michael Jackson, Michael Jordan and Ali?
I can't sing high notes. Do I count as a "good" singer?
What do pianists think is the hardest piece?
Could rock musicians write such songs without using drugs? For example, Kurt Cobain from Nirvana.
What are the plans made about Justin Bieber India concert?
What are some Japanese musicians?
Is the singer Saad Lamjarred married?
How do I get a famous singer to do an introduction to his/her song on a radio station?
Who are some famous guitarists with extremely simple rigs?
Who are Marc Anthony's backup singers?
Who is a great singer in South India?
What is the best Indiegogo or Kickstarter marketing agency that specialize in music artist?
Who are some singers who had to practice a lot to become followed artists?
Do Noise artists know something about music theory?
Who is hip-hop's greatest producer?
Who is the best singer in Hollywood?
What do you call the "growling" some singers, usually females, do? Why do they do this and why do most people like these singers?
How do you start off as a musician/vocalist in Delhi NCR?
Where is the French singer Indila nowadays. Why doesn't she sing now?
My lead singer does not want to play at any politically related event. What shall I do?
Does anyone still listen to Johnny Cash?
What is specifically the anatomy of Whitney Houston’s voice? What went on with her larynx & vocal muscles?
What are the chords to the song Tripping by Robbie Williams?
What should I do if I want to become a playback singer?
What was it about Michael Jackson that so many fans/people thought they knew him personally when they have never met him?
Is it possible to learn classical music at the age of 25, to become a singer?
Why do some operas have male roles written for female singers?
What do the singers in Bollywood today lack that Kishore Da, Lata Mangeshkar, Rafi Saab, and others had?
What is the benefit to India, when Justin Bieber comes to India?
What singers don't perform well in concert?
What is the successful shelf life of a musical band?
Between a musician and a footballer, who has a greater influence on fashion?
Is belting while singing bad for you?
Who is the most talented KPOP artist in your opinion?
Why are there so many popular songs in which it sounds like the vocalists are the Chipmunks?
Who is Richard Muller’s favourite singer?
Why is Ahmet Kaya still one of Turkey’s most hated singers?
Why are there so many questions about David Bowie? They've long since become boring and redundant.
Why am I singing high notes flat?
What notes are played in the violin roll in A. R. Rahman’s Masakali?
What actor could play Kurt Cobain?
Why can most classical singers sing without a microphone, but most pop singers cannot?
What did it feel like when you met Frank Sinatra (if you did)?
How can I learn to sing as a newcomer?
What different capacities do blind musicians have?
Do playback singers change voice according to the actor?
Can a loner become a successful music producer or a successful songwriter?
What artist has the most number one hits in country music?
I am looking for a Western Rock music band in Jaipur. I am a singer and wish to join. Can you tell me if there are such interested bands in Jaipur?
Historically, why have many painters become famous after death, but musicians usually don’t?
What happened to the band ' Sniff and the Tears?
Why wasn't La Toya Jackson in 2300 Jackson Street?
I have a table at a jazz bar at 5pm but the music doesn't start till 6:30. Is it okay to stay at my table till the music starts?
In what year did Michael Jackson rise from being a child superstar to a global legend king of pop?
What should I do if I want to become a well known singer?
How do singers compete with one another for success?
Who is the best singer among the three: Alka Yagnik, Anuradha Paudwal or Kavita Krishnamurty?
What kind of musicial exercises does a professional practicing musician do away from the instrument?
Does it take more talent being a musician, or a filmmaker?
What are the best sites musicians to sell their soundtracks?
How old is Selena?
How do I sing along to music?
If you watched the 2017 Grammy Awards, can you describe your feelings regarding the new music and new musical artists that are coming out today?
Did the movie Mimi with Al Green ever get released?
What is the best way to convince a singer to join my website?
Why do some musicians only sing about sex?
The Weeknd fans: How do you feel about Starboy compared to Trilogy?
What differentiates mainstream musicians from indie composers in the EDM world?
Which musician was the worst in terms of excess (drugs, alcohol, the lot)?
Does owning a license to perform a song imply permission to share a recording of that performance?
What are some of Laura Melinda Hackett's major accomplishments as a musician?
How can I be able to properly sing this song by summer?
Why did Chitra Singh stopped singing ghazal?
If The Beatles started their musical career today, what would their music be like?
What do you feel when you listen to John Lennon's "Across the Universe"?
What can I make to get pop tracks like most singers today?
What looping mechanism was Ed Sheeran using for his live 2017 Grammy performance?
Who are some of the best neoclassical guitarists?
Why do musicians get the audience to sing along at live concerts?
Who was Jerry fisher?
Will there be any man and woman as famous as Michael Jackson and Princess Diana?
Is Bobby Brown, the singer, still alive?
How many singers and musicians are using Quora? (Please tag them.)
How would a professional music reviewer critique Jackie Evancho as a crossover classical singer?
Which is the best institute/guru to learn singing from scratch in Mumbai?
Would you like to be part of Taylor Swift squad? Why or why not?
What would a song (With singer singing that song) covered only by piano called?
Who is the most important musician of the 20th century?
Who sings better, Faith Evans or Tamia?
How should I prepare for a show as a solo artist? (Other than find a band)
What did Michel Foucault think about David Bowie?
Are there any modern singers today that you think have the potential to be or already is a legend?
Why are some less-known pop singers not as popular or acclaimed as their contemporaries?
Who were the greatest patrons of the arts in history?
Can you create music even if you can't sing?
I'm not a native English speaker and developed a lot of interest in western music. Is there any album/artist I should definitely listen to?
Who are the people in Mumbai (with contacts) who teach singing?
What Is a Professional Musician?
What are the qualities of becoming a successful singer?
How can I sing like Kurt Cobain?
Does platinum music artist Pitbull own pitbulls?
Which single musician/band best represents each decade starting from 1920s?
How will an artist sells his music albums? What are the types of markets?
What is it like to be the child of a successful musician? How often do or your friends listen to their music if ever?
Is there any age bar to start a band?
Was Amy Winehouse the Kurt Cobain of her time?
How can I convey emotion through my singing?
What are some effective strategies for finding new fans via social media as an up-and-coming band or musician?
Describe how performing music on stage makes you feel?
How do recording artists find writers, producers, and instrumentalists for their albums?
What is it like being the lead singer in a rock band?
Who is the most famous clarinetist of all time?
Who are some Brazilian musicians and bands?
Who is Big Buji?
Is it true that most singers lyp-synch when the song involves a lot of dancing during a live performance?
Who is the most famous singer from Indian Idol?
How can I train my voice for singing without singing classes and become a singer?
What are the pros and cons, as a musician, of organising a door split deal with a venue versus getting a guaranteed performance fee?
Is there a critical hereditary factor in becoming a virtuoso musician, and if so, what part would it have in relation to training, exposure, passion?
Are all good musicians automatically good singers?
Where are all the places musicians can make money from 0 outing their music online? How else, besides touring?
What are some open mic venues in Barcelona?
Besides Vanessa Williams, what other crowned pageant woman became a recording music artist?
Which artists from the 1930s are influencing musicians today?
As a musician, what would you buy with $1000?
Who was the lead singer of Faith No More before Mike Patton?
As a musician what should I know about harmony other than music scales?
When was Paul McCartney's Off the ground album released?
If I was a musician, which countries in Europe should I consider to live in?
Who are some talented modern Classical & Jazz music artists? I will put guidelines in the description.
Can bathroom singers have a future or a platform to leverage their talent?
What is this 90s music singer?
What is something you learned about Ariana Grande that most people don't know?
Does Suresh Wadkar teach singing to complete newcomers in music?
What are the most disappointing artists to watch in a live concert?
How can I be a popular singer?
Can I give my product a name that is a close approximation of a musical artist’s name?
Which currently famous singers/bands will still be selling out concerts 40-50 years from now?
Do you think Adele was right to want to give her Grammy to Beyoncé?
How much do music artists really earn?
Is it necessary to learn classical music for being a good musician?
Why is Small Faces Steve Marriott so underrated as a vocalist?
If you could start your life over, what would you want to work on/become, and how would you do it?
Do you think Michael Jackson was good in bed?
When did pop singers start being referred to as "artists" (which seems to be the common usage now)?
I'm looking for a free drum software that I can use with my keyboard. What would you recommend?
How do kids start a band?
What type of singer am I? E3 - G5
Can I be a pop singer with bass female voice?
Is it a necessity or luxury for a singer to be famous?
In music, what does bringing the index finger down mean as an indication to other musicians or other staff at a live concert?
Is it too late to become a classical musician?
What is the future for a musician from Pakistan?
What do classical musicians (and enthusiasts) think of Apocalyptica?
What was the relationship between Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston like?
What are the official musicians’ pages on Vkontakte?
How do I sing on stage for the first time?
What is the story behind Taylor Swift’s song Sparks Fly?
Are Michael Jackson's children considered to be black?
Why do musicians wear headphones in concerts?
Are people over rating present singers than singers like Kishore Kumar?
Why do Indian reality show judges make comments such as "Better than the original"? Is it positive feedback to the artist or a remark to the original playback singer?
Should I learn how to play a musical instrument?
What is your favorite thing about being a famous (or somewhat famous) musician?
Name any music video in which narrator/singer burns lyrics.
What are some major differences between Canadian and American musicians and artists in general?
What kind of recorders do professional recorder players use?
What scandalous things has Marilyn Manson done on stage?
What are the pros and cons of being a Celebrity?
Who are the best organists today?
Who has more album sales: Justin Bieber or Chris Brown?
What was it about Michael Jackson that so many fans/people thought they knew him personally when they have never met him?
As a musician, what my job options are there for me if I want to move to United States?
Why is Abhijeet Bhattacharya not singing these days?
Who are some local musicians who deserve international recognition?
What are some singers similar to Aretha Franklin? What makes them alike?
How do I find the genre which is best for me for singing?
Who are some of the best up and coming young (20-30yr old) jazz drummers of today?
Can you guess that a person is a good singer just by listening to his or her speaking voice?
Why do reality stars talk more 'stupid' than actors and singers?
What actually ruined Whitney Houston's voice?
Do you think if Kurt Cobain was alive, Nirvana would have been invited for Woodstock 94?
Who are singers with good singing technique?
Are any musicians or songwriters out there who don't generally listen to music?
What is the single most memorable triumph of learning in your career as a musician?
How did John Lennon's childhood home get the name Mendips?
What are musicians that are celebs comparably paid too?
If a man and a woman both sing at D2, does their gender become indistinguishable through their voice?
If Michael Jackson was a pedophile, why do people like him so much?
What separates professional musicians from amateur musicians?
What is the process of opening a music band in Mumbai?
Why does the conductor not always stick to the conducting pattern for the time signature of the piece they are conducting?
What's it like being a lead guitarist and performing on stage?
Are there any musical artist who produce strange music?
While booking gigs as a musician, how can you make your pitch to venues stand out from the dozens of enquiries bookers get each week?
How do musicians figure out the music they will use for their songs?
What do you think of the lead singer of Ghost?
Hypothetical: How would Kurt Cobain evolve if he was born in India?
How do musicians politely deal with people who demand a song they don’t want to play?
What gifts do band members like?
What is your favorite thing about being a musician?
Why do country music artists live longer lives the rock/metal, pop, EDM, rap/hip-hop and R&B artists combined?
Why is Bruce Springsteen better in concert than Dylan, Neil Young, or Paul Simon but not on record?
Which celebrities with prior known hygienic problems won the Grammy?
Do you think it is unfair if a (radio) DJ does not share her/his tracklist?
Is it possible to be a decent sketch artist, musician, yogi, writer, and programmer at the same time?
How wide is Ozzy Osbourne's and James Hetfield's vocal range?
Will Miley cyrus ever act on Disney channel again?
Why do so many singers like to oversing?
why do we see lots of songwriters in credits of the rap songs although rappers supposed to write their own songs?
Why did Michael Jackson make Smooth Crinimal?
Which is the best website to find like minded musicians/artists to practice songs with?
Who is the singer of song faded by alan walker?
Did Rihanna sing in 2017?
What are some sexiest photos of Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez?
How do I encash my musical talents?
What do you think makes someone a masterful musician?
I'm an aspiring rapper and a hip hop artist. How do I now work towards building a career in the music industry?
Is Aphex Twin 'Xtal' the most beautiful electronic track of all time?
Does anybody besides myself prefer the music of Peter Tosh to that of Bob Marley? Why?
What's the name of the song (sung by a female singer) that uses "run run" in its refrain?
What do you personally believe are characteristics that talented artists share?
Which countries are the majority of raggaeton singers from?
Why SP Balu is not singing these days?
Why aren't there as many popular low voiced singers?
Who is a more successful recording artist, Celine Dion or Mariah Carey?
Why does Britney Spears lipsync so much even though she isn't a bad singer?
What are places that an amateur singer-songwriter can perform in Manhattan?
Are there any examples of totalitarians who are/were (amateur) musicians?
Do musicians just come up with tunes in their head randomly?
Any music studio or label in Delhi offering internship for a budding musician?
Does Lady Gaga write her own songs?
Do you know any jazz singers who had previous classical training?
Will Michael Jackson be popular forever?
Is YouTube enough for singers who want to show their singing skill?
What's your opinion of the singer Dimash Kudaibergen?
Where can I find Taylor Swift's glasses that she wore in "You Belong With Me" video in India?
How do musicians of less popular genres, who also refuse to tour, make a living?
Who should sing in the Superbowl 2018?
What does Taylor Swift think of copper?
Is Lady Gaga still popular?
I want to reach the heights like Taylor Swift. How can I become like her in India?
What is deliberate practice for an artist?
What is it like to have Snoop Dogg treat you like a hoe?
What's your favourite Ariana Grande song?
Which singer is unpopular in India?
Does Lady Gaga compose her own music?
How do you find Ed Sheeran's rapping?
What is the best mic for recording vocals (singing) under a budget of Rs.7000 in India?
Did Michael Jackson release more albums in 2004-2005?
Has anyone become rich teaching a musical instrument?
Is Beyoncé bigger than Michael Jackson? If not, do you think she'll eventually reach that kind of fame?
How does a music band market itself in India?
Are musicians also used for defense by the Air Force?
Why did Michael Jackson make Thriller?
Why do military bands attract talented performers? Why not join philharmonics as an example? Are only enlisted personnel allowed to be musicians?
Why is it that people don't seek out to find unsigned musicians?
When is Eminem's new album coming out?
Is it possible for an opera singer to be trained for professional work after 30?
Why is Justin Bieber so disgusting as a person?
Which musicians use stereo effects?
Who is the better drummer; Ringo Starr or Charlie Watts?
How can I find more information on festivals that pay musicians/spoken word artists?
Why is David Bowie so popular?
How popular enrique iglesias is?
How does a Punjabi singer get the rights to use an iPhone in their songs?
My vocal range is E2-G#4-E6 , Am I a tenor singer?
Why do modern singers put excessive slurs in their songs?
When singing vocal closure exercises, should you feel something tightening up in your larynx?
What are some of Aaron Fresh's major accomplishments as a musician?
What is the name of the style of singing as performed by Adele, and Alessia Cara, etc.? Their staccato style of singing sounds very "formulaic".
What year did Michael Jackson explode into the king of music by himself?
Is there a good cover song of "Last Time" by Taylor Swift on Spotify?
Do professional opera singers take parts in operas they don't like?
What did Bob Marley mean when he said, “no woman, no cry”?
What kind of person was Michael Jackson?
What is the typical vocal range an amateur singer can achieve?
What was so special about Michael Jackson that he became so famous and popular?
Which is better, LMMS or FL STUDIO?
Why are a lot of jazz standards for males not sung in the higher ranges (i.e. around Ab4-C5) as in other forms of popular music or classical?
What is the difference between cymbal with and without holes?
Is Bono's voice the key element in U2's success?
How (or why) do successful, gifted artists (like The Beatles for instance) lose control of their catalogues of music?
How can some musicians financially afford to just live in a cabin in the woods for half a year and spend it all writing music?
What do you call the logical fallacy when someone believes only musicians should criticize musicians?
How many singers and musicians here think that they need a dedicated social platform?
What makes a bassist (a bass guitarist or a double bassist) special from other musicians?
What contribution did Justin Bieber give to the world?
Can we consider Sonu Nigam a better singer than Kishore Kumar?
What happened to Edward Maya?
Who were the first two Beatles to ever meet?
How can I find good singer or song that suit my music taste?
Why are most musicians cheaters when it comes to love and relationships?
What are the courses available to become a singer/musician and a fashion designer in the intermediate?
Who are some of today's most underrated or overshadowed artists in music?
Are strats players looked down on these days?
How it is to work with Selena Gomez?
Who are the singers become famous in their 30th?
Does Indian actors/singers get same treatment in Pakistan like we treat their actors/singers?
Can I sing high notes if my nose is blocked?
What singer is the king of music?
What are the pros and cons of working professionally in live sound? Is it a rewarding career path?
What year did Michael Jackson become very popular like today by himself?
What race was Selena Quintanilla?
Which musicians have taken the style of Charlie Hunter further?
What is it like to be an up and coming musician and run into a stranger playing your music for the first time?
Why did Michael Jackson go on his own after the Jackson 5?
Has Katy Perry ever dated anyone not white?
Why do I only listen to/enjoy listening to classical music and why am I embarrassed to tell people this?
How is Adam Levine like in person?
Would a jazz musician if sent back in time to 40s/50s, be superior or would Bird respond quickly?
What are some of the Pakistani singers who have worked in Bollywood?
How can I sing like Sia?
Why hasn't there been any new successful popstar since Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Kesha and Ariana Grande?
Who is the greatest rock star of all time?
Is Jake Williams Justin Bieber in disguise?
What is Bryan Singer's religion?
Should one sing in falsetto or tenor?
I like Jimmy Buffett. Is there any other singers/songwriters like him?
How do I make colleagues fill in datum planners faster?
How do you feel about the people who can sing well?
Why did Michael Jackson die so young?
Would you rather be the drummer of Nickelback or my cat Ellie?
What year was Michael Jackson popular?
What is best way to solve the problem of piano tune being out of vocal range for a singer?
Is there any one-man-band artist who play live performance without backing track?
Does Missy still have her own TARDIS?
Does Ed Sheeran have tattoos on his body?
How do rockband members/singers spend their days when they are not on world tour?
Did Steely Dan collaborate with female musicians in roles other than background vocals?
What does it feel like to sing with talkbox?
How can somebody start their career as a musician (mainly electronic music)?
Is there any club in Ahmedabad where they employ singers?
What happens to the award if an artist wins it for a song in collaboration with another artist?
Is Mariah Carey the best R&B songwriter?
Who is better: Eminem or Justin Bieber?
How tough is to become playback singer in Bollywood?
How does it sound for Americans when listening to Latin-American artists singing in English?
What are the chances Lady Gaga stages some kind of protest during the Superbowl Half Time show?
Are there too many singers already trying to make it in nashville?
Was Michael Jackson in debt?
Will AI replace musician?
What musical artist has the most bias against them?
Is it bad for a drummer to only know and be great at playing one style of music?
Which singer do you think has the most haunting voice?
Do amateur dancers and singers want publicity?
Officially how many Punjabi singers exist till now?
Why is Liam Payne so hot yet underrated?
Why does Britney Spears lip sync?
How do rappers or musicians get hold of their lyrics? Do they memorize them or something?
Why are Giovanni violins coveted among musicians?
How is a good Indonesian female singer?
How does Azerbaijani pop music and language sound to non-Azerbaijanis?
Do you think Karen Carpenter was one of the greatest singers of all time?
What are some bands that put thought into their music videos (like Bastille)?
Do you think the current younger generation would consider the vulgar music of today as 'classic' in the future?
How much effort do you think famous artists of today put in to write a song?
Has music director Deva ever composed his own music?
Who are your favorite ballad singers?
Is Arijit Singh a worst singer ever got produced in Bollywood?
Did Michael Jackson compose his own beats?
On which musical subjects has Kapustin given us a new outlook?
Why were some amazing composers so bad pianists? What does that say about intelligence as a variable multiple mysterious force of nature?
What change of members in a band disappointed you?
Has anyone met Marilyn Manson and what is he like to talk to in person?
Who is the greatest extended technique guitarist of all time?
Where can I get a platform? I am a singer, and I want a platform to sing on, and earn as well in Bangalore?
Can you name any singers who are bass?
Can someone who blinks excessively when communicating with an audience become a successful performing artist ?
What caused Michael Jackson to be popular like today?
Why do so many awesome singers not get a chance to sing in Bollywood?
Why don't singers have an accent when they sing songs from other languages?
Help! I'm a recording artist. I have 3 recorded projects, a laptop and $300 to my name. How do I maximize my circumstance?
Who was the first jazz singer?
Why do people enjoy seeing musicians live, as opposed to listening to them in recordings or videos?
Who is the most talented modern guitarist?
What has being a musician taught you about life?
Why do some artists never make music videos?
What are some Taylor Swift's song lyrics can be used as caption?
Who all has Taylor Swift dated?
How do guitarists feel when they get older and can’t play as well as they used to?
How many hours I need to practice to become singer like Arijit or sonu nigam?
Do you think Kurt Cobain killed himself or he was murdered?
What day was Paul McCartney's album McCartney released?
Is Kishore and Rafi the best playback singers of Bollywood ever?
Why do orchestral musicans have notes before them?
Who would write a paragraph on Michael Jackson and his history?
Who is your favorite Ethiopian singer, and why?
How much should I charge for gigs as a solo musician?
Why is Taylor Swift so popular thoughout the world?
Is it foolish to think that Michael Jackson is still alive? If so, why?
How do I increase my vocal range so I don't have to use head voice?
Why did Lady Gaga release Joanne?
Who was the first jazz musician?
Who is more popular, Justin Bieber (and other singers), or Michael Jackson?
Will Justin Bieber just become an artist that people forget about in 10 years’ time?
What are some affordable/good in-ear monitor earbud brands for a rock band vocalist on stage?
How do I improve breath control while singing?
Did older people considered talented singers who sung mainstream pop songs "untalented"?
Are molded earplugs done by a medical professional a worthwhile investment to protect your hearing as a musician, or do guitar store plugs do the job?
Do you know of any women who can sing as low as bass?
Is there now a contemporary singer with the style and power of Frankie Laine?
Do musicians think differently than other people?
Are there any crazy, female, Indian musicians here?
What are some of the most beautiful lyrics sung by rappers?
Which guitarists should I listen to so that I can improve my lead playing?
How known (if at all) is French singer Georges Moustaki in Greece?
Is it hard for a musician to keep composing great music?
What is your favorite band/singer and what's their best song?
Which musicians/bands have been influenced the most by Nine Inch Nails?
How long does it take for a novice singer to sound good?
Why did Paul McCartney sue the Beatles?
What is the name of the most famous singer in the USA?
How does an artist see the world?
How is shreya ghoshal chemistry with her co singers like sonu nigam?
What are some good male-singer songs in English?
Which instruments are used in Ed Sheeran's Galway Girl?
Which K-pop band or singer do you like the least and why?
Why do people ignore the fact that Michael Jackson was a pervert?
How did Justin Bieber do his school work?
I heard this instrumental Indian track a while ago but neither do I know the name of the song nor the female singer who sang it. How do I find it?
What were jazz musician Jelly Roll Morton contributions to American music?
What are some good things for a guitar player to know about?
Why are musicians richer than technicians?
Was John Lennon shunned for saying "Woman is the 'nigger' of the world"?
Will the albums from Michael Jackson and Prince increase in value?
What are your favorite bands/singers from the 70s, 80s, and 90s?
Who's going to sing at Opole 2017?
Did Paul McCartney write his best lyrics when Jane Asher was being mean to him?
Which kind of Spanish accent does Enrique Iglesias sing?
Are there songs with a lot of phrases like with Katy Perry’s “Roar”?
Who are the top 5 Indian singers of all time?
Did Michael Jackson dislike dirty air (filth)?
What would have been the major causes of the bombing at Ariana Grande's concert in Manchester?
Who is the better singer-songwriter - Kabir Suman or Anupam Roy?
Justin Bieber left India just after the concert. Is it true?
What's the best way to reconcile & express your opinion of a figure who produces quality work but has a horrible stain on their character?
Is Paul McCartney any relation to Paul McSciencey?
Can a band be called a band without a drummer?
What Latin/Spanish musician/band produces your favorite music in Spanish?
How can a person become a prolific musician?
In what accent did The Beatles sing their songs?
Was Elvis Presley a good kisser?
Is the new Raabta song's music similar to another song? I can’t recall it.
Who are all the members of the Randy Travis Band?
Which band/artist do you want to see perform live in India (even after Justin Bieber's concert)?
How do you rate the Indian rock band Sifar and it's lead vocalist Amit Yadav?
Who are some good German musicians?
Why is Justin Bieber getting so much attention from Indian media?
Who are the singers or bands most infamously known for stealing songs from other artists?
Did Future spoil Ariana Grande's “Everyday” with his rap?
Is there a correlation between an instrument and personality of the player?
Who is the ugliest singer? Barry manilow or lionel Richie?
Which kpop singer do you like best?
Do you know of any artists / designers / musicians etc. that collaborate over a distance to create their work?
How do Lana Del Rey’s songs get leaked?
Was Himesh Reshammiya the best singer of his time?
What artist suffers least from all their music sounding the same?
If an independent artist (who you don't know) hits you up on social media and asks you to listen to their music, do you?
what apps do I prefer to test myself whether I can be a good singer singer or not.?
Who is Betzalel Shapiro's favourite country musician/artist?
What are some famous Louisiana musicians?
How can I improve my singing voice so I can sing pop songs and get a record deal?
Have you ever accidentally bitten your tongue while singing live?
How can I sing like a professional when I only know the basics of singing?
What happened to Honey Singh? Why is he not active nowadays?
What is your opinion on the Justin Bieber's concert held in Mumbai on 2017?
What causes someone to want to be a professional singer?
Was Justin Bieber the best rock star to perform in India?
Who was Unnikrishnan (not Sandeep or the singer)?
Can I be able to follow Justin Bieber on Quora?
Why doesn't Badshah have fame like that of Honey Singh despite great hits?
Which musical artists have had the greatest success later in their careers?
Which songs/musicians describe Los Angeles culture?
Why are male opera singers frequently very fat, whereas women are expected to look the part?
What is the difference between a good violinist and a great one?
How much were The Beatles paid for the Shea Stadium Concert?
Are there festivals that would let musicians collaborate with each other?
Why do so many people despise Selena Gomez?
Do you think having their picture on a business card would improve or detract from a musician's marketability and image?
What does Taylor Swift's mom do?
What basic technical elements differentiate one singer from another?
Has Thomas Anders (real name: Bernd Weidung), the lead singer of Modern Talking, ever had hypertension? How high is his blood pressure?
What are some resources or conventions for unsigned singers?
If Elvis were still alive, do you think he would be able to make good music that fits in with today's music?
Why is there so much snobbery among musicians?
What if Elvis Presley joined The Beatles?
What is the etiquette of emptying a spit valve?
Who were the favorite singers of your grandparents?
How do I know what key to tell other musicians that the song is in?
Why do jazz stations still play Ella and Sinatra when there are so many better singers without commercial appeal (e.g., Tom Lellis)?
What would happen with media entertainment if Ariana Grande look like Marlyn Monroe and sing like Jo Stafford?
What was the 3rd John Lennon song being recorded by 1996 Beatles for the Anthology?
Has the singer Brian Ryan ever sung a Hindi song?
How do I get an awesome voice (like Ed Sheeran or John Legend)?
Did Blake Shelton break up with Gwen Stefani?
I had a childhood crush on Michael Jackson, is it wrong?
Is it appropriate to sing Christian songs at a public high school chorus concert?
Who are your top 10 favorite Indian singers?
What caused Michael Jackson’s death?
Do artistes casually listen to their own music for entertainment?
How can I request Ranjani and Gayatri to sing a composition of my choice in their next performance?
Why do famous musicians commit suicide?
Is Passenger aka Mike Rosenberg a good and soulful singer?
Is it really that hard to become a singer?
Are any members of The Four Preps still alive?
Why don’t artists have copyright issues when other artists sing covers of their songs on YouTube?
What did Elvis think of the Beatles, the Stones, and The Who?
How much do musicians in super groups like U2, AC/DC, Guns & Roses, etc. make per show?
Are singers trained to use their throat or esophagus?
Can a person sue Justin Bieber for lip syncing at his concert in India? I mean doesn't the money paid by the audience have any value at all?
Does anyone agree with me that Michael Jackson is alive and that he had to arrange a new beginning for his own sanity?
What would classical musicians think about modern crossover artists, like the Vitamin String Quartet, 2CELLOS, Lindsey Stirling, etc.?
Do you need a permit to busk in Boston?
How much money was wasted during Justin Bieber’s Mumbai concert?
What did Kurt Cobain do before he became famous?
Who is the most talented KPOP artist in your opinion?
Was Michael Jackson a germaphobe?
When making a new song, what position is best for a capo?
Who is a popular actor or musician whose work you don’t like?
Which is better, Fender Precision Bass or Gibson SG Bass?
What fach is called for a baritone who can sing both phrases? A voice which lies between lyric and dramatic, like spinto tenor or soprano.
Do music artists know beforehand which song will be a hit?
How much money did Justin Bieber get for his Mumbai concert?
If you were Paul McCartney, who would you respect more, John Lennon or Bob Dylan?
What's the point of learning guitar, if you know you won't be a musician?
Which music school is the best for songwriter and singers?
What are the 5 overrated mainstream Indian singers of 2015 in YOUR opinion?
What do you feel about the concert of Justin Bieber and what is your reaction towards his demands which he kept in front of the organisers?
How much can a live cafe singer earn in a month?
Which tango musicians would you recommend to others to listen to?
Can I issue any of the notes on the scale of the song I sing that sound good or should I just sing only the notes of the chord played last?
Do you think Ed Sheeran cries a lot in his private life?
Why do you like Ed Sheeran?
Who is the most flawless singer in America?
What is your opinion of Justin Bieber's concert in Mumbai yesterday?
I am 19 now. If I start learning to play the keyboard now, how long will it take to become a professional musician?
What is your favorite David Bowie song and album?
Does the Boss ME-80 have amp modelling?
Are Americans familiar with the legendary singer Dalida?
What kind of relation did Paul McCartney and John Lennon have between 1969 and 1989?
What's the sexiest music video ever?
Who was the first musician to listen his own music?
Would you have let your son spend the night with Michael Jackson?
What do you think about Gary Barlow’s net worth?
How can one learn to sing without listening to others sing?
For a grade 4 exam (AMEB), can you play a prelude with the pedal on?
Are famous actors and musicians more informed about world events and politics than regular people?
What are some of the most famous Canadian music artists?
Which international music artists will be coming to India in 2017?
Is “Weird Al” Yankovic a good singer in your opinion?
Why don't Céline Dion or Adele have an accent when singing?
Is it real news that Justin Bieber lip synced in a concert in India?
Is Coldplay a chick band?
Why does Bollywood copy songs and music of other singers?
What's the best way to contact a music publisher if you are at the start of your career?
Do you hate Justin Bieber after realising what he did at the concert in India?
What are some furry musicians you know of?
What is the best song of Bieber?
How does Ariana Grande feel about the Manchester bombings?
If you only had one hour everyday to practice as a jazz musician, how would your one hour a day jazz practice session be organized?
Why are there so many 'weird' musicians?
What does Lil Yachty’s new album represent?
As a guitarist myself, do I need to learn to play other instruments to become a music director?
Is the contract signed by Motley Crue, never to record or tour again, legally binding? If so, what would be the repercussions for breaking it?
Are custom-fit musician earplugs worth the cost?
Was Michael Jackson a racist?
Is the money that famous musicians make loans to their record label deals or is it that the musicians can keep?
Do musicians ever consider studio editing as cheating?
Do you have some background information about Michael Jackson's song "Best of Joy"? Was it dedicated to his kids? I personally love it so much.
I never took any singing classes but I can sing really good and everyone says that. Can I go for competitions like Indian Idol or The Voice, etc.?
Why is Ariana Grande considered among the top sexiest women?
Who has had their life mirror "Back to December” by Taylor Swift?
Did you attend any Whitney Houston concert from January 1985 to February 1986?
How do you feel about the current music industry's climate?
Which singers are best for hip-hop?
Are there any Pakistani singers that sing in English or are promoted internationally?
Why is North-Norwegian singer Sivert Høyem so popular in Greece?
How did Glenn Miller die?
Is it true that Justin Bieber once peed on his fans in a live concert?
What would the Beatles think of today’s music?
How can I stop squeaking on the clarinet? (See the description.)
Is there any place in Bangalore to jam and share musical ideas with other musicians?
What are some opinions regarding the Justin Bieber concert held in India?
Is Justin Bieber a male or female?
What are some good oriental artists?
Not long ago, Eminem tweeted that a new album is on the way. Which celebs possibly have a chance of getting dissed by him on this new album?
Which independent singer/songwriters on piano would you recommend?
How do those small singer earn money?
Are there any other musicians like AR Rahman who produce great music consistently?
Why do boys hate Justin Bieber?
How can I become an internationally famous singer like Justin Bieber?
Does the Bollywood industry even need playback singers, considering that today’s technology can make anyone sound like a professional singer?
Which male singers rocked long hair?
What are some artists/bands that would sound interesting playing other genres?
How can I improve my voice quality to match with the professional singers?
Which female pop artist do you think has the best voice?
The four lead singers of my four fave grunge bands committed suicide or OD’d. What can I learn from these deaths?
How much did Justin Bieber earn through his show in Mumbai?
What are the worst and best things that Justin Bieber has done?
What bands/singers/musicians of today will be remembered as legends in the next 20-30 years?
What are your views about Justin Bieber's concert that recently happened, in Mumbai, India?
What are the best clubs in Mumbai to party at after Justin Bieber's concert?
How do musicians think of thier songs? How do they find the right tone and for how long?
What is Ariana Grande's FaceTime email address?
Should musicians become scientists too?
Why do some Indians defend Justin Bieber's horrible concert even though it was a total shambles? (Please see the question’s details.)
Did Aman Goel (from IIT Bombay CSE) attend Justin Bieber's concert?
How do rock and heavy metal singers get that hoarse and husky voice of theirs?
Who is the world’s fastest pianist?
Why do many successful bands have a key member or two that make the majority of the decisions, and do most of the writing?
Will McCartney tour Australia?
Why did Dave Matthews band start playing songs from Matthews' 2003 solo album "Some Devil" on tour?
Was Frank Sinatra a good singer?
How did you discover your favorite musician?
How can I get the songs of French singer Mazal?
Who is the most talented pop star: Bruno Mars, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, or Zayn Malik?
Do reality show singers really perform songs live? Shows like Indian Idol are not telecast live.
If a band has an ASCAP license to perform music in public, does the bar they play in have to have an ASCAP license as well (in the U.S.)?
How can I sing higher without strain?
Who is the best and most brilliant guitarist of our time?
I think I sing quite well and should get myself trained in classical vocals. Should I?
Is Layne Staley actually an emotional singer?
Where should a writer/sometime musician look for artsy cities where he/she can live for under $1K USD/month?
What happened to the money raised from the Justin Bieber concert?
Who is the Filipino musician who recorded the Philippines ethnic musical instruments on one album?
Who were the popular singers in the 1950s?
Who is your favorite vocalist?
How can I learn to sing like Justin Timberlake (with his runs and his easy switch from chest to falsetto)?
What is the meaning of "Michael Douglas" in the music of singer João Brasil’s success known as "Nunca Mais Eu Vou Dormir?
Why do people generally not like the greatest hits of their favourite artist most of all?
Did Paul McCartney steal African music for his 1973 'Band on the Run' album?
Can a SEAL extend his own deployment?
Why does Rihanna look like junkie?
Why do many singers choose to release their new singles on a Friday?
Why are girls crazy for a crappy singer like Justin Bieber?
What must one do to have the opportunity to sing with the Gaithers, or with a similar group?
Why do singers sing almost only using mixed voice?
Which Nirvana song comes closest to expressing Kurt Cobain's personality?
Why do pop/R&B singers almost only use mixed voices?
Who are the most famous Bulgarian Opera singers?
Is there any musician of Ilaiyaraaja's calibre in India?
What do you do if you used to make music in the past, but you can't find inspiration anymore?
Who choreographed Justin Bieber's concert in India?
Has the music industry prevented new genres from coming out?
Who is more popular, Michael Jackson or Prince?
Is Michael Jackson considered more talented than Prince?
What is your opinion of Joji/George Miller?
Do you listen to Croatian singers?
Musicians: how do you read music, intervals or notes?
What country singer sings “Don't Take the Girl”?
How was the Justin Bieber concert in Mumbai?
What were the difference between the Michael Jackson concert in India and Justin Beiber's concert?
What should I bring to a concert?
What made the Beatles so famous?
How can we praise a drummer?
Has Michael Jackson ever visited India?
Going off of a question that I saw earlier, what are some songs, artists, or bands that you listen to and never get sick of?
What caused Kanye West to cancel concert dates a few month ago?
How big would a "Various Artists” discography be?
Why is rap considered music?
Who is the singer in Martin Jensen's song "Solo Dance"?
Aside from Tabi, who are your favorite artists?
Will Grace VanderWaal be the next Taylor Swift?
I like Ed Sheeran, Coldplay and James Blunt. Are there any similar artists/bands I might like?
What is it like to be a professional musician (not as a full-time teacher)?
Does Ato Mariano repeat his music?
When is Justin Bieber coming to Jaipur? Wasn’t he going to do some sightseeing after the concert?
What are the top 10 overrated mainstream Indian singers of 2013 in your opinion?
How does a singer become famous after honing his or her skills and performing live?
How do I become a highly productive musician?
Do you think it would be better if a rock guitarist wore glasses or did not wear prescription glasses?
What R&B artist inspires you?
How does a struggling musician feel and is there a point where he feels no matter what he does, he will never make it big?
When did you start hating Justin Bieber and why?
Who is the best singer in India in 2017?
What are your favorite guilty pleasure bands or musicians?
How big was Elvis?
Who is an upcoming singer of Punjab?
What do you think about Justin Bieber’s concert and his demands which he kept from the organisers?
How do singers decide how to sing covers?
Where is the vocalist of Avial now?
Is Justin Bieber's upcoming concert in Mumbai overrated?
What are your favorite low-budget songs and musicians who do not have ties with Hollywood?
Why are Justin Bieber fans called beliebers?
What is a good fitness routine for a musician especially a guitarist?
How do you feel about Ariana Grande?
What would be a good name for "Julia Hucaluk" as an actor/singer?
How can I invite Ed Sheeran to perform at my college?
What is wrong with the music industry today?
How did Exid adapt to the absence of their lead singer, Solji, on the Eclipse EP?
How do musicians currently collaborate with other musicians?
Are songs by artists such as Ed Sheeran genuinely emotional, or do the lyrics simply buy into the listener's sentimentality?
Did Paul McCartney play every instrument on his first solo album, "Ram"?
Is A.R. Rahman the most overrated musician of all time?
Who are the artists that performs spontaneous music?
Can you become a billionaire as well as a musician?
How can I sing better like Justin Bieber?
How do men sing higher with an open throat that fills the room with more power (e.g., Michael Jackson, Freddie Mercury, Stevie Wonder) without falsetto?
How would you describe the genius of Roger Waters?
Is Adele's voice limited to particular genres? Can one call her a versatile singer?
What happened between Michael Jackson and Brooke Shields?
What state does Justin Timberlake live in?
Which musician's concert is the most entertaining?
What determines if a music artist's tour is held in small standing room venues, large amphitheaters, or even larger arenas?
What are the best affordable cities for aspiring musicians in the USA with rail or BRT?
Do any rappers cover any Bob Dylan songs?
Should people who attended the Justin Bieber concert ask for refund, as he sang only four songs and did lip-sync for the rest?
What are the best vocal training softwares for singers available online for free dowonload?
What do you think could be the possible reason for Chris Cornell's suicide?
Why do my jaws and teeth hurt when I try to sing higher notes?
Is Justin Bieber a Barca fan?
Did many older girls and women fancy Michael Jackson when he was young?
Why did acclaimed singer Milan Singh got lost from the limelight?
Is Zayn Malik a good singer in terms of his vocal strength?
Is Bon Jovi dead or alive?
If you could go back in time and see any band or musician, dead or alive, perform in person, who would you choose to see and why?
Was Michael Jackson sometimes or all the time afraid of his fans with him being so skinny?
Who is more controversial, Marilyn Manson, or the Sex Pistols?
Why did a Vietnamese singer name himself penis in Russian?
Do you think it’s justified that star kids will perform with Justin Bieber and not singers?
Why didn't famous and very accomplished musicians and singers eventually learn how to read music notation (musical notes) or learn music theory?
What are some music videos in which the artist is performing alone?
What musicians/artists do you personally think deserve a lot more recognition, and recommend listening to?
What are the chords to the song Tripping by Robbie Williams?
Who is currently the best pop singer in the world?
Should I buy Yamaha YPG-235 portable grand piano for learning purpose?
What is the best way to become a famous guitarist?
Do singers and musicians get paid by Beats for flashing Beats stuff?
Is Alexandro Querevalú a street singer?
Did Justin Bieber make an unrealistic demand list while he'll be in India or is it just the organizers' effort to make his stay an unforgettable one?
Is it ok for a singer to shout loud?
Why does Bruce Springsteen's voice sound so different on the song "Hungry Heart" than on his other well-known songs?
Can major artists tell which song(s) in their album will be hits and have a chance at the top charts?
Is Elton John alive or dead?
How can I write to Steve Perry?
How was the Justin Bieber Purpose May 10 tour in India? I heard it was pretty dull.
What happened to the people who won or bought tickets to Michael Jackson's final tour, which was scheduled for the month of July, '09?
What are Indian teens’ opinions of Justin Bieber?
Why do the "best guitarists ever" lists never include jazz or classical guitarists?
What are the plans made about Justin Bieber India concert?
Who was David Bowie looking for in his swan song Lazarus?
Whose voice is better, Ariana Grande's or Demi's?
Why is a popular musician not as respected as classical musicians?
Can I sue Justin Bieber because I paid to hear live music and not lip sync?
Can someone with a limited vocal range become a professional singer?
Would you sleep with Michael Jackson (not making love)?
What are some good recordings and artists to listen to for learning to play the tambourine in jazz?
What is the difference between a real jazz musician and one that "fakes" it?
Why is everyone against Justin Bieber's India concert?
How can I learn to sing as a newcomer?
Is there a greater singer than Freddie Mercury?
Why is Halsey such a good singer? I'm so obsessed with colors.
Which Brazilian singers do you like best at the moment?
How can some singers release such nasty songs with objectifying lyrics? Are there no rules when it comes to releasing albums?
What microphone do you recommend for singers for performance purposes? This is a hobby so I'm trying to keep it economical.
Did Justin Bieber lip sync at his recent concert in India?
Did Justin Bieber really lip sync at his concert in Mumbai?
Is Arijit Singh the most talented singer Bollywood has ever seen?
Was the behaviour and performance of Justin Bieber in India normal?
How can I get live shows for singing?
Why did Michael Jackson quit working with Quincy Jones - surely a mistake?
How many octaves can Minnie Pearlton sing?
Why do you choose to be a drummer?
What is the current home address of Garba singer Falguni Pathak?
What is the successful shelf life of a musical band?
Who's better, Katy Perry or Ellie Goulding? Why?
What do you think of musicians who do not write their own songs?
I’m from Taiwan. Can I be a singer in the US?
Do singers who could hit high notes when they were young (but can't anymore because they're old) look back on it with nostalgia and wish they still could sing like that?
How can I improve my singing voice without lessons?
How big a choir could you theoretically have before the music gets out of sync because of the time it takes sound to travel from the farthest singers?
Who is the best band of all time that only released 1 album?
Tobu is one of my favorite artists. What type of music does he make?
Why did Ed Sheeran cast Jennie Pegouskie in 'Shape of You'?
What sort of education should I provide to my child who has interest in singing? (keeping in mind her career as a singer or teacher in this field).
How do you feel knowing BTS won Top Social Artist at the BBMAs?
Why didn't Michael Jackson win any single Grammy for the Bad album in 1988?
Any eight folk singers of Nepal?
Who are your favourite grime artists?
Who are your favourite singers? Why? Is it important to adore them?
How do blind musicians manage to keep themselves in business?
Can I become a pop singer (female) in the USA if I am Italian? How?
When did it become standard in the music industry to release an album with three singles?
Who is the most talented Kollywood singer who remained underrated till now?
Who is the singer of the Swaragini title song?
Where is the singer Marcos Franz from? Is he American or English?
I'm looking for a song, what are the most popular rock related songs sung by women? I remember the singer sounding like Joan Jett.
Is there any Platform/Event for Musicians/Bands to show their talents to local music lovers in Pune?
Who gets more money, singers or composers?
Is 2 octaves a lot for an untrained 'singer'?
Why is Arijit Singh so magical and irreplaceable?
How long does one need to become a professional pianist?
Will Justin Bieber's concert in Mumbai be shown live in any site?
Who is a better rapper, Honey Singh or Badshah?
Why don't most of the country music singers tour outside of the USA?
How can I do singing practice, while living in a hostel?
Does anybody care about the Justin Bieber concert to be held in India?
What does Katy Perry mean by we are all chained to the rythmn?
Why do most rock musicians have straight hair? Can we relate it to their musical talent?
Whose voice you'd choose from Christina Aguilera and Ariana Grande if you got a chance to make it yours?
Will Ariana Grande ever come to India?
Why would a singer grab their throat and chin when practicing?
Is there freedom in music?
Who is Wizkid of Nigeria?
How should I tell my parents that I am a good singer?
Has any other musician ever had a bomb go off at one of their concerts? If so, how did it affect their career?
Which is more important - the song or the singer?
Which modern American artists are good to listen to? For the majority of my life, I have only been exposed to Asian and ‘90s alternative music.
Why have instrumentalists and orchestras improved technically so much over time and singers gone the other way?
Do you think Tool would release a new album between 2017-2019?
How do I book a Carnatic musician for an event and how much do they charge typically?
Why are there so many popular songs in which it sounds like the vocalists are the Chipmunks?
What professional singer, dead or alive, has/had the widest vocal range?
Why do so many singers press their lips against the microphone?
Are Indians Halsey fans? Are you?
How can a musician determine what his/her potential is?
How much do foreign singers earn in China?
How extensive was Michael Jackson's transformation on his body?
Why do jazz musicians in England mostly play like robots?
What are some interesting questions I can ask to a musician? Which ones should I avoid?
Why can't old people admit to the fact that Michael Jackson is greater than the Beatles?
What singers don't perform well in concert?
What are your views about the song "It ain't me" by Kygo and Selena Gomez?
Do you think BTS will beat Justin in the Top Artist Award at the BBMAs?
What country has the best singers in the world?
What is so tragic about Michael Jackson?
Do international pop artists generally lip sync to their songs in live concerts, or were Justin Bieber's fans short-changed in the Mumbai concert?
How do guys like Justin Bieber and Cameron Dallas have perfect skin?
Do famous artists watch their ratings after they release a new song?
Did Justin Bieber ever talked trash about India?
How much money would The Beatles gross on tour?
Why do Pakistani musicians sing an infidel's verse?
Is there any production software that adjusts the highs and lows of a mix to play more comfortably for the majority of systems and headphones?
Does Stephen Fleming look like Enrique Iglesias?
Why was there such a manhunt for Michael Jackson? It's clear now that he was innocent and planted the weird stories himself during the Bad era.
Are the artists visible in the concerts or you can just listen to them?
I can sing well. What should I do to sing better?
What is Lady Gaga's impact to the world?
Why are most popular male singing voices of today thinner than those of the past?
What are things you can do to become a better singer?
Who are some popular singers in Mexico who sing rap music and country music?
Are you in musical.ly? Do you know any talented people worth following?
Why are good singers good-looking?
What other musicians should I listen to if I like Bread and Jim Croce?
Why is Honey Singh, AKA Yoyo Honey Singh, considered characterless?
Why are musicians more valued in the world compared to other talented people?
Who is paying all the money for the Justin Bieber concert in India?
What is the best way for me to be known as a singer?
What is the difference between music and sound art?
Did Michael Jackson ever teach anybody how to sing face to face?
Why did Justin Bieber stay just for 22 hours in India?
What went wrong with Justin Bieber’s first concert in India?
Justin Bieber is in India. How are you feeling?
I am pursuing a degree in Biology Education, but I keep thinking I'd be happier as an art/music student. What should I do?
Is there any band similar to GODSPEED YOU BLACK EMPEROR?
What is your favourite genre of music and who is your favourite singer/band?
Who is your favorite Big Bang idol/singer?
Why do singers 'featured' in songs tend to sing more than the 'owner'?
Can singing with guitar earn money from YouTube?
Who is the most prolific musician?
What are your favourite bands currently?
What are the avenues for reaching out to amateur musicians and singers online?
As an opera singer who is physically not capable of singing the Italian R, is this a deal breaker?
What's the best way in your opinion to become a famous singer?
Why is Bollywood trolling Bieber for lip syncing when their singers do the same thing on TV shows and award nights?
How is the music of solo artists different from that of bands?
What was it like to be at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester when the blasts occurred?
What are some good male artist music videos with good visuals?
Who is your favorite singer?
How important is it for a professional opera singer to be advanced at music theory?
Was Selena Gomez's Bad Liar really so amazing?
Can you suggest musicians who compose like Charles-Valentin Alkan?
Where is Taylor Swift? Why is she not releasing any music album?
Why do a lot of people hate Katy Perry?
How was Justin Bieber's concert in India?
If you had to choose to kill Jacob Sartorious or Justin Bieber, who would die (one of them would survive)?
How can Jim Morrison, an unprofessional singer, sing so good?
If you have perfect pitch in music, does anything you have become weaker because of it?
How do I start a budget home music recording studio? What all equipment and techniques are required for the setup?
Do Pakistani Hindustani-classical singers sing bhajans in Pakistan?
Which Iranian singers are known in your country?
Why have instrumentalists and orchestras improved so much in technique and accuracy and yet singers have gotten more " general " and freewheeling in matters of accurate pitch, attacks & releases, etc.?
What decade of music do you think is most easily identifiable just from listening to it?
Has a concert pianist ever had problems finishing a concerto live?
How well do you think George Michael’s voice had aged?
Who can sing better than Shreya Ghoshal?
Who is the most famous and richest Indian singer in Hollywood?
What does “Katy Perry - Bon Appétit” mean?
Which rock stars famously overdosed on drugs?
How can I become an internationally popular singer like Justin Bieber?
What different capacities do blind musicians have?
Where do singers buy their instrumental music?
Who are the musicians that make primal music?
Why was Justin Bieber's India concert ticket rate Rs 70k?
Did Justin Bieber spit on members of the public?
Why do people think Justin Bieber can sing?
Is my diaphragm supposed to push up or down when sustaining a note?
How many octaves do I sing if my low to high notes are E2 to F#5?
What is your best/worst experience with a rock star or any famous musician?
Why do international singers choose to perform in Mumbai and not Delhi?
I'm a big fan of Uma Mohan and her divine spiritual music collection. Is there anyway I can possibly connect with her?
Who are more smaller artists similar to Chance The Rapper?
I fangirl over a singer and I want to stop, but I just can't. What should I do?
Who are some singers who had to practice a lot to become followed artists?
How can new vocal talent come into the music industry?
Who is the most flawless singer in India?
Who is the father of Justin Bieber?
What is a good way of getting guest collaborators to co-perform songs?
As a guitarist playing live, how do you make sure to be heard during your solo?
What do you think about the song "Florida kilos" by Lana del Rey?
What do you think about Justin Beiber?
If your favorite singer turned out to be a pervert psychopath, would you still listen to his works?
How do blind musicians compose music?
What is a musician extraordinaire?
Why do my favourite singers all die so young?
Do light music singers feel bad about not being exponents in classical music, and vice versa?
How do you clear your voice for singing?
In The Sixteen with Harry Christophers, how much do the singers make?
Did Justin Bieber actually only lip sync at the Mumbai concert? If yes, what are your views about it?
Do we think that Kurt Cobain being the sole "composer" for Nirvana for the larger part of the band's career held it back?
Why are the lot of Indians crazy to see Justin Bieber's show? Why are they throwing an amount of 76,000 INR just to watch Bieber?
Who/what is responsible for such a poor start to Katy Perry's new album Witness?
Who's the best pop female between Katy Perry, Rihanna, Lady Gaga, and Ariana Grande, using any criteria to differentiate them?
Is there any lullaby song sung by male singer in Hollywood movie?
How do I sell musical artist merchandise?
What is the black music band that has a song with lyrics saying "When I was just a little girl"?
I want to start listening to English songs. From which singer/band should I start?
Why do most American pop artists suicide?
What are some famous 80's musicians with Afros?
Who were some Indian celebrities who attended Justin Bieber’s India tour?
When will people stop comparing John Lennon and Paul McCartney?
Why isn't Psy considered a K-pop artist by a lot of people?
Is there a natural tension or disconnect between the vocalist and the instrumentalists in live performance bands?
What will happen if singers stop using Auto-Tune?
Have there ever been any successful country singers who did not sing with a Southern "twang"?
Kanye West, Justin Bieber or Chris Brown: Which celeb is the most controversial?
How many tickets are sold at Ariana Grande concerts?
Why do singers in Born Again Christian music sound like they are in so much pain?
How do I prepare for an interview with a music manager in the music industry?
Who is the singer Gitanjali Rai?
Why is Justin Bieber on the worst celebrity list?
Does shouting out loud actually​ damage a singer’s voice?
Is the popularity of Elvis Presley about the same, or has it changed one way or another?
What is the best (effective, low-cost) sound proofing solution for a musician in a rental home?
What did India get from Justin Bieber's concert?
Who would you say is the best musician or singer from Panama?
I hear music being made in my head during my sleep, how can I bring this ability out when I'm awake?
Why does Tracy Tracy, the lead singer of the Primitives, have no Wikipedia page?
Should musicians take requests from fans to do covers of other artistes?
From a technical vocal standpoint, who is one of the best singers in pop music today?
What are the most popular bands or artists in the U.S. that do not sing in English or Spanish?
Why are Indian English singers not so famous in Hollywood?
What is the benefit to India, when Justin Bieber comes to India?
What is the name of the drummer with Kurt Hugo Schnieder?
What did Honey Singh say about Justin Bieber?
What is one thing you wish you knew before signing your first music publishing deal?
Who was the famous musician in the court of Akbar?
Do all pop stars need to be trained in dancing to make it in the music industry?
Many have speculated about Michael Jackson's personality, but what about his fans? What kind of personalities tend to gravitate towards MJ, and why?
What does one have to do if he is good at singing?
Why do you think Taylor Swift has got so many fans like me?
How would you feel if you found out Justin Bieber was born female?
Should we feel lucky that we live on the same planet as the most talented singer, Mika Singh?
Which musicians have changed their stage names multiple times?
How did Eminem get his name?
Would it be better to try to sell music to bands than to try to become a well known musician?
Are there any singers on Quora? How good can you sing?
How do I create a merch table for my musician’s tour?
How ethical was the Z+ security provided by taxpayer money to Justin Bieber while he was busy placing an order at Starbucks on his way to his Mumbai concert?
Is it possible to be a male singer with a low-singing voice, and still get discovered?
Is it easier for a singer to become an actor or an actor to become a singer?
What do you think Taylor Swift’s new album will sound like?
Who is the biggest music artist on Earth right now?
Why did Frank Sinatra marry 3 times?
Where will the Justin Bieber concert be held in India?
Who is the greatest musical artist ever?
What are the most important tips to singing well?
Do you love Lana del Rey?
What is the reason top artist like Justin Beiber, MJ, Coldplay do concerts in Mumbai only?
What are the limelights of Justin Bieber concert in Mumbai?
Which singer do you look up to as an artist and as a person?
Is Ed Sheeran an introvert?
What is it like for an Indian who love country music even never visited the United States?
Does Ato Mariano use the same words every time he sings?
Is Justin Bieber the biggest celebrity to ever visit India? Because I've never seen so much fuss about anyone else.
Who are some of the best Indian singers that A. R. Rahman didn't create a chartbuster with?
How did Justin Bieber become so popular?
Why do some singing competition winners not become big stars?
Are there any famous baritones in pop right now?
What (male) Canadian singer was born in 1994?
What should Indians learn from Justin Bieber's visit to India?
Why did Justin Bieber lip-sync in his live performance at Bombay?
How much will Justin Bieber earn from his tour to India?
Why couldn’t Justin Bieber make it in India from his live concert held a few days back?
How can I find new music similar to this?
Is there a website where I can put in a band’s name and find out how much they made on tour last year?
Who sang the "Aisi Deewangi" serial promo song? The thing is making rounds on Zee TV, and I wonder who the singer is (https://youtu.be/aAPkXZbVCJo
...
I’m a student with a unique talent for reverse singing. How can I expose it to the world?
How do singers stay professional while singing duet songs? Do they really fall in love with each other to get immersed in the song?
Are popular singers like Armaan, Arijit, Papon responsible for directing their bands in their concert? Or special music directors are appointed?
Name a blues rock singer that has short hair?
Who are your top 10 favorite American singers?
Which Taylor Swift songs do you like the most?
Why do I sing so out of tune?
Who are the 3 greatest living musicians?
Why do black singers usually have great voices?
What artists are at the intersection of classical and electronic?
Did Elvis sign his own death certificate?
Who is the greatest K-Pop songwriter today?
Why do even famous musicians seem to run out of songs after a few years? It's like they have a limited supply within them and then they tap it out.
How tall was John Lennon?
Is Tom Scholtz, of the band Boston, one of the greatest musicians ever?
How can anyone measure the success of a pop musician?
Who is/was the better instrumentalist - Stevie Wonder or Prince?
Do you remember an old MTV music video where the members played in a football stadium and at the end of the show they climbed in the back of a pickup?
How long do Justin Bieber’s concerts last?
Is it normal to be frustrated that your favorite artist doesn't get the recognition they deserve?
Are there professional opportunities for an opera singer who doesn’t have a degree yet?
Why is Elvis Presley regarded as a musical and cultural icon of the US?
Can I become a good playback singer if I study MBBS?
Who is the anonymous singer, AZN Pride, who wrote 'Got Rice?' in the 90s?
Is it true that singers are not supposed to confuse brightness with resonance?
What is a good ear-training method for classical pianists?
What do you think about the recent spat between Sonakshi Sinha and other singers regarding the Justin Bieber concert?
Who are Israel Houghton’s back-up singers in the video for the song Chasing Me Down?
How can I learn to sing and dance extremely well?
"But I can kill my wife if I'm a football player." Who is this lyric about?
Does the famous singer Udit Narayan have two wives?
What is the best marketing strategy for Indie Musicians in Indonesia?
Why does "philosopher" sound pretentious as a self-description, but not necessarily, say, "historian" or "musician"?
Why do other people unconsciously start singing to themselves when I sing?
When is Marilyn Manson on Salem?
What's the best club/space you've played as a musician?
How do some music artists become popular even though they don't make good music?
Who is the singer of Mere Rashke Qamar?
Would anybody like to sing any of my songs?
What are the opportunities for a guitarist?
Does Steve Aoki speaks Japanese? If yes, how good would that be?
How can I watch a Justin Bieber concert in India live from home?
Which artists are known for exaggerating colours in order to represent emotion?
Is Bob Marley a good person to be praised by youngsters?
What are some musical groups that tried hard to sound just like the Beatles back in the day?
What is your review of Cashmere Cat's new album, "9"?
How do I get noticed by a music director if I want to become a playback singer in Bollywood industry?
Who was the first known blues musician?
Who is a handsome male Bollywood singer?
Should you follow your burning desire of becoming a singer if you can’t sing?
How long does it take to become a pop singer?
How can I get permission from a singer to use his/her song?
What should one pay Bandcamp artists?
What equipment do the artists at PC Music use?
Do fans like it when their favourite band blows up?
Are there any famous non-feminist female singers?
What type of singer is Bradley Simpsons from The Vamps?
How do I find instrumentalists, e.g. a pianist and guitarist, etc. in order to form a band in Kenya?
How do I strengthen my higher chest in singing?
Is Nikolai Kapustin's music considered jazz?
Can I become a successful music director if I have no musical background?
Why does Justin Bieber require too much luxury for a one-day show in India?
Who was your favourite singer or band in school?
What percentage of people on the planet are professional, paid musicians?
If Beyonce wasn't an entertainer, what would she be doing? Would she be in fashion design?
What if Lady Gaga ran for president?
I want to become a professional singer, but I have stage fright. How do I get over it and how do I become a singer?
Does Bollywood really need many songs from rappers than melodious singers?
Which are your top 5 Ariana Grande songs?
How tall is David Bowie?
Which of the current generation of actors and musical artists will be remembered in years to come? Real great ones have been dying off regularly.
What are some possible jobs within the music industry if one does not have a music degree (besides performing)?
What are some underrated songs that deserve more attention?
I registered copyright for my CD before I published it. After I publish, do I have to make changes to the copyright registration?
Who's voice has more emotion when singing, Adele or Sia?
Who is the greater composer: Paul McCartney or Ethel Smyth?
Who is a better singer, Arijit Singh or Sonu Nigam?
Are KPOP singers better than JPOP singers?
Why do singers swing their hands so much?
What are some great tips to start a garage band?
What makes the songs of Pitbull and Bassnectar so amazing and what can sound artists and singers learn from their songs?
Why do you think the musician Liz Y2K isn't more popular?
How can I learn to modulate my voice and sing well?
Can a loner become a successful music producer or a successful songwriter?
Why were the Bollywood singers lip syncing at the Radio Mirchi Music Awards?
How can I sing like Chester Bennington?
How do you sing like Dodie Clark?
When will Miley Cyrus do more Disney movies?
How much do Iranian singers usually charge to come and sing for one night?
Would you like to receive a personalized/signed beer (favorite artist) for your leftover tokens from a festival?
Why do singers have earphones in their ears while they sing?
Are there other Indian musicians like Nithin Sawhney?
What makes Michael Jackson so unique?
Why do people often make fun of Justin Bieber's feminine charm?
What is the best platform for recording someone singing, if the person is not using the recording for auditions?
Why do many classical musicians act superior to other musicians?
How would an artist releasing music anonymously promote their music?
Was Elvis Presley a great musician?
What are some bands with a majority of lyrics in a non-native language other than English?
Who'd win in a fight to the death, Michael Jackson or Prince? Why?
Is Taylor Swift's girl squad sexist towards males, or is it just feminist?
Is Zayn Malik's father (Yaser Malik) a musician?
Why does it usually take a musician many years to reach a high level of proficiency on their instrument?
Did the video Thriller make the album as legendary as it is?
Where do all the Kanye West studio session short videos come from?
How many Paul McCartneys were there?
As a 17-year-old guy, if I was able to hit an A5 (by screaming the note rather than singing it), does that mean I have the potential to hit it while singing?
I can't sing high notes. Do I count as a "good" singer?
What compliments do musicians and composers love to hear?
What are the main reasons why so many aging rock musicians stay so slender?
Why do I struggle when I try to sing pop music but not when I sing classical music?
Why are almost all of Lana Del Rey's demos upbeat pop songs?
Who is the lead vocal in The Beatles’ “P.S. I Love You”?
What has been your experience with adjusting to dentures as a trained singer?
Would John Lennon have predicted for himself that he would die soon?
I want to read all interviews that Taylor Swift has done, where should I look for it on the web?
Is it weird for a guy to like Britney Spears?
How many in Ahmedabad are fans of Ed Sheeran? Which is your favourite song?
Why did highly successful people like Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe have such miserable lives?
I’m good at singing but how will I become a famous singer?
Why doesn’t some famous English band or artist come to Oasis in BITS Pilani?
Why would a Smule singer unfollow another singer?
Can you sing while bathing?
What modern band/musician do you think writes the most meaningful lyrics?
Is it just me or are artists like Shawn Mendes a little bit overrated? (I don’t hate him. This is just my opinion.)
Do they have a proper music industry in India?
Was there more than one Paul McCartney?
What is Japanese singer Rimi Natsukawa like in real life?
I used to sing quite well, hitting high notes easily, but now I feel like I just can't. Can one suddenly lose the ability to sing?
Can anyone sing at the level of Frank Sinatra?
Do any of you musicians know if there is any limit for voice improvement in singing? And how does one improve his voice to a great extent?
Is there a good speed metal band like Dragonforce but with a female lead singer?
Would it be good/acceptable to sing in a different accent than the one I have?
Is there any loss to an existing share holder if a share is split?
Who are some of the playback singers one must listen to?
Do drugs make you appreciate good artistic music, or do they make you tolerate something you wouldn't like normally?
How was Nushrat Fateh Ali Khan Saheb able to hit very high notes for such a long time? Was it his natural ability or continuous practice?
How many fans did Michael Jackson have?
Are there any popular Brazilian singers that sing using a paulista accent?
If someone says "name your price, no minimum" for online music, is it skeevy to pay nothing?
Who were the musicians in Beethoven's symphonies? Were they full-time musicians? Did they come from all of society's classes?
How should an aspiring professional musician manage his/her time while working a day job?
What's the best way to book a singer for an event?
What are your favorite songs & singer?
Is the sentence “she doesn't like singing and dancing” right, or is it “she doesn’t like singing or dancing”?
Is it possible for a fat person like rick Ross to become slim like the musician designer?
Why are Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder considered great musicians?
What do you call a singer or a musical artist going on top of fans hands?
My vocal range is D#2-A#4. What is my voice type and is it good for a pop/jazz singer?
Are there any good openings in the music industry in Melbourne? Is there any chance of settling down in Australian music industry?
When you love a song, do you have a tendency to identify with the singer somehow?
What can I do to work for a pop singer?
Is Victoria Justice nicer than Ariana Grande in real life?
Which are some similar artists to Buddy and Julie Miller?
Who is the best singer out there in the USA, for adults?
Have you gone to a gig and miked up the drums with your own mics using your own mixer, like Dave Weckl does?
How can a beginner improve his voice for singing?
Was Luis Miguel trying to reach perfection at some point in his career as a singer?
If you could put together a dream band consisting of a vocalist, drummer, bassist, lead and rhythm guitarists, which musicians would you choose & why?
What causes the skin disease that Michael Jackson had?
Why does the song, Suspicious Minds, by Elvis Presley fade temporarily after 3:20?
What are the similarities between artists and entrepreneurs?
How do I get a famous singer to do an introduction to his/her song on a radio station?
What would happen if a music artist got sick before their concert and couldn't sing?
How do I find musicians through the Internet?
Which pianist played Adele's Hello?
Who is a great singer in South India?
Who are some French singers like Adele and Dido?
How do you sing in the right key?
What does Britney Spears sound like pre-production and without autotune? Is she a good singer?
Do you agree that "Rockstar," the Hindi album, is the best thing that ever happened for singer Mohit Chouhan?
Are you all excited about the news that Justin Bieber is going to come to India?
How do I find and commission a musician to produce music for my Visual novel game?
Who are some similar artists to Vashti Bunyan?
What are bands/music artists similar to Die Antwoord?
What was Michael Jackson like, in terms of his nature?
Would Janet Jackson be as successful if she wasn't Michael Jackson's sister?
Am I not masculine enough if I listen to Ariana Grande?
Is Mohammad Rafi's son a singer?
What was your favorite live performance by The Band?
What are the similarities between Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder?
How do I get my singing review?
Is Amy Jackson related to Michael Jackson?
Does Rihanna write her own songs?
Can anyone identify another youngster with a voice more stunning than Kazakh singer Dimash Kudaibergen?
How do bands/artists feel about playing at colleges?
Was Brian Wilson a pop genius ahead of Paul McCartney?
When will Paul McCartney retire from live performing?
Michael​ Jackson died at the age of 50, as did Elvis Presley. Both were the "King of Pop" - coincidence or conspiracy?
How can I make women go crazy over me like they do Justin Bieber, don't say I got to be famous or rich either?
Is there a common thread that has always sparked the creativity of great thinkers, scientists, artists, musicians, writers, and philosophers throughout history?
How do artists, musicians, composers and other creatives manage financially on a day-to-day basis in the Silicon Valley/SF Bay Area?
Is it easier having deaf neighbors, since they won't complain about noise?
What is your favorite song sung by Elton John?
What's the first song that comes to your mind when you think of Taylor Swift?
Why does Justin Bieber dislike The Weeknd?
Are you singing? Where?
Has the SF Bay Area been experiencing a creative brain drain over the decades? How has it changed over the years? Where are all the artists heading?
Does the number of songs that a musician can play on a guitar matter?
How will women treat me if I become a mega star like Justin Bieber and Michael Jackson?
What did Bob Marley say about life?
If Michael Jackson were still alive, would he be at billionaire status as of 2017?
Who are some famous musicians who sing, but aren't very "good"?
What’s the probability of raising the vocal range by more than two/three semitones?
Can I sing high notes, if I can lip roll them?
Do singers get forced by there manager to create explicit music videos or do they choose to do that themselves?
Which musicians started in their 20s?
Why are there so many questions about David Bowie? They've long since become boring and redundant.
Why won't Dave Grohl talk about Kurt Cobain?
Do you think that John Lennon suffered from mental damage?
Are there any successful singers, especially in India who did not take any formal training?
Can I find the basic things needed to be a musician in a fraction of a second?
Who is the best singer in Shimla?
Which artists, musicians and bands are similar to The Sables electronica band from Frankfurt?
What song has been covered/recorded by the largest number of different artists of all time?
What are typical education steps for classical musicians?
What is Richard De Sousa doing now?
Why do bands/artists change their sound overtime?
Why do some live artists let the crowd sing the best parts?
Who are some artists that sing Bachata songs?
Who is passing test of time the best among The Beatles, Elvis, and Michael Jackson?
Why do I sing good when I sing without music but then bad with music?
How to be associated with music?
How do superstar musicians travel on tour?
Is Nithin Sawhney the greatest Indian musician of this generation?
How do I write songs like the Beach House band does?
Why did Ariana Grande start her career as a singer?
Does Kygo & Selena Gomez’s “It Ain’t Me” music video have any meaning, interpretation, or symbolism?
Why are bands like London Grammar less popular than single artists like Ariana Grande or Lady Gaga? Does it prove that people are more into looks than art?
What types of things did Michael Jackson not like?
Who played Mike's girlfriend in Sing?
Do you think Michael Jackson had a crush on Beyoncé based on the times they were seen together in pubic?
In what scale, major or minor, does Lana Del Rey usually write her songs?
Is there any social group or forum of musicians where regularly posts regarding music are made?
What will Kanye West be doing when he is 80 years old?
Which band/artist comes to mind when the subject of African music entertainment comes up? Why?
Is Randy Hansen the world’s greatest guitar player?
Who are the most influential musicians of the 20th century?
What style of music is typically played during bank heist movie scenes?
Who is your favorite renaissance artist (painter, sculptor, musician or writer)?
How do I find and commission a musician to produce the sound track for my visual novel?
Is Travis Barker the best drummer in the world?
I am a vocalist in India, and I am planning to work on a metal song with operatic vocals. Symphonic metal is very niche here. How can I make this track special?
What should I do to become a better trumpet player?
When will my voice stop cracking?
Should I join a music class, even though I'm over 20 now? Is it possible that I can still be a good singer?
Are there famous singers who do not know how to read music?
Why is it the case that musicians have a tough life in terms of social acceptance?
What is a soul singer?
If you had a chance to write your own gravestone, what would you write?
Is Angus Young a good guitarist?
If Elvis Presley was the King of Rock 'n' Roll, why didn’t he perform at Woodstock?
Should a person with a shrill voice become a singer or a rapper?
What are some famous musicians from New York?
How much do successful musicians sleep?
What are some lifehacks that every musicians should know?
Did the original "Paul McCartney" really leave the Beatles?
What are the chances of a person becoming as big as Justin Bieber?
Who will be the monumental artists/musicians/bands of this generation once the others have gone?
What do you think of the new Texas album?
Did Madonna ever appear topless?
What do the things that Lana Del Rey mentions in her songs, have in common?
What year did Michael Jackson become the King of Pop?
How tall is Justin Bieber?
What is the best comment on a musician?
What do you see as the major stumbling blocks for independent artists in the music industry?
Can you learn how to riff when you sing or is it a natural talent?
How can I make my carreer in music?
If Michael Jackson were alive, would he be a billionaire?
Which Chinese singer do you like best?
Should beginner guitarists play jazz?
Who is Keane's lead singer?
Where can I get music for my game?
How can I prevent hand cramps while I am playing Bach?
Does James Corden hate Taylor Swift?
Which singer from the older generation does Sonu Nigam relate to?
How much do artists make on groove music?
How do you know if you’re a good singer while using an electronic device?
If I am Taylor Swift, what questions would you like to ask me?
Why are classical musicians super concerned on pitch accuracy?
In a live orchestra concert, what are some potential mistakes or screw-ups that musicians are afraid of?
Are there any modern day low tenor singers?
Where is Frank Sinatra buried?
I want to sing well. What should I do?
Why isn't Hendersin famous?
Why do singers write songs for other singers instead of using them for themselves?
Where is Justin Bieber's house?
What is the best way to manouver the music industry?
Who is the best singer of Tollywood at the moment?
What bands are (very) similar to Tremonti?
Who are some famous guitarists with extremely simple rigs?
If a person never heard music/someone singing, would they be able to discover that they could sing although they don't know what singing is?
How can a musician who used to boss maths study it again to take advantage of the inherent mathematical nature of music?
What male singers or actors have a high male fan base?
How do vocal cords look for a person who can't sing and for a person who can sing like Whitney Houston? Is their thyrohyoid muscle(s) stronger?
Which is Ariana Grande’s best song?
What was John Lennon working on before he was killed?
How did Corey Taylor become the lead vocalist of Stone Sour and Slipknot?
In what way was Bach’s career similar to or different from a musician today?
Who's the famous 50's country singer who died at 29?
Is (the real) Paul McCartney dead?
Which female/male singer sings slow music with a nice voice, like relaxing/soft music to listen to?
What are some known facts about the saint singer Kanakadasa?
What do artists think when they hear their own music on the radio?
Which singer do you like better, Pink or Lana Del Rey and why? What are their best songs?
What are the necessary credentials/degrees/certifications to be a business/artist manager in the music industry?
Can a low/mid baritone like me have a chance of being a K-pop idol or a singer, even just a rapper? I presume that my vocal range is around "F#3-C5" (sort of there). I'm 15 by the way.
What can a person do to become a great musician?
Between a musician and a footballer, who has a greater influence on fashion?
Who is the most fashionable celebrity in the world?
Why do people act like women are attracted to musicians?
Why there are no famous bands, musicians, and even singers that want to hold concerts in China?
Who are some artists similar to Barbara Kruger?
How much money do singers (Taylor Swift) make per concert?
Is starting a band with my girlfriend a good idea?
Is Eddie Vedder an English ghazal singer?
What is specifically the anatomy of Whitney Houston’s voice? What went on with her larynx & vocal muscles?
Who were the musicians who recorded Diana Ross's "Upside Down?"
Do excellent studio musicians resent the fame and fortune of musicians of lesser talent who get rich in popular bands?
Where can I find a list of modern rap singers?
Do late piano musicians have increased sized corpus callosums?
Who are the popular English singers with actually terrible voices?
What did Justin Bieber think of Toby Sheldon?
Have you listened to Mexican singer Joan Sebastian?
What are some facts about John Lennon?
What happened to Jimmy Rosenburg?
What was the sadness like after John Lennon died in 1980?
Does the playback singers sing as they wish, or does the music director have to tell them how to sing the tune of the lyrics?
How can a musician use an athlete's mindset to his/her benefit?
Where can I find more information about Stefanie Sun, who is a singer from Singapore?
What would Jim Morrison have thought of Kurt Cobain?
Would it be weird if a singer who sings in a British accent was actually American?
What royalities do singers get who don't write their own songs?
What is the most influential music event?
Why aren't musicians like Dweezil Zappa and Jason Bonham acclaimed and revered as their late fathers, even though they have followed a similar path in music?
As a violinist, what level do I need to be to apply to a conservatoire or to have a future as a musician?
Who is your favourite: Alan Walker or Justin Bieber?
How much singing and practice can you do a day? I'm struggling to get my repertoire in time.
Why was and is Michael Jackson famous?
Who are some good artists that are similar to Teamsesh (Bones, Xavier Wulf)?
Why do people love Michael Jackson so much?
What do you call the "growling" some singers, usually females, do? Why do they do this and why do most people like these singers?
If I'm Selena Gomez, what questions would you like to ask me?
Who are some talented rock/pop musicians who have had some terrible hairstyles in their career?
What is Justin Bieber's IQ?
Why do we need air to talk and sing?
How much is Justin Bieber charging for the Mumbai concert?
Who are some female singers with deep voices?
What if the Beatles had kept making Beatlemania era music and never matured musically?
How much of an influence do musicians from the 50's to 80's have today?
What do successful musicians do differently than unsuccessful ones?
Generally, people don't like their own recorded voice. What about singers? What do they feel about their own voice?
Who’s the best drummer?
Who is the most famous singer to audition on The Voice?
Has there anyone who at any point was globally more famous than Michael Jackson during his peak?
How could I have and maintain a wife and kids if I'm a musician constantly on the road?
Do you think Selena Gomez will abandon Taylor Swift if she ever gets involved with drugs or gets arrested?
How would life have unfolded for Kurt Cobain had he been born in India?
Who are some famous contralto singers?
Do people know Ariana Grande was on Broadway before she was famous?
Why is it that when I sing really soft I can hit really high notes, but when I sing in my normal voice I can't hit those same high notes?
Did Bowie release at least one flawless album?
Why were old Jazz melodies covered by so many artists of that time?
Is it possible to become a decent instrumental musician and composer, without learning how to sing?
Who are your favourite foreign music artists?
What will be the best Instagram hashtags for Indian cover singers to connect with music directors and grab some opportunities?
What happened to the lead singer of the Manic Street Preachers, who disappeared?
What are some singers with special voice?
What are some ways to generate multiple streams of income as a musician?
Do you know of any accomplished artists, musicians, or writers who are the oldest among siblings?
Is it worth setting up or buying a vocal booth for my home studio or shall I rent a recording studio?
Why do people fan girl or fan guy over musicians and actors?
How did Big Pun become a musician?
Who is the youngest and greatest playback singer of India?
How about Chrissy Costanza?
Who are some scientists, engineers, or great intellectuals who suffered great tragedies in their lives?
Do you train your extrinsic laryngeal muscles to become a better singer?
Who are some indie folk/pop nice female/male singers?
Is it possible to keep one's singing high forever?
What genre does Yiruma fall into?
What are some good bands/artists?
Who is/was the better poet - Bob Dylan or Leonard Cohen?
Why do Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift have so many fans?
What type of musician makes the most money as a street performer?
How did Michael Jackson learn about the allegations in 2003 and 1993?
What are the mainstream singers that people avoid and what singers do you listen to?
Why do John Lennon fans and Paul McCartney fans hate each other?
What if I'm in an IIT and decide to become a singer when I'm 20? Is that possible?
Why do musicians sign to record labels when they can have better economic condition being an independent artist?
Why is Bob Marley more popular than Fela?
How can I become a singer in a Gujarati movie?
Did Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan ever perform with Lata Mangeshkar?
As a musician, how can I invest in myself?
How does it feel to live like Selena Gomez?
At what age do singers typically reach their peak?
Why does a western pop singer wear tarnished jeans, and a backwards cap whereas an Indian classical singer wears a pajama kurta, dhoti and remains very calm?
Which musician did the most drugs?
What are some good songs by Bob Dylan or The Rolling Stones, or any similar musicians?
What is Zakk Wylde's workout routine?
What artists are signed to Geffen Records?
Where can I find a drummer?
How's David Bowie’s family?
As a bassist and lead singer, I cannot focus on one without the other suffering. What can I do to improve?
What is the best Paul McCartney & Wings song?
If Paul McCartney had been murdered instead of John Lennon, would he be seen as the most talented of the Beatles?
Which music artist's new album are you highly anticipating this year?
How did Farrukh Fateh Ali Khan die? (Little brother of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan)
What do great classical musicians think about transposing/ arranging orchestra scores for small groups or solo instruments?
Do you think quality trumps quantity in today's music industry?
Is Elvis Presley short for Pelvis Presley?
Who is the oldest singer to sing a pop song?
What is the difference between Michael Jackson and Bob Dylan?
Do you know any famous musician, who was not musically gifted/talented, but still managed to become a successful songwriter?
Who are some acoustic singers with soft voices/music?
Which musicians had the most difficult or tragic lives?
How do people make music?
Did Michael Jackson have a girlfriend?
What is a name list of singers like Eminem? I like this genre.
Which Michael Jackson video/other media has the visual effect of multiplication of his silhouette in various colors?
Are there any other bands that make music like The Lumineers?
What are the basic audio enhancement features and concepts a musician should know for stage performance? (Special preferences to bansuri)
What do you think about Chrissy Costanza?
What was Michael Jackson's religion?
Did Michael Jackson wear boxers or briefs?
What musician said that the beginning of a piece should be like crushing a ripe strawberry?
Do musicians think about time signature when they create a song?
How did Michael Jackson learn of the allegations in 1993 and in 2004?
Why can singing certain songs offend or upset some people?
What are some of the most successful Honduran singers of all times?
People claim that Michael Jackson's IQ was of 164. But how did people know of this?
What are the names of some of the Chinese singers?
Who writes the lyrics and melodies to features for the songs released by major, well known artists? Is it the feature, the primary artist, or another?
As a musician, do you enjoy the road?
How do I make great guitar cover videos for YouTube?
Why did Bob Marley wear Judaica?
Who are some singers with sensual/warm voices?
Are there institutions that support documentation and exchange projects of traditional music/musicians?
Which cities have the best opportunities for a jazz musician who is starting his career?
Who is the best singer in One Direction?
What are the singing muscles you need to train to be as good of a singer as Whitney Houston?
Are Paul McCartney and Denny Laine still not speaking to each other?
How much money do members of pop singers' live bands make?
Where do websites get the paparazzi photos from?
Elvis Presley and the Beatles had trouble getting recording deals and were advised by industry pros to give it up. How could they have been so wrong?
Are there any recent famous people that were married to a mother and her daughter?
Have you, as a musician, ever been in an accident in which you lost a finger/hand? What did you do after it happened?
Where is the French singer Indila nowadays. Why doesn't she sing now?
What are some examples of famous immigrant singers?
What French singer springs to your mind first?
What is the range of an average female singer?
Is it sensible to be a fan of a writer, director, or musician (an artist) if that artist has been known or proven to be a despicable human being?
Is Wiz Khalifa underrated?
Do you think Michael Jackson would have liked me as a person?
Can Katy Perry compose her music?
What are some soft revenges happened between Chainsmokers and Justin Bieber?
How many records did the Beatles sell by 1970?
What does Katy do?
Would I have a better chance succeeding with a career as an architect or a musician?
Is Taylor Swift dating Charles Zhang?
Did Michael Jackson love babies?
I spent money in a recording studio making a CD. How do I write it off on my tax forms?
Who is the best singer in asoiaf?
Was Taylor Swift pretty when she was a little girl?
Have you met a notable musician, and what was your impression of them?
Is Arijit Singh (অরিজিত) the best singer in West Bengal film industry?
Was George Harrison the nicest Beatle?
Who are the best singers in America and England?
Which singer from the older generation does Sunidhi Chauhan relate to?
What made Stuart Elliott become a drummer?
Why can most classical singers sing without a microphone, but most pop singers cannot?
When would the Beatles have reunited had Lennon lived?
Who are the lead singer(s) in Boyz II Men?
Why are Indian DJ artists not making a huge impact on the global music industry?
For Taylor Swift fans: Would you rather Taylor release a brand NEW single or the original extended version of All Too Well?
Is there any singer with both a beautiful female voice and male voice?
What is syncopation, and how would you learn to hear it?
Why do some jazz music pieces feel chaotic, distressing, panicking, and unsettling?
How can I verify Facebook musician/band page?
Is it compulsory to make bass mono?
Can you become a good singer with a bad voice?
What are some useful habits I should develop as a musician?
How could a singer survive before he became famous?
How do I control nervousness while singing?
Are Indians overreacting over Katy Perry’s Instagram post?
Why do we Indians love actors more than singers?
What musician would you be most surprised to hear used drugs?
Have you listened to Mexican singer Marco Antonio Solis?
How do you book a pop singer for a concert?
What should I do if I want to become a playback singer?
Why do we feel like singing in the bathroom?
Should I use my M-Audio Fast Track Pro with a power supply instead of USB power?
Is it possible for anyone to become a great singer?
Why does Justin Bieber have so many haters?
What are the knobs on either side of a pipe organ for?
What benefits are there to learning piano as a composer/musician?
What do you think of Taylor Swift?
Who are the best singers in Lebanon?
Why is Bob Marley known for ganja?
What are some suggestions for music like Yellow Light (Of Monsters and Man) and Big Picture (London Grammar)?
Does a singer become famous after going to IIT?
How can I become the world's most insane guitarist?
What were some famous singers during the 1950s?
As he was composing it, did David Bowie know Blackstar was going to be his last album?
Why are some people naturally good at singing?
What makes you want to give up on the music industry?
Do you know about Taylor Swift’s favorite things?
How do I sing like I’m British?
Are there any other musicians who are being falsely claimed to own your music copyrights by The Orchard Music?
What are the benefits of being a musician to society?
What gadgets are required for an electric guitar?
What profession could I do for a living by quitting being a jazz musician?
Why are the Beatles so overrated when they just played 'music hall' pop with little comparison in quality to their 'less heard' contemporaries?
Which singer will I follow? How do I find out?
Does David Bowie really have superpowers?
Do Indian male singers have female counterparts? If yes, can you list them?
What are your top 10 artists on the Greatest Hot Latin Songs Artists chart?
Which music album is better - Divide by Ed Sheeran or Memories Do Not Open by The Chainsmokers?
Did Michael Jackson truly speak badly about Jews?
Where is Frank Sinatra buried?
Does David Bowie haunt people?
What advice would you like to give to your past self as a musician?
Has Taylor Swift's voice changed since her debut?
Who are some artists similar to xxxTentacion?
Should bands be willing to play live shows for free at venues, or does that devalue live music and make it hard for musicians in general?
Why does A R Rahman no longer include singers (Shankar Mahadevan, Hariharan, etc.) from his yesteryear albums in his latest ventures?
Is it normal to listen to one singer?
Who are some famous guitarists with extremely simple rigs?
Who are the upcoming artists and singers in Indian music industry?
Why don't people judge the famous opera singers?
Does 'Loving You' by Minnie Riperton contain the highest note ever sung by a pop singer? Or can anyone name a song with a higher note?
Why do some people seem to strongly dislike Ed Sheeran's music?
How much contingency practicing do musicians do?
What is "Love Me Harder" by Ariana Grande about?
Who are some famous singers who were not born with a lot of vocal talent but became very good after practice?
Is Billy Joel the best singer ever?
When a singer releases an album, does he already know which songs will be successful?
Which singer do you like better, Pink or Lana Del Rey and why? What are their best songs?
How many songs should a musician know how to play?
Who is the most popular singer in the Bollywood?
How can I sing like Lady Gaga?
What is the vocal range of Amira Willighagen, and who do you think is better at singing, Jackie Evancho or Amira?
Did the Beatles like the Beach Boys' music?
Where can I find management or record companies that work with world music artists?
Why do I sing out of tune when I sing with a band?
Who is the lady in Enrique Iglesias' Bailamos video?
Is Jai Prakash India's Justin Bieber?
Does David Bowie watch us and know we love him and know who his fans are now?
Should I be a musician?
On what level should I put my microphone?
Why are men with deeper speaking voices stereotyped as good singers although that is not necessarily true?
How do jazz musicians make a living in Amsterdam?
What can I do to make you stop for a few minutes to listen to my music? What would you be interested in a new artist in general?
Who owns Selena Quintanilla’s music?
Does singing/listening to songs also make you feel better?
What would Jim Morrison have thought of Kurt Cobain?
Will it help your career as a musician if you want to hide your identity?
What did The Beatles think of each other's music?
What risks do musicians run if they use a sample of another piece of music in a song, but don't get clearance for it?
Where do musicians hang out in New Jersey? What attracts musicians to venues?
How did Michael Jackson get discovered?
Is it known when Taylor Swift wrote “I Knew You Were Trouble” with Max Martin?
Why do musicians still turn to record labels when they can approach the audience directly through the Internet?
What did Paul McCartney think of John Lennon as a musician, singer and songwriter?
What are some great pop and R&B artists (unpopular) you love listening to? And how did you discover them?
Did Michael Jackson have a true sleep disorder, or was he really just hooked on any drugs he could get ahold of?
If you can 'steal' someone else's voice, which singer/person would you choose?
What is the best modern song you have ever heard?
What do you think about Harry Styles’ debut single “Sign of the Times”?
Who are/were the best musicians in SVNIT?
Where can I find David Bowie?
Who is the painter of "Madonna dell ’UFO", also known as "Madonna and Child with the Infant St. John"?
What are some examples of female musicians being sexy without being objectified?
How often should a new unestablished artist play live?
Which Punjabi singer has the biggest fan following?
Do musicians playing instruments requiring them to vibrate their hands develop later health problems because of it?
What do successful musicians do differently than unsuccessful ones?
Who are the best singers for Punjabi songs?
What's the best remedy for a sore throat just days before a performance?
Why is Selena Gomez so overrated? Yes, she is nice, but is she actually a good singer?
How is the life of recording dance artists?
Who's greater, Michael Jackson or Carrie Underwood?
Is there such a thing as New Age jazz? If so, who are its main artists and what are its musical characteristics?
How nice is Stevie Wonder in person?
Is Yo Yo Honey Singh the person who articulated the song, "Choot Vol. 1"?
Inspite of having so many talented singers why hasn't India been able to produce international sensations like the One Direction music band and other international singers?
How do I become a musician while studying?
How much do singers make from touring?
Why was Canadian reggae musician Snow not able to have more commercially successful albums after the his first album release "12 Inches of Snow"?
Who is Ritesh Pandey?
New to jazz, what should I listen to?
Why do people fan girl or fan guy over musicians and actors?
Which musicians lived happy and long lives?
Who is the youngest and greatest playback singer of India?
Is Ed Sheeran’s ‘Castle on the Hill’ easy to sing for beginners?
What are some Japanese musicians?
Who are some amazing female vocalists that are lesser known, such as Eva Cassidy?
Who are some good, not well-known alternative artists?
How do I go about practicing guitar/music for 20+ hours a week, while working 40 hours a week and going to school?
What are the best pop singers/bands of the last 20 years?
What do people think of Justin Bieber saying that he is the Kurt Cobain of this generation?
Is it normal to only listen to David Bowie?
Should all artists and bands have at least one anti-religious song?
Who are the best musicians in history and why?
Why do Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift have so many fans?
I’m 18 now. If I start learning proper music, will I become a playback singer?
What is the average pay of a television singer in Kolkata, India?
How many hours a week do professional musicians practice/work on their craft?
What artist has the most number one hits in country music?
Why did Ed Sheeran name his latest album Divide?
What if I'm in an IIT and decide to become a singer when I'm 20? Is that possible?
How much money does a music artist take home, according to online sources?
Why does Justin Bieber have so many dislikes on his music videos?
Do many working professional musicians who completed music degrees find that doing the course was worth it in terms of helping their career?
Did Stevie Ray Vaughan ever play live with any guitar other than a Stratocaster?
What kind of cartoons did Michael Jackson like?
What are some of Bobby DeBarge's major accomplishments as a musician?
Who is the best musician, AR Rahman or Ilaiyaraja?
Can Rihanna surpass the overall best selling record of The Beatles?
At what age do singers typically reach their peak?
In which country does Justin Bieber live?
Can you apply to Berklee (vocal specialty) if you don't have previous musical studies but you are pretty good at singing?
From Cold Play, One Republic to Twenty One Pilots, Lana Del Rey, Gothic. My mind swirls mood quite insanely and instantly. Is something wrong with me?
How can I get the opportunity to perform with a singing band in Mumbai?
Who do you think are the best African musicians?
Are people interested in 'Singer', a Chinese singing competition show?
How can an ameteur guitarist become a flamenco guitarist?
Who is the Guinness World Record singer in India?
How can I become a singer at the age of 22? How do I prepare for the same?
Who are Marc Anthony's backup singers?
What actor could play Kurt Cobain?
Who is the Dalit pop singer Ginni Mahi?
Do you have to have a teacher to become a good musician?
What did it feel like when you met Frank Sinatra (if you did)?
How do I book a famous singer to sing at my wedding?
Do musicians think about time signature when they create a song?
What should I first introduce of David Bowie to someone who doesn't know his work?
Is it hard to earn money as a musician or singer?
What is your favorite David Bowie year?
What techniques can be used to sing higher notes?
What is the thinking of a singer?
What are the advantages of joining a musician's union like the American Federation of Musicians?
If you could create a new product for musicians, what would it be?
Why did Bob Marley wear Judaica?
Can I make it in the pop music industry by singing low notes a lot?
How do bands know how to keep in time with the singer?
Why did Elvis Presley become such a controversial figure?
What record labels would you prefer if you were a musician or singer?
How should an individual go about working in the music industry?
What would it be if Yo Yo Honey sang feminism?
Who is your favorite underrated musician?
Why is Yo Yo Honey Singh not recording songs?
Why do some pop singers choose to not phrase on beat but a little bit behind or above it?
Can I meet Steve Perry?
Does AR Rahman as a singer sing correctly in Sur?
Who is a great singer in Bollywood?
Did Michael Jackson like boats?
Why don't Rihanna and Beyoncé make a duet?
Was Prince a good drummer?
If a famous singer sings someone else’s song, would Shazam recognize it?
What are some soft revenges happened between Chainsmokers and Justin Bieber?
How is Jimmy Page regarded among other musicians?
In Bollywood, which singer has the ability to sing tough song?
What can you learn from listening to great opera singers in terms of technique? How do you do it?
At what tempo can something still be called music?
What does Katy do?
Which current bands/musicians are known to have groupies?
Did Justin Bieber go for music classes?
Was Taylor Swift pretty when she was a little girl?
Do all Martin N 20 guitars sound the same? Are there other musicians that use a Martin N 20 that sound like Trigger?
Who is attending Justin Bieber's concert in India?
Why do you loathe Yo Yo Honey Singh?
Can a stage name be the name of a song?
How much should you bring to an Ariana Grande concert if you are only 13?
Can singing everyday improve my voice?
Why do most people in India give more attention to actors than singers? Why do they forget singing is tougher than acting?
What questions would you ask a singer?
Why does Danielle Cohn attempt to sing?
What does it mean when a singer covers one eye?
What does a manager for music artists do?
Which musicians are way overrated?
Do you know an amateur singer?
What is Michael Jackson saying in the background of "Who Is It"?
I am a singer, how can I earn money?
What does it take to be a professional musician in India?
What would you say to learning piano by slowly learning a super difficult piece like Turkish March?
Why does the use of Auto-Tune correction slightly cut my voice during singing even when I am hitting notes right?
Why do we Indians love actors more than singers?
Does being a musician and a "creative" thinker make your programming learning harder?
How much would an average fan be prepared to spend on a unique copy of his favorite artist's rare take?
How do game companies hire musicians to make music for a game?
Who was the best country music artist in the 70s and 80s?
Why do we feel like singing in the bathroom?
Who is the best singer in Hollywood?
Are there any secret tips for singers who want to get into a certain mindset, in order to prepare to sing?
Do Jai Prakash & Justin Bieber look alike?
How do Canadians feel about Justin Bieber?
What are the best things to do to become a better singer?
Do you like Fetty Wap's voice? Why or why not?
Is it really long at the top when you are successful like Michael Jackson?
Why was Jesse McCartney a fad compared to Justin Bieber who is still rocking after 7 years?
While in the past singers and rappers used to sell millions of albums, how much do they earn now?
How can I become popular over social media with my great singers voice?
What are the perks of marrying a singer?
Do musicians play the same instrument every time?
How can I become the world's most insane guitarist?
Why are some people naturally good at singing?
What are the differences between a strict, perfectionist and a free minded musicians?
What are songs like Elvis Presley’s It's Now Or Never?
When would the Beatles have reunited had Lennon lived?
How does the music industry differ throughout the world?
