What happens in neurons when we are happy?
Is it possible to increase the grey matter of the brain via stem cells?
Can the consumption of Parkinson's medicines like Pacitine and Amantrel affect the body movements along with memory loss?
Would long-term concentrated doses of CBD affect cognition in any negative way?
Do migraines make you smarter?
How can a neuroscientist become rich?
How can you describe the major regions of the brain?
What is sensory motor disorder?
Are brains programmed or do they program themselves?
What is consciousness of the soul? If consciousness is really there, can it be aware of itself as well?
Do blueberries truly benefit the brain?
What is gray matter and its function?
Is there any research on asexuals and oxytocin?
Images of neurons show ~5-20 synapses, but descriptions say each neuron has ~10,000 or more. Which is correct?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
What is the cost of MRI scans in Delhi?
Is a thought material?
What is the mind? Is it inseparable from the body/brain or not?
Do serotonin levels drop with age?
How is direct DM neurology in NIMHANS?
Does the human brain work like a system-on-a-chip?
Does intelligence decrease with age?
How is the brain of sadists wired?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
Why does time fly by when you're having fun or busy? And is there time?
Could a fully virtual brain, along with some meta-frames, be more creative than a biological brain because it does not have to "learn" over time?
Is left brained/right brained concept just a myth?
What gives us consciousness?
How true is the fact that our mind retains and perceives information much better in the morning?
I had brain mapping done today and am starting sessions soon, but I am quite nervous about it. Is neurofeedback safe?
How many nerve endings are there in the human nose?
In amyloidosis, how are intracellular amyloids easy to clear than extracellular amyloids?
Neurologically, how different is a happy brain from a sad brain?
If the hippocampus were injured and neurogenesis did happen, how long would it take to recover from an injury to the hippocampus?
Is the possibility of a mental or neural (mind to mind) internet really only science fiction? Is it achievable?
What are some good, free brain-training games for logic online?
How do toxins affect the brain?
Why are some dreams repeated? Does it have something to do with a syndrome or a brain disease?
Can brain damage happen by a fall that didn’t cause an injury?
What would happen if a certain region of the brain's activity increased?
What is the scope of research in neuroscience and how should one pursue it?
If I replace my skull with titanium will my brain become indestructable?
A lack of fear is attributed to the amygdala structure. Are there any stimuli that elicit a sympathetic nervous system flight response in psychopaths?
What is collateral circulation in the brain?
Can a person be conscious with bleeding in the brain?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
Can you prove others’ consciousness?
Why does the sound of a clock ticking bother me different amounts at different times?
Can coffee cause brain fog?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
If dopamine is not the cause of 'pleasure', then what is?
Why do brain tumour patients often stop opening their eyes towards the end, despite being conscious and able to engage?
How can our thoughts be about consciousness if consciousness doesn't have any causal effect on brain activity?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
Does the PNC release more inhibitory signals than lung stretch receptors but slower?
How do you donate your brain for schizophrenic research and to whom?
Eels generate electricity using their nervous system. Why can't humans do the same?
Can you define consciousness?
Does making progress in modern mathematics require more work or more brain power?
Is it possible to make a very small EEG machine?
Where do we need inhibitory neurotransmitters?
Can most people that have strokes remember languages they knew before suffering them, and could they relearn them?
What goes on in your nervous system during a brain freeze?
How do I reduce the pressure of my brain?
What is the autonomic nervous system in psychology?
How can we directly (short span of time) put things in our sub-conscious mind without auto-suggestion?
What makes synthetic cannabinoids (marketed as "Spice, K2, 7H" etc.) so much more harmful than naturally ingested THC/CBD?
How does insight, inspiration, and a flash idea happen in terms of neural activity?
What is the thickest cutaneous nerve of the body?
Is there a way to reward your brain for doing a good job, such as remembering something important, to incentivize it to do it more frequently?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
What caused big brains in humans?
Does cause and effect work in the brain?
If you could erase memories by "lasering out" neurons and synapse connections, would it cause too much damage for the brain to function properly?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
Can the brain interpret cellular phone signals? Why do I think of somebody right before they are calling me?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
Now that we are all in one category, how will neurotypicals explain the brain differences found on the scans from patients suffering from Asperger Syndrome and HFA?
What is meant by brain death? Is it scientific or is it spiritual?
What is a neuron resting state?
How do signals from different types of cones in the eye differ from each other?
What does your brain look like when hypnotized?
Who are some mental health professionals with a strong background in nutrition?
Is it possible to have consciousness without metabolism?
What is the connection between dopamine and addiction?
How do I lower my refractory period?
What would happen if a human was artificially gestated until a later stage of brain development?
If a person loses his memory, will he have the same or different nature than what he had?
Theoretically, if we fully mapped every detail of the human brain down to atoms and pathways, could we treat socio/psychopathy knowing the true causes?
If our brains don't fully mature until the age of 25, how can we be held fully accountable for anything until then?
Can returning back from a gamma state cause a TBI, a.k.a. a traumatic brain injury? What is the longest time this state could be held?
Does reading a lot improve any cognitive functions except reading, writing and vocabulary?
What are the consequences of removing each major brain area?
Once the human brain has been reverse engineered, can a human be created in a laboratory?
How do we form memories just by strengthening synapses?
I'm 13. I am very ambitious about neuroscience (especially becoming a top dog at Neuralink). Where should I begin?
Are we conscious of our thoughts before language embodies them?
How do you know that you aren't a brain in a vat?
From an evolutionary perspective, what do you make of the fact that our brains have cannabinoid receptors?
According to Judaism, precisely how do non-conscious sensory stimuli become a conscious experience, and exactly how do the two connect?
Are our thoughts and emotions the interpretations of our brain for the signals running through the neurons?
How can you artificially stimulate emotions in yourself?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
At what age does the brain stop developing neurons?
What does it mean when you go somewhere and swear that you have been there before (deja vu)?
Who is the longest living anencephalic?
Is it possible for a medical procedure to increase the size of a myelin sheath of a neuron?
Is there any research underway to accelerate evolution and “rewire” our brains to “cure” our antiquated tendencies of greed and violence?
What is the relationship between an individual brain maturity and adulthood?
Can a coma patient speak and lapse back into coma? What the medical explanation for this?
What do the cardiovascular centers in the medulla oblongata control?
What can you infer about a three-year-old’s intelligence if they can remember and recognize whole written words after seeing them one time?
According to Islamic theology, precisely how does non-conscious sensory stimuli become a conscious experience, and exactly how do the two connect?
While synaptic gaps are always illustrated as floating tips of neuron connections, what keep them in place in real life, and what is the medium there?
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
When a baby is just born, are there any connections in neurons yet?
How might frontal lobe brain damage affect someone's behavior?
Which classical music affects the brain the most, and how?
What does blood do in the brain?
What causes my brain to make tunes out of monotonous tapping?
Why is it that most of the human race treats the brain as themselves rather than an organ just like the heart or lungs?
Is your synesthesia beneficial?
What is the meaning of cognitive engineering?
How much information can the brain hold before you lose your train of thought?
How is memory processed into long-term memory? By the influence it holds, or because of trauma, seriousness, joy or distress?
If our brain behaves like a muscle, can it expand like muscles?
Is it possible to control our brain to stop our heartbeat?
Do Jews have the ability to fly and listen to our minds?
On a neurological level, what happens when one experiences déjà vu?
Is there a way I can evolve my brain?
What percentage of a person’s axons are found in the brain or spinal cord vs. the periphery?
What is the difference between being a specialist in neurology and neurosurgery (besides the surgery part)?
What is the name of the brain protein for memories?
Do SSRIs prevents the brain from maturing in teens or young adults?
How does alcohol imitate water to get into the brain?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
Has there been any research studies on the effects of multiple synchronized stimuli, on human cognition, perception and memory retention?
Did I harm my brain by taking risperidone for 5 months?
What is the conscious and subconscious mind?
Have you had a longstanding memory that you later realized wasn't real?
What proof is there against and for a biological and higher consciousness in humans?
What happens if you lose your subconscious?
What is it like to amyopathic dermatomyositis with nerve tingling?
How much information about human mind? How it work? Science can explain it fully?
What scientific evidence is there as regards the theory that gestational hormones create separate male and female brain types?
Why is my brain slow?
Where do emotions come from? Is it caused by brain activity?
How does long term antidepressant use affect the nervous system?
Do humans dream based on their day-to-day activities or based on what they think of while sleeping? Do we think in some way while asleep?
Is there such a thing as everlasting consciousness?
What are examples of neurons?
What creates consciousness? What is the fundamental difference between me and an artificially created 1/1 atomic copy of me?
How do agonist and antagonist neurotransmitters work?
What is the most advanced cognition of which humans are capable?
I think I suffer from post traumatic stress? What should I do to recover?
What effect does being undersocialized and alone most of the time have on the brain?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
Will benign intracranial hypertension show on an MRI?
In the Mandela Effect, how can a timeline change & personal memory remain? Surely your memory would change along with the timeline and there would be no awareness of change.
If a presynaptic neuron is an inhibiting one, but the synapse is very strong, will the postsynaptic neuron fire or not?
How can you describe the function of astrocytes in the brain?
Why don't BCI-created stimuli go the wrong way?
How can you describe the function of the nervous system in animals?
How does chocolate and coffee affect your brain activity (especially in the middle of an exam)?
Whenever I pass out, I hit my head. Not like I hurt my head in the process, but literally hitting my head multiple times. Why does this happen?
How would transferring human consciousness to an artificial substrate (mind uploading) actually work?
What does the accelerator nerve do?
What are dopamine levels?
Is there a limit to the capacity of the human brain?
What does "stabilising cue-related activation patterns" mean in simple terms?
What is the most complex organism brain we can successfully imitate with current AI technology?
Is it true that there are two types of people, one whose mind is logical and another whose mind is creative?
What are the differences and advantages in using doublecortin or BrdU for counting and labelling new neurons in the hippocampus?
Is it possible to become completely unable to communicate due to a motor neuron disease, or is there always technology which makes communication possible?
How can I connect artificial neurons to biological neurons to study their interaction?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
If scientists decide to store your brain until we know how to build AI out of biological knowledge, what will happen once your brain is loaded up? Is it you?
What is a memory that you have always remembered throughout your entire life?
Why do eyes point in a direction when thinking?
How much damage does a stun gun do to the brain and body?
Does running increase dopamine receptor sensitivity?
Why are we able to distinguish between our past memories and current self, but not between dreams and reality while we are in them?
What is this involuntary muscle movement called (link to video)?
What are the most exciting parts of neuroscience research?
How do I operate at a higher level of awareness or consciousness in the conduct of my daily life?
Can you train an artificial neural network to train an artificial neural network?
If you could transfer your consciousness to something else, what would it be?
Can I listen to binaural beats when I'm sleeping?
Do I have synesthesia? When silent things move, I can still hear them.
If consciousness existed as a localized “quantic field state”, could it somehow be linked to a hypothetical mathematical realm?
Why am I super ticklish?
How does a 100% drug-free brain differ from one that has been under the influence of stimulants or depressants, in regards to its rational thinking?
How easy it is to install false memories?
Can we assume that in AI there is a critical mass of knowledge, that when reached, the AI is able to "think" on its own?
What is the basic cause behind the planning we make? Is it the brain or heart, because theory says its our heart which creates 80% magnetic field?
Why have I not been able to think clearly, and why has my memory declined?
How do the three neurons work together to bring about the action of reflex?
What's the average distance between the human heart and brain?
What is some ongoing research (or research ideas) in pediatric cancer and brain/spine tumors, especially regarding neuroblastoma and non-coding RNA?
What would happen if one brain held the knowledge of 7 billion other ones?
Is the Halo neuroscience device legitimate?
If you could add one line to the source code of your brain, what would it be (your brain is using same variable and function names as you would)?
What is the role of neurotransmitters, and how do naturally occurring molecules interfere with their activity?
How much RAM (random access memory) does a human brain have?
How likely is it for the outermost layers of our brains to be entirely artificial by the next decade?
What is the form of mind, intellect and consciousness? Are they independent of elements?
What would happen if the hippocampus was punctured exactly?
My brain always tries to find something to worry about, how can I change this?
Why do some brain lesions have no symptoms?
Can someone scientifically explain the "uncomfortable" emotions behind habit change? Why is my brain not cooperating with a "yaay"?
Does having extrapyramidal symptoms mean I have a damaged nervous system?
Why does loss of consciousness generally happen instantaneously when the heart stops?
Are all human thoughts flawed?
What kind of lifestyle will make us feel that time passes very quickly?
When were you surprisingly aware that your body is at your own will? Or have you ever noticed a clear break off between your body and consciousness
How do train your brain to make words flow when giving a speech, knowing you are a bit nervous?
I overdosed on a bottle of dosulepin (a tricyclic antidepressant) about four years ago. In what ways might it have affected my brain and heart health?
We are only aware of a portion of the thoughts in our brain. How was this proved? What is the evolutionary reason for the selective awareness?
Could the brain gradually be replaced using 3D carbon nanotube circuitry?
Can SSRI induced hypomania become permanent?
What are some everyday life situations/examples where memory cueing takes place?
Can you take medicine to improve memory?
How are the brains of guitarists different?
Does the auditory cortex process the internal language of thought?
What are the best evidence-based cognitive enhancers?
Could a neuron have evolved based on Li+ and Na+ gradients instead of Na+ and K+?
The human brain vs. supercomputers, which one wins?
I have a chunk of dead neurons in my brain. I have motor skills, speech, working and short memories. How can this be true?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
Can autism be identified through brain scans?
What do I do about a pinched nerve on the pinky side of my wrist?
What are the long term effects on your brain of playing video games?
Can neurons change their neurotransmitters?
Are human brain cells emitting weak audio noise during action potentials?
If you had a chip in your brain that allowed a remote operator to control you, what kind of metal would you wrap your head in to block the waves?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
What happens to the brain as we get older?
Are receptors such as 5-HT2A, D2, H1, A1 and M1 constantly recycling and renewing?
Do all patients experience brain volume loss after taking antipsychotics for a certain amount of time?
How can dehydration possibly cause brain damage?
Can a positive EEG occur and not be epileptic?
Is it possible to have spina bifida myelomeningocele close to your brain (on your nape), but not have any symptoms?
What would happen if an average neuron had (only) 100 dendritic spines and an equal number of axon terminals?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Can repeatedly scratching and tapping one’s forehead firmly damage one’s brain?
Can scientists explain how the brain of a human child can learn their native language, and the ability to verbalise thoughts, with such ease?
How can you describe major functions of the nervous system?
Why do antipsychotics shrink the brain and how can this be prevented?
Can epilepsy be incurred and backwards?
Can we transplant human brains into machines?
Is delta delivering beta or alpha?
What if your heart switched places with your brain for 5 seconds?
How does an EEG differ from normal during cannabis use?
Are neurons alive just like bacteria?
How does the brain work at the age of 16?
How do I control a flexible mind?
Would it be wise to get a brain scan to see whether or not I'm a psychopath?
How do we can increase our way to memorize something?
Why do opposite sides of the brain control opposite sides of the body?
Which makes human brain more powerful?
What does 30 years of crack use do for the body and brain?
Are GANs plausible for the brain?
What are, if any, the changes in/ f brainwave frequency/Y in dementia cases?
How can I be sure that I do not have a brain tumour?
What would a person's brain be like if they didn't experience synaptic pruning at all?
What is the neurological theory of emotion?
Why is human learning more complex?
How can the peripheral nervous system be divided into?
Do memory erasers exist? I want to totally erase my entire memory so I will feel like a new born baby. Is it possible?
What is the brain without the brain? How do we know it is perceiving brains and not something else or made up?
If our brains don't fully mature until the age of 25, how can we be held fully responsible of anything until then?
What are some causes of BIOS damage?
Does sugar have a good effect on the brain?
How do signals travel to right places inside the brain?
Do all transgender people get a brain scan?
How helpful really are supplements for your brain, and are they safe?
What happens to a certified doctor's diploma if they suffer from a severe memory loss due to a concussion?
How do you cure one's brain?
How does our brain work when we are angry?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
It's hard for me to identify words when they have no real meaning but show up at the same time. Is this a brain problem?
As a trainee counsellor, how can I work with a client having short term memory issues and brain damage?
Why don't humans have a greater capacity to store water?
What is the function of agonist and antagonist neurotransmitters?
What do you think would be smarter, an average human being or a dog that could use 100% of his brain capacity?
Will we ever have medications that can start neurogenesis in all brain regions?
What was your worst déja vu moment? How did you relate to it?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
Is a person in a conscious state or an unconscious state while dreaming in a sleep state?
Why does the brain like to procrastinate on work (like studying and problem solving) and to do things like watching moves and listening to music instead?
How do the brains of normal folk differ from criminal minds in an MRI?
Which one is better, cognitive science or neuropsychology?
How can the formation of certain atoms in a certain way create consciousness out of nowhere?
How can I undo the neutralisation of pleasant experiences by the brain?
How early does sciatic nerve pain start in pregnancy?
To what extent can the brain be rewired?
When did we evolve the part of our brain that thinks in our language? Before then, were we conscious?
Did the Libet experiments show backward causation?
Does alcohol consumption decrease the grey matter of the brain?
My ex was an alcoholic for 40 years, liver damage and inner demons. He found Christ, but something is still wrong. Could he have brain damage?
Our life revolves around our emotions and memories. What if someone’s business is to care for your memories and preserve them for you?
How do brain synapses work?
What is the main role of the different types of nerve cells?
Why does the pineal gland calcify in some people but not in others?
Is there any way that we can format memories from our brain?
Can grey and white matter of the brain regrow?
How many Calories (kcal) does the brain need to function properly?
Is it is true that our learning capacity decreases with age?
Are there any safe drugs for distraction?
How can I train my brain not to give up?
Threads get the memory within the process memory, but where does semaphore get memory?
Does excessive use of cellphones damage our brains​?
In an action potential, what restores the resting membrane’s potential post-hyperpolarization?
If you could erase memories by "layering out" neurons and synapse connections, would it cause too much damage for the brain to function properly?
How can I get medical help for my father with Alzheimer’s/dementia? What can we do to bring about his memory?
How do you train your brain to live with tinnitus?
Does the sun have more electrical activity than the brain?
Does it take 3-4 days for the food we eat today to reach the brain?
How long do auditory hallucinations typically last?
Can we do an M.Sc in neuroscience after a BDS?
How is the human brain starstruck?
What is the advantage of having myelinated nerves?
Does cannabis affect beta brainwaves?
Does consciousness have a gender?
Are games good for your brain?
What part of our nervous system collapses first when we have an accident?
Does smoking weed cause memory loss?
If I had a lobotomy so that my brain's thermostat was set to infinity, how long would I have to live until my body burst into flames?
Do we need four cell in our brain?
What is the challenge to keep the brain sharp and build the body?
Why do neurons seem to "want" touch, e.g. as is seen in loss of sight where touch and audio will take over the visual cortex?
How can I improve my short term memory? What tricks are there?
What everyday activities do people do that also shrinks their brains?
How can you describe the functions of the nervous system in animals?
What supplements help with Parkinson´s disease?
How does the thalamocortical radiations connect the thalamus to the cerebral cortex of the brain?
Are internet waves harmful for the brain?
Does playing too many video games affect your memory?
How can I get deja vu?
Mind and body, what does science say about this? Are we just a function of the workings of our brain?
How to purify consciousness? Where will it take you?
Which snacks/drinks help to keep brain active (to concentrate on work) for longer time?
What is the maximum amount of time, that a person can stay in a medically induced coma, without any effects?
In what ways does MDPV differ from more traditional stimulants such as amphetamine / methamphetamine / cocaine?
What do you mean by higher Consciousness and Supreme Consciousness?
How can a neurological disorder aggravate incontinence?
How would you design your life so that your brain ran at peak performance at 7 pm?
If your brain can't make up people in your dreams, is it possible that it can combine two different people you've seen into one person?
Why does the brain need to classify?
How can you channel your chemically imbalanced brain to think well without medication?
If whole brain emulation is not possible, what are the possible reasons?
How does the human brain add numbers?
What would happen if there were disks that you could implant to your brain and when implanted they download all the info to your brain?
Could you say we (woman and men) created each other with our consciousness?
What are the 2 main parts of the nervous system, and what function do they serve?
Why does your brain not go back to the way it was after a psychotic break? Why does it get worse with each one?
How does a plant, with no nervous system, develop a poison that attacks nervous systems?
To people who have been in a coma, what was your perception of time while in it?
How does the brain encode information in layman terms?
Will MRI or CT scan show if antipsychotics did any damage to my brain?
Is it possible to make a machine that records our brain talking and replays it to us in actual sound that is audible to the human ear?
What is Hebb’s rule for storing patterns in associative memories, and how does it work?
Is there a neurological event or condition which could explain a sudden out-of-character unforeseen action such as the taking of one's own life?
Is there any exam in the world in which we have to rely completely on our brain and not on our hard work?
Why do our dopamine receptors close after repeatedly doing something?
Can you have tumors in the frontal lobe that affect the pituitary gland?
How is a computational neuroscience paper organized?
What is an affective memory?
What causes exactly, and what are the effects of hippocampal scarring? From puncture wound to laceration?
Can headphones connected to laptop transmit current to the brain? Does it interupt brain chemistry?
Why do I perform horribly in any activity I participate in whenever I use conscious effort?
Can an external EMF (similar to the one in our brains caused by synced neural firing) if applied to an unconscious brain simulate consciousness in it?
Short term memory loss recently, could it be due to my medicine?
Which Indian scientist developed the brain surgery steps?
What is a nerve cell having only one dendrite and one axon called?
How does the brain know how to give the correct neurotransmitters to the correct neurons/signals?
What is the main function of each of the parts of the cerebral cortex?
What causes impulsiveness?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
What kind of activities of neurons cause an “a-ha experience”?
What is the relationship between the heart and the brain?
Why do I experience Deja Vu so much?
What's the difference between the brain activity of an introvert and an extrovert?
Women have a brain 10% smaller than men. Their lungs are 25% smaller. Do women's brains get less oxygen than men's brains?
Are sympathy and sympathetic nervous system somehow related?
What is the structure and function of the cerebellum?
Do we truly have free will if all of our thoughts/feelings/interpretations/reactions are the result of molecular chemical reactions responding to stimuli?
Isn't it true that humans are more unconscious than conscious?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
Does shaking ones head cause CTE?
How do the skull and CSF affect the power spectral density of EEG signals?
Scientists decide to store your brain until we know how to build AI out of biological knowledge. Since you were chosen, you get to pick 2 others. Who?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
Do excitatory and inhibitory neurons make binary logic in the brain?
Is it really true that the brain runs more efficiently after fasting or not consuming food for a period of time?
How do you become a specialist in the nervous system?
What other sensory inputs do we humans have besides the iconic five (olfactory, tactile, optical, aural, and gustatory)?
If we remove our memories and personality, what happens to us?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
How can you describe the function of the nervous system?
What are the different types of nerve cells?
What is an example of how memory cues can mislead you in everyday life situations?
What does neuroscience tell us about venting emotions?
What deja vu situation you have experienced?
Could sensory enhancement pills be made for soldiers?
Why do our brain feel sluggish and lazy after overeating?
Does 9 months mild (index 8.3) sleep apnea do permanent memory loss or brain damage?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
Does the potential of the neurilemma change when a nerve impulse travels through the axon?
To what extent a brain be healed after a stroke?
What are the symptoms of nerve pain after a lumbar surgery?
Does your brain block one second when you think about eternity?
Are memories stored in neural networks or as patterns?
What is an old well-corticated punctate ossicle?
If neurons, synapses, and axons were damaged by brain lacerations, would that be problematic?
How is spiritual ecstasy explained in relation to the human brain?
If a person's consciousness were taken and transferred into a robotic body, would that be the same person? How would he feel?
Can you rehabilitate your retina/optic nerves?
What should I do to get into a top-ranked neuroscience PhD program (Stanford, UCSD)?
What should I do after an MBBS to do research in neuroscience?
Why are all scientists weak and do not do sports? Is it because it has a bad effect on the brain?
Last year my son survived a severe traumatic brain injury & stroke, and the damage to his brain is evident. Has any TBI patient tried stem cell therapy?
What if all the neurons in your brain were activated at the same time?
What’s the science behind ADHD?
What medical test can be done to check if MDMA use caused damage to my brain?
What happens in the brain when someone no longer fears horror movies or roller-coasters?
If you can prove to someone that their worldview is fundamentally wrong, does that physically damage their brain?
What is the speed of thought in the human brain?
Hypothetically speaking, how would someone know if their brain can't hold anymore information?
Can marijuana permanently deplete dopamine levels?
How does “the Mozart effect” affect the brain?
Is the conscious mind more of an afterthought or can it actually override our subconscious?
Could science create a human being with consciousness and dissent of emotions?
What are the symptoms for Brain Tumour?
Is there a way to get a neural implant (or something of the sort) to enhance my intellectual capabilities?
How common is the brain-eating amoeba Balamuthia mandrillaris?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
Why does your brain escape to a subconscious reality or daydreaming?
Is there any difference between the head and the brain?
Can adults maintain the levels of brain malleability found in children?
What are the consciousness equivalent of the physical entropic momentums for separation in the universe?
What are the functions of the cell membrane in a neuron?
What effect does a change in altitude have on receptor sites in the brain?
Neurologically, does long-term happiness even exist?
What is the sympathetic nervous system, and what function does it serve?
Could the human brain survive wounds, cuts and lacerations and still function properly?
Is remote deviceless neural recording be feasible electromagnetically?
Where can I get the best treatment for a brain tumor?
What are the proven natural methods of increasing brain serotonin levels?
Do we get heavy while we are not conscious?
How can we feel our own brain?
Could neuroscience and technology enable access to human memory?
When I am high and I get paranoid, what is actually happening in my brain?
How can the basic structure and function of the nervous system be described?
What are the different areas of the cerebral cortex and their functions?
Are there any neurological differences between the brains of morning and evening persons?
What should I do if I make a mistake that cause great damage to the company?
How do mnemonics, and different memorization techniques like method of loci affect the forgetting curve?
What does severely reduced CMAP amplitudes imply?
What are the differences between neuritogenesis and neuroplasticity?
What is a problem our math can't solve but our brains can intuitively?
Will I have a decrease in grey matter in my brain after using Risperidone for 5 months?
What do you think of studying brain waves to decipher what a person is thinking?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
How can human consciousness change, and the meaning of consciousness be changed, by BCI machines, like the proposed idea of a neural lace which can merge?
What should I do about a migraine/epilepsy like state with strong headaches and a loss of consciousness?
If the hippocampus gets injured, how long does it take for it to recover through neurogenesis?
How can you describe the function of the reticular activating system in our brain?
What are the recent advances in treatment and prevention of cluster headache attacks? Are MDs today more familiar with CH than 20 years ago?
If neurons can change neurotransmitters, doesn't that mess up memories?
What is the function of a peripheral impeller?
Would a memory loss impact a person's personality?
What are the functions of Gyrus?
Can humans feel time as they feel pain or pleasure?
How do we get brain freezes?
How can I develop the brain?
How do I use 2D brain MRI images with an SPM tool?
What is the scope of neuroscience? What jobs can I get after doing MSc neuroscience?
Are our brains working under distributed mechanisms?
Why haven't we fully understand our brain?
What does it mean, neurologically, to like or dislike something? Both through genetics and through association etc. what are the differences between individuals?
How far are we from curing jealousy?
Could it be possible one day to extract information/memory from a person’s brain when they are alive and also after a person dies?
Where should I buy Solutions Learning and Cognition The Design of the Mind?
What are the characteristics of a frontal boundary?
What are the best foods to support your brain and thinking?
Is there any way to forget certain parts of bad memories and prevent our mind from thinking about them?
How much can you learn in life before your brain forgets something else to make room?
Why does LF reflect sympathetic nerves while sympathetic nerves increase the heart rate?
What is episodic buffer working memory characterized for?
Can a CS major get admission into a neuroscience program?
What does magnetoencephalography measure, and what is its importance?
What key things would you put into the bioecological model of human development as the contributors to age-related cognitive decline?
Is there any cocktail of stimulants that might enhance function better than one stimulant alone?
What can be an explanation for having a deja vu of a deja vu which at the same time tells you what is going to happen next, as if you already knew?
Can a physiotherapist worsen nerve damage, or do they help it?
From depression to memory loss, what would you feel when even your father doesn't recognise you?
Why is there a space between two neurons? Why can’t it all be interconnected?
What are the most interesting academic articles you have read on pineal gland?
Is there research on the brains of people who have unusual pen grip?
What are the best tips for remembering anything?
Is it possible to train a neural network on the electric pulses in the human brain?
How can short-term memory loss be cured?
Is the Internet the brain and all of us commenting on it are the synapses firing off?
In what ways does Mescaline help with brain growth?
Do the frequency waves of brains really work?
Do you have ESP/extra sensory perception?
Have you survive without being conscious?
How do I disassociate from those who are body conscious and find more friends as well as a partner who are soul conscious?
Which one is known as the brain of the cell?
What does the limbic system control?
Wikipedia says people rarely choke to death in motor neuron disease, they just stop breathing in their sleep. Is it true?
Does chronic insomnia decrease brain functions?
In Huntington's chorea, GABAergic neuron loss causes increased dopaminergic activity. Can we use this principle in parkinsonism to improve dopamine levels?
Is the "Critique of Pure Reason" more important because it explains what the brain can do, or because it explains what the brain can’t do?
How sharp should our brain be if we want to work for NASA?
Will I suffer brain damage if I watch too much reality television?
Do you agree with the opinion that AI is only a mathematical simulation of the human brain (the idea is from the book On Intelligence)?
How does our thought system affect our surroundings and in what manner can we contribute to our social circle at large, being just a little element?
What's the best brain boosting medicine for college students? How it affects our health if we stop use it?
What is the point of ''looking for answers'' since answers are only provided by our own subjective input (how each brain is uniquely wired)?
Does the subconscious mind really work? If so, then why do people still suffer?
How can you describe the function of the nervous system in humans?
What are dyadic and triadic synapses, and how are they different from regular synapses?
Have you ever had shared deja vu with somebody at the exact same time?
Can stimulating the right hemisphere of the brain cause better brain function?
Do neurons code memories with population code or with spiking code and how does it work?
Is it possible to increase intelligence, brain power and IQ?
If people were able to bend elements, how would neuroscience change?
Can we keep the brain functioning properly without a body?
How do I directly talk to my subconscious mind to complete a wish in a few minutes?
Is there any biology link, like an additional chromosome or dysfunction in the brain, that links psychopathy, narcissism and sociopathic behaviour?
If you were to significantly puncture or lacerate your hippocampus, would scarring then occur?
What would cause a 2 month old's brain to start shrinking and have seizures?
How is the brain affected by clutter?
Can one see brain changes externally, i.e., through the skull shape?
How deep is our understanding of unconsciousness?
Where/what are some of the most interesting circuits in the CNS?
Can we see our thoughts?
Is there any way to bring on the effects of MDMA?
The brain has no pain receptors. Does that mean mental illness is an alternative way to signal to the brain that there is something faulty, or wrong?
Can brain damage after a cardiac arrest be cured?
How is neural code meaningful to the brain?
Is Fur Elise good for the brain? I have read that it's not.
Neuralink is a company that plans to make humans smarter with brain implants. Will monkeys or even giraffes learn to talk and reason with implants?
What part of the brain is responsible for propioception?
How can I train my brain to be a brilliant student using photographic memory?
Our mind changes our body language but does our body language change our mind?
Is it possible to consciously access all the information held within our own DNA?
Which are the best and affordable toys that work on brain power/mind power?
How does music affect the brain and why is it so powerful? How come we appreciate different kinds of music?
Are we the only conscious beings, or does the Universe have its own consciousness as well?
How are images and other things stored in brain?
What should I do if my brain works too slow and I forget easily?
Is it possible to transfer information from the internet to the brain?
How closely is music connected to memory?
If you were to lacerate or puncture your hippocampus, would it then cause scarring and lead to amnesia and memory problems, etc.?
How long does it take to wake up from a coma and leave the hospital?
How can I boost the neutralisation of unpleasant events by the brain?
Is it possible to have consciousness without metabolism in a living organism?
Why does the American public have such a short memory?
Does cracking one's bones actually cause damage?
How do agonist and antagonist neurotransmitters compare?
How does population coding work in neurons?
How can I increase synaptic plasticity?
Do we know, or have a prevalent theory for, what human consciousness is and how it is physically manifested in humans?
Is it possible to train our brains to have a work ethic and focus to the level of Elon Musk (so that we can work 100 hours a week)?
What is the effect of a thalamic lesion?
How is the endosteal layer of the dura mater different from the meningeal layer?
If a person's consciousness is taken and transferred in a robotic body, will that be the same person, how will he feel?
What does being 27% neurotypical entail for an individual?
Why does my back and my right eye hurt when I get a brain-freeze?
What shows that some sportsmen have poor memories?
How can we measure pain? I know that every living being feels pain, but how much? And secondly, do ants feel pain much more than us?
Is information non-physical?
What is myelin, from a structural perspective? Where does the Schwann cell component end and the fatty acids begin?
If a man had no cannabinoid receptor sites in his brain how would that affect his moods?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
What neurological/chemical or brain wave events (if any) correspond to alternate readings of a passage, say toggling between literal and metaphoric?
Are there still remnants of a fish brain within the brain of homo sapiens?
How do neurons work when we are working for imaginary thought?
Is there a chance of brain damage in boxing?
Does watching reality television cause brain damage?
What is the difference between brain dead and coma?
What if all synapses in your brain would be as strong as they can be?
Why does paclitaxel cause so much nerve damage?
How do areas in the brain signal for glucose and oxygen deficiency?
How does changing from right hand to left hand help my brain?
What are some affordable but quality colleges that offer an undergrad major in neuroscience?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
What are the 4 lobes of the cortex?
Is there a fullproof evidence of mind or subconscious mind?
How do antidepressants know where in the brain to release the medication?
How would the human brain process memories if you were immortal?
What type of muscle hose contraction does not require outside nervous stimulation?
What parts make the nervous system?
How do I use my brain?
What is an itch? Why do we get itches? And what happens when we scratch it?
Can someone in a vegetative state feel something?
How fast do we store information in our minds?
How is it possible to live with only one side of your brain?
How do I get into the Max Planck Institute for a PhD in neuroscience?
Does taking daily nature walks cut your Alzheimer's risk by half?
Are memories in the brain connected throughout the brain? How are they connected?
Does memorization improve our memories?
What are the association areas in the brain?
At what age is déjà vu most common?
What would happen if everyone had the same brain overnight?
Can you cut off circulation to the brain by putting your head on your arm or desk and sleeping?
How do you fix a lazy brain?
Why do I have trouble remembering left from right in a split second?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
Will a psychopath have any frontal lobe activity on a brain scan?
Do you still remember you are bisexual after losing memory?
What is your personal opinion of why humans have consciousness?
What is the role of cerebrospinal fluid?
What would happen if somebody trained an AI to manipulate humans, like a kind of AI psychopath? Could such am AI psychopath be way more powerful than a human one?
How are the different types of nerve cells structured?
How do fractal animations influence the brain?
Does social consciousness exist independent of our individual consciousness? Is a collective of individual consciousness conscious/unconscious?
Can you function normally if your head were to be split open but your brain is still intact?
What part of the brain works with reactions? If someone had a concussion, how can part of the brain hinder the rate of reaction?
Can you recover from a head trauma and coma with full brain functionality?
How are memories stored and recalled biologically?
How can I get peace of mind when my brain is unnecessarily running or thinking all of the time?
I am making a lot of spelling mistakes lately. I am also misspelling words I usually know the spelling of. Should I be worried?
Is the criteria of “adult” based on brain development, culture or politics?
Is there a way to repair brain damage/ disorders?
Why does LF reflect sympathetic nerve while sympathetic nerve makes heart beat faster?
How do you optimise the quality of the life of a dog with a brain tumour?
If everything encompassing us is primitive, innate and predetermined, why give us autonomous consciousness? Isn't it going to cause discrepancies?
Could alzheimer', dementia, senility or other such mental diseases of the elderly make a transgendered person later in life forget they transitioned?
Can static electricity cause any harm to the head or brain?
Can brain damage from tardive dyskinesia be seen on an MRI?
How does just connecting neurons in our brain create all of our brain’s functions and memory?
Does driving on the beach cause damage to a car?
What is the evolutionary origin of the default mode network?
How can I check my mind ability?
Is magnesium important for nerve impulse transmission?
Does epilepsy cause a loss of sensation down one side of the body?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
When a person loses oxygen to their brain and it begins to dies, which parts of the brain tend to go first?
How far are we from a bionic/prosthetic hand capable of playing the piano?
What are some characteristics of cholinergic agonists?
What are all of the problems that I have in my brain?
How does dopamine cause Parkinson's disease?
Is transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) therapy recommended?
What evidence is there that consciousness is anything other than biological?
What are the main parts of the central nervous system (CNS)?
What parts of the brain make up the cerebral cortex?
How does alcohol affect the brain, making one do foolish things?
What makes brain store the memories?
What does a motor cortex control?
What is a postganglionic neuron?
What is a simple neuron circuit that explains classical conditioning?
What is the main function of the olfactory tract?
If one human was able to absorb all the information available on the internet, could the brain physically handle it and what would happen to it?
Why does the prefrontal cortex need the visual cortex?
How does one recover from cognitive brain damage such as the ability to solve problems quickly after long-term usage of antidepressants?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
Why can’t I fully express, describe, picture and explain everything in my brain as clearly, meaningfully and truthfully as a unique individual?
Does depression impair working memory?
How large is the nerve tissue that extend from the cervical central nervous system? Specifically does this tissue branch/insert over the shoulders?
How can free radicals damage our brain cells?
Do psychedelics impair executive function?
How can we decide which neurons fire?
Is there any medicine for memory loss?
Is Autism a neurological disorder and if so how to determine for its remedial measures?
When I was a kid, I got a shock by leaning my forehead against a non-lethal electric fence. Could this have damaged my brain?
Is it physically possible for the brain to store enough information to learn all dialects of all languages?
With intelligent machines to do the thinking, will our brains get lazy?
What happened to the Salvadoran woman with with the brain tumor whom ICE dragged out of her hospital bed to deport?
Why don’t our brains notice the the second “the”?
If we could make artificial brains and hearts for humans that could operate 24/7 without flaws, would that mean that humans could live forever?
What is the difference between an artificial neuron and a fuzzy neuron?
Does depression significantly impair cognitive function?
Why am I asked to test Physics instead of Biology when I applied for neuroscience?
What is the function of the brainstem in the brain?
What is the most badass thing about neuroscience?
What is the function and location of the thalamus?
Is there a correlation between larger heads and larger brains?
Can a child's brain be emulated and that data be stored and stitched up creating a functional brain in a virtual environment hence creating an AI?
Why is the human brain more creative at night?
Does epilepsy show up on an MRI?
Can the brain get areas of tension like a muscle knot? (Scientifically proven?) If so, are there established techniques to relax that tension?
Is there a way to erase an event from our memory completely, like it never happened?
Is there any stimulus from the brain to the neurons after damage or does the brain stop sending neural messages?
Does the heart produce a magnetic field? If so, then why? And how can we measure it?
Is manic intelligence "a thing?"
The value of vinpocetine is widely acclaimed as being very healthy for the brain. Do you use this?
What would happen if we cut the vagus nerve?
Is there a condition that causes the brain to associate people with numbers?
Could our gut's brain experience qualia?
Can the brain think and worry itself to exhaustion?
How do the motor nerves work?
How do specific meditation techniques train the brain in different ways?
What neurons in the brain start thoughts, and how do they start?
How would the world be like if we were all born with developed brains?
Can bupropion attenuate amphetamine neurotoxicity?
Do neurons by themselves, take decisions?
Should I use my brain more?
My brain is singing all the time even after I wake up. Are there any negative effects of that?
What are examples of nervous systems?
Does the experience of a book "embed" as deeply in the memory/brain of the observer as a first person, 'real life' experience does?
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
How would you know that your brain is aging?
According to neuroscience, is "self" a sort of hierarchical synthetic unity of experiences or is there some "I" who's uniting experiences within it?
Is the mind formless? Is the brain the same as the mind?
How can the human brain be understood with only the human brain as a tool?
What does an enteric nervous system control?
Does sniffing gas cause permanent brain damage?
Why are electronics bad for your brain?
How do thoughts come to our mind/brain? Has it been proven scientifically?
How does brain create new personalities (people we have never seen in our wake time) in our dreams? What causes their appearance in our dreams?
What does the red nucleus do in animals besides humans?
What happens to our brains and bodies when we are attracted to someone?
What are some simple ways to reprogram the subconscious mind?
Is Heidelberg University better than Humboldt University for a master's education in neuroscience?
Is there a relationship between dopamine and obesity?
What are the risks of an induced coma?
How can I improve my memory? I'm 29 years of age. I work in finance & I have a bad memory. I was advised by my Supervisor that I'm a scatter brain.
Why have humans developed the best sonars, and yet our brains still can't compete with the plum-sized bat's brain?
Do thoughts come from our brain? Is it proven by science?
How amazing is Quora, when I can sit in bedroom and drench my brain in wisdom?
Is there any way I can significantly improve my reading ability? My brain doesn't struggles to reliably process the meaning.
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
Is the rhinocoel analogous to the temporal lobe of the human brain?
What can I do to improve my short-term memory and enhance my ability to retain information?
What are the latest developments with current research on decapitated animal head revival?
Thoughts come from vibrations, so is the mind similar to, let’s say, steal water?
What is a golden memory?
How can I make my brain capable of consuming and maintaining insane amounts of knowledge?
Is consciousness truly of a different character when compared to other things in the physical world?
Can a person having short term memory become an IFS?
Where is the better institution for brain mapping in India?
Does taking l-tyrosine lead to an increase in tolerance related to dopamine production or intake?
Is the human brain infinite?
Do different tastes activate different patterns in neurons?
Is there any way to make the nervous system produce more GABA?
Do all humans have the same brain structures?
What neurotransmitters play a role in OCD?
Why is the brain so thirsty for words in the form of an internal voice?
Why is a neuron not the longest cell?
My biology instructor stated that neurons do not regenerate nor form new connections. I'd like to think I am living proof that they do. Is she wrong?
What type of hydrate formation in brain tissue is responsible for the anesthetic effect of substances such as chloroform?
Would injecting BDNF directly into (or onto) a brain area increase neurogenesis?
Why do we have to remove excess water from the brain of someone at the age of 77?
What does the right temporal lobe control?
Transcranial stimulation uses electromagnetic forces to manipulate brain activity, so why can't consciousness be a pool of information in EM form?
What academic degree should I get in order to control the minds and nervous systems of the people in the future?
What is the size of a single ion channel?
What are the effects on IQ and brain on a person brought up with fear?
Are human brains inherited?
Does pain cause releasing of cortisol?
How does the brain interpret relative distances while looking at 2D images on a screen?
What if deja vu is the result of time travel and changes to events that occur thereafter?
Is there a place for a neurobiology/neuroscience undergrad in the tech world, such as Neuralink, AI, etc.?
If our brains had a completely efficient, happiness-seeking chemical auto-regulator that’s always on, would we be able to experience sadness?
Is it safe for a person with a brain tumour to walk her dog?
Can the FP1 electrode alone be used to classify left vs. right hand movements?
What if a single neuron cell in your brain was replaced with another neuron that was made of antimatter?
I lost total control and feeling in my arm after prolonged resting on my elbow on a wooden desk while studying. Why did this happen?
What are some examples of the auditory ossicles?
What does ‘brain’ mean?
Is it possible to have both aphantasia and a visual synesthesia?
Do antidepressants cause temporary memory loss?
If the brain is used 100% as scientists actually try to define, then why does every individual have a different level of brain power? How can it be increased?
Do all mammals have deja vu?
Do Fox News watchers get aroused when they see liberals upset?
What is it called when somebody can see through your eyes, control your nervous system, and communicate from a distance?
Does a thought come into our mind? Is it proven scientifically?
If you had the ability to erase one bad memory from your mind, what would it be?
What are the benefits of heart rate coherence?
Does understanding something improve our memory of it?
Does a mild traumatic brain injury or a concussion change the way you age? What are the effects of aging with a brain injury? I got therapy.
Is the life the matter of brain and words?
What are the most commonly used dopamine reuptake inhibitors?
What is the function of the septum pellucidum, and how does it carry out its function?
What do you think of meditation? Can a person with extreme practice of meditation gain control over involuntary bodily functions?
Is there a correlation between a larger brain and a more complex brain?
What are the benefits to having a more complex brain?
How much faster is the human brain compared to a computer?
Our brain controls our whole body, but what controls our brain?
Which one does affect your brain positively: speaking slang or thinking positive?
Do all humans have different brain sizes and structures? If so, what changes does it create?
If the brain is unconscious during sleep, then how do we see dreams?
What neurological diseases occur in teenagers?
How could Neuralink prevent a bad artificial Intelligence outcome?
What happens to my visual cortex if my eyesight is lost? Does it degrade?
If there's a chance that our brain has a similarity with the neural network, then what lesson should we take in order to live better?
Is a very small epidural hematoma a sign of severe brain injury?
What is the difference between the rational brain and the primitive brain as we bridge emotional intelligence and neuroanatomy?
What's the best way to die so as to leave your brain to science?
What are the different types of cognitive distortions?
What is serotonin toxicity and how is it manifested?
Why are there certain configurations of atoms that give rise to consciousness, and could a computer experience them too?
Does thought come from our brain? Is it proved in any way scientifically?
Has anyone ever been in a coma? If so, do you remember anything from it?
Does continued alcohol use cause the same changes in the brain as antidepressants do?
How does our brain learn good (healthy) and bad (unhealthy) habits?
What are the four lobes of the brain and what do they control?
Could it be scientifically possible to transfer our consciousness into robotic bodies?
Why do different SSRIs work for different people when all of them just increase available serotonin?
Do frogs have sensory neurons?
Have you experienced a progressive decline in your ability to recall what you've studied?
Which parts of the brain are active while 1) studying and 2) while doing other work, like juggling?
Why is there a tendency for psychology to be reduced to neuroscience?
How does one choose a lab to volunteer at?
Would the dominion mandate (Genesis 1:26-28) apply to other humans if they were to lose consciousness and become animalistic?
If brain training games don't work, is there anything that does improve brain function?
What are the indications of NG intubation in a conscious patient?
Can a supercomputer supersede the human brain in calculations/processing speed? Can it beat a person while playing complex games?
Can reversible MAO-B be used in conjunction to methylphenidate?
How do neurons choose which patterns they respond to?
Can shaking your hair dry cause brain damage?
Which "came" first, consciousness or brain cells?
Why are there so many problems in my mind and brain?
How do you increase the quality of life for an individual with cerebellum hypoplasia?
I'm doing a school project on the goat's nervous system. Is there anyone who has a diagram of it?
Are similiar memories close to each other in the brain?
How are visual memory stored and retrieved in the human brains?
Is it possible to live happily with a wandering mind?
What, if anything do coma patients remember during that time?
Does the MBTI psychological sequence of sensing, intuition, thinking, and feelings have any influence on brain neurology and human perception?
Is there a correlation between having a larger brain and intelligence?
How can you describe the function of the spinal cord in the brain?
When would we be able to save information directly to our brains like a flash drive?
Which books can I read concerning the mammmalian brain characteristics?
How do our brains organize information?
Why should we feed our brain if the brain doesn't perform miracles to change our lives in a better way?
What are the recommended psychology and human behaviour books?
Where does the concept of a shared consciousness come from?
What is the power of our subconscious mind?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
Are our calculating skills limited by the brain, or can they be improved?
How do you think the human mind would be affected if it was proven that your consciousness survives death? How would atheists cope?
What are the powers of a human brain?
Does consciousness just “follow” our brains?
How do I get an IQ of 2,500 and the highest intelligence level quickly?
Is it possible to be conscious and unconscious at the same time while sleeping?
Can meditation help cure brain diseases?
Is it possible to consciously think about two or more thoughts, ideas or words at exactly the same time? If not, why not?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
What happens to a human body just after death (do metabolism and brain activity suddenly stop)?
Is deja vu related to dreams?
Can hyperventilating while running negatively affect the brain?
Do all fighters get brain damage in the future? Does anybody know any MMA fighters who have retired with no brain damage & are in old age?
What is the best diet when developing extra sensory perception & telekinesis?
What is MRI brain extraction in deep learning?
How can I get into high gamma brain states (not sound frequencies methods)?
How does a particular region of the brain become active when I think of something?
Is the classification of the brain normal?
What is the function of an afferent axon fiber?
How did the adoption of complex language affect human consciousness?
Do we get the benefit of chanting if we do it without full consciousness?
Do you know of any ways to cope with a phobia about your mathematical ineptitude, especially mental arithmetic? The correct term is dyscalculia.
Can you rewire your brain to love someone?
Is there a disorder or disease in which your brain doesn't flip the upside-down image your eye perceives back around?
Which school would be a better choice for a dual major in psych & bio: University of Rochester or Wesleyan? What about for neuroscience?
Einstein became a genius because of his big brain. So that means I never can be as successful as him with my normal brain?
What’s the basis of the method of Loci?
Is human memory important nowadays?
How many simple neurons can a laptop simulate?
How much would it cost to edit The Matrix to restore the original plot where the machines were harvesting humans for the brain's processing power?
Could a dog's brain evolve to be as intelligent as a human brain given millions of years or more of evolution?
Do most people have a stroke and lose the ability to learn?
How long does short term memory last?
Is it possible to survive a gunshot to the brain?
Out of every nutrient humans need, which ones directly sustain psychological health?
What is the difference between Einstein’s brain and my brain?
Why hasn’t my brain been working for a week?
Are colour and light independent from the brain’s presumptions?
Do you think Kapil Mishra faked the incident of losing consciousness?
How fast can the human brain evolve?
What is hippocampal afterburner? How could it be used to design the span and subjects of a semester in a university?
Can a person survive if their brain is surgically removed?
Which part of the brain is producing thoughts?
What is the term for when we read a book, the characters look to us as people we have met?
If pain is a signal being sent to the brain, would vampires feel pain? (for a creative project)
How do you develop an aneurysm on the brain?
What behaviors and rules do neurons follow?
Is MI-brain activation a hoax?
In epilepsy, what makes you have seizures?
How do the cranial nerves work?
What is the effect of watching movies on dopamine release?
What is a major difference between the effects of compassion based and attention based meditation on the human brain?
How do we remember things? Which neurons are responsible for this?
What does it mean if time seems slower, like songs that once seemed fast are now slow? If your brain speeds up, would you feel like time was slower?
How does your nervous system affect your physical strength?
What is the capacity of the brain in the unit of technological space (megabytes, terabytes, etc.)?
What is the difference between afferent and efferent axons?
What is an app or software for faking brain activity?
Are there any examples of mind/brain limitations?
How can a human brain be more complex than another?
Would performing a non surgical procedure or stabbing the brain cause it major harm compared to other brain surgery procedures?
Could IC design be applicable in neuroscience?
Is it possible that the fillings we get as children could have affected the development of our brains somehow?
Does the brain produce different amounts of electricity in different people?
Is creativity finite? Will there be a day when our brain will lose all its potentiality to create something new without copying/using past references?
How does somatosensory association happen?
How easy is it to get a mild prefrontal cortex injury by contrecoup?
How do the laws of quantum mechanics affect the way our brain functions?
Which is the more important organ: heart or brain?
How costly is the brain mapping for color blindness in India?
What are the best blogs on neuroscience in Nigeria?
Is it true that you cannot push your brain to be creative?
What are the downsides to having a more complex brain?
Why are we not able to recollect our memories when we are less than a year old?
Can one experience auditory hallucinations in the throes of high anxiety?
Is Neurological damage treatable?
What skills does one gain from solving crossword puzzles?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
How can I choose a PhD topic in neuroscience if I'm interested in many things?
What is the more feasible career transition, a neuroscientist PhD to a psychiatrist or a psychiatrist to a neuroscientist?
People seem to get smarter as they age, does that also mean the brain ages differently than the rest of our body?
What are the ways in which multiple choices play with our brain?
How much variation in brain patterns do people with low MAOA allele/s have?
What is the occipital lobe responsible for?
Can an antidepressant change your brain so much that you don't go for your exam?
What is a network of intersecting nerves in the peripheral nervous system?
Are our hands instrumental in our brain developing its strength?
What's in between conscious and unconscious minds?
Why does sitting as a passenger on a train or in a car for a while make you feel tired?
Why does the opening of chloride channels have an inhibitory effect on neurons?
Could the brain live on as "normal"/survive a puncture wound, if the hippocampus was damaged?
How do games affect the brain? What are the pros and cons?
How do I make sure my brain is at optimum performance the day I need it to be?
Is the memory loss problem due to hypothyroidism temporary or permanent?
Which activities are rewarded by dopamine?
Are radical eliminativists about consciousness P-zombies? Or do they misinterpret the nature of their own consciousness?
Can I get accepted into a neuroscience/psychiatry master’s program with a bachelor’s degree in philosophy?
How do physiological illusions trick our brains?
What would happen if a person consumed alcohol for an entire week?
Is weed bad for the brain as a teenager (let’s say if I smoke 1 gram of sativa every Saturday)?
How do neural patterns work?
What are the features of short term memory?
What is the work of nerve cells and how do they process signals?
When suffering from paraplegia, some reflexes below the place of injury are still possible, but conscious movements are not. Why is this so?
What's the evidence for omega-3′s role in supporting brain health?
What is the relationship between the skeletal system and the nervous system?
How can one increase grasping power of a brain?
Does lying make you stupid?
What is the difference between gap junction and synapse?
How does the shaken baby syndrome (SBS) affect the brain?
What are the best hospitals for deep brain stimulation surgery in Hyderabad?
How much does a normal person use his brain?
How many items can short term memory hold?
What are some ways to depolarize a neuron?
What is a polarized membrane of the nerve cell?
Why don't the pre-bottzinger neurons produce regular respiration?
Do low-dopamine individuals respond much more strongly to Adderall than Ritalin?
Do niacin and vitamin B6 help GABA cross the blood-brain barrier?
When you are about to fall in love, why do you have a lot of energy?
Can you cut yourself on a piece of a shattered skull?
Can you recommend a treatment for the cerebral cortex areas (in any country)?
Why do I see visions in my brain while I'm awake?
Why does an empty state of mind occur?
What are the differences in the brain waves of schizophrenics?
Can a neurologist/doctor give a reference to study neuroscience/medicine at a university, for an outstanding student in the subject(s)?
What happens if we create an imaginary world inside our head?
Why do we need robots and AI when we have human brain? Is it because the human brain is not that smart?
If you uploaded your brain, would that still be you?
How does brain mapping change by doing mindfulness?
Can your eyes capture FPS?
Do doctors sometimes not tell you what they see on your brain scans?
What would happen if I cut a small part of my brain?
Does watching too much adult entertainment change your brain?
Does the brain only understand the words, forms by view, and temperature and measures by hands?
What is the McCollough effect?
Is neuroscience technology a good career?
Is the left brain and right brain concept a myth, or is it true?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
What medications cause hallucinations?
Do people with fewer regrets have better memories?
How many brain cells are there in an average human brain?
Are there parts of the brain which are always turned on?
What part of the brain is responsible for an iris reflex when presented with a bright stimulus?
With a very crucial state exam tomorrow, what are some of things I must keep in mind today so that my brain works actively and at the optimum level?
How can you train your brain not to make mathematical/computational mistakes?
If humans have the capability to control their own brains, would a really advanced human be able to control others’ brains?
How can you describe the function of the spinal cord in the nervous system?
Why does my narcissistic friend have weak short term memory?
How do memories change from an accurate portrayal of events to something altered by emotions?
How do fractal animations influence the brain?
If every thought has a unique neuronal pathway, does it mean we actually know everything but specific neuronal pathways haven't been taken yet?
How do psychedelics affect fine motor control?
Well-defined calcified foci without perilesional edema are seen in the right occipital lobe. Is it dangerous for the brain?
Would you rather lose all of the memories you already have or never be able to make new memories?
I am manipulated into thinking everything is my fault in a relationship. What do I do? My brain is broken.
What are cholinergic agonists used for?
How are memories stored in a neural network?
What function does the radial nerve serve?
What is the meaning of a partial D2-receptor agonist property of armodafinil?
Which has a better program in neuroscience, Wesleyan University or University of Rochester? What about biology and psychology?
What is the neuroscience explanation of growth mindsets vs. fixed mindsets?
Why aren't we conscious of most activities within our bodies? Are they just on too small of a scale?
Can you overcome procrastination and fears by creating multiple personalities for yourself?
How, in your opinion, does consciousness manifest?
Why do I have a lot of problems in my brain?
What characteristics of the mammalian brain make it different from other vertebrates?
Is it true that humans use 10 % of their brains? What happens when we use it to the maximum?
Why do the canals of the brain increase in size at night?
What happens to the brain when you listen to radio in comparison to watching TV?
Can I develop brain atrophy if my spouse has a low IQ?
What is the best way to get through to people in a coma?
What's the biology and neuroscience behind facial emotional expressions?
Is it true that the brain works worse with age? If so, from what age?
Can we temporarily lose our ability to walk?
The total of the brain has what area, including the folds?
How can the speed of neural impulses be measured?
What kind of research do different fields of neuroscience perform?
Are schizophrenia and Parkinson's disease pathophysiologically opposite from each other?
Could fasting for a short period of time improve our health and brain functions?
Is the human brain at the current stage of evolution, capable of acquiring reliable knowledge?
Can a normal person increase his mental capacity to a great level, meaning memory, creativity, etc.?
Did I just lose a significant amount of brain cells?
What is the effect of drugs on the human brain?
Do Schumann resonances resonate with brain gamma waves? What happens to the amplitude of the brain waves in that case?
Can someone increase their level of variability in areas of the brain associated with learning or development?
What results in selective memory?
Is it possible that galaxies are like brain cells in a cosmic intelligence? Each cell is not intelligent by itself, but trillions together are.
Do sensory nerves send different signals/transmissions back to the brain depending on cut severity and the deepness of wound/cut?
Does listening to gamma waves re-wire your brain?
Why is a nerve coming out from my hand?
Can the herb gotu kola stimulate the brains?
Why is my respiratory automatism somehow blocked when I concentrate or in a deep focus?
How do drugs fool our brain (how do drugs work)?
What is the effect of shabu on the brain?
Can cat scratches affect the brain after 10-15 years?
Do lower life forms have consciousness?
Do taste buds have direct neural connections to the brain like sensory nerves or do they use "general" pathways back to the brain?
When someone studies deep philosophical doctrines, do you think it can brainwash their original simple view on life?
What is the effect of drug abuse in a brain?
What are some good exercises for enhancing short-term memory?
I have a hypothesis that knowing multiple languages can reduce the risk of schizophrenia. Do you think it's viable?
What is the cost of an MRI in Hyderabad?
When using a neural structure that has been unreferenced for a while, is there an automatic or systemized endorphin release?
What would be the symptoms of neurotoxicity from psychostimulants like Ritalin and Adderall?
What does memory look like in our brains?
Do benign brain tumors start shrinking after operating with Gamma Knife?
Do gamma waves have a real effect on our brains? I heard it for a few days but am unable to see my progress. Is it good to hear gamma waves while travelling?
How could the idea that we might some day be able to transfer (not just copy) consciousness from a brain into a computer be scientifically justified?
What is the action of glucocorticoids in situ?
How did the evolution of the human brain lead to the two halves controlling different thought processes, or is that a misconception?
What are the main symptoms of microangiopathy in the brain?
How do you deal with a person who feels like banging your head against a wall?
What differences and similarities do ''being alive'' and ''being conscious'' have?
Is it possible to put consciousness inside a machine?
Why is the Babinski sign positive in the upper motor neuron lesion?
How does anger affect the brain?
Are our thoughts something that exist just by thinking it?
If deja vu exists, does that mean we are living in the past and not in the present?
Are nootropics valid cognitive-enhancing drugs?
Am I the only one in my brain?
How do I design an attractive poster for mid-brain activation for summer vacations?
Why are memories so different from reality?
I don't think I'm growing mentally or spiritually. I spend endless hours in phones and hardly apply my brain at all. What should I adapt to improve?
Where is the seat of consciousness?
What will be the growth of the brain health supplements’ market?
Can false coughing be fatal during a brain hemorrhage?
If neurogenesis occurs in the hippocampus to make new neurons, where are other neurons located in the brain and what are they associated with?
How do traumatic memories hide in the brain?
Could someone refute brain in a vat?
Split brain patients seem to have two consciousnesses. Is it possible there are "hidden" consciousnesses (suppressed) in normal human brains?
Which school would be a better choice for a dual major in psych & bio, the University of Rochester or Wesleyan? Which would be better for neuroscience?
How does the brain control what make up the traits of our personality?
Is there a treatment for abnormal activity in the right temporal lobe, resulting in cognitive problems but no seizures?
How many hours should I study before my brain stops accepting information?
Is there a correlation between personal memory loss and individuals who practice confidentiality in their professions?
What exactly happens to your brain day by day week by week month by month when you quit smoking?
Which subfields of neuroscience exist and what are the most applied sciences in each one?
If dopamine is an inhibitory neurotransmitter and it inhibits the corpus striatum, why does a deficiency cause Parkinson's disease?
How good is the psychology and neuroscience program at Wesleyan?
Is seroquel (quetiapine) an irreversible dopamine antagonist, if so do these receptors eventually recycle/regrow after cessation?
What are the scientifically backed ways to prevent Alzheimer's?
Why doesn't the human brain have an exhaust to vent out tension?
Have other meta-humans entered a coma?
How do you prepare & train your mind and soul for difficult upcoming work & decisions?
Can banging my head against a wall cause brain damage even if I didn't have a headache afterwards?
What are physiological brain diseases?
What does Mark Zuckerberg think of brain computer interfaces?
What will happen if a man uses 30 percent of his brain?
What is the difference between neuropeptides and endorphins?
If consciousness creates reality, how can a camera register it?
What is the brain fraid?
When it comes to intelligence, does reading only help one gain knowledge or is there more going on in the brain?
Is there a way or will it ever be possible to erase a person or certain people from your memory?
What books can I read to improve my memory power, concentration, increasing intelligence, staying focussed and making your brain work more efficiently?
Is studying about the brain too difficult?
Where can I find a recent review article on LTP?
According to my school, I get extra time and a reader because my brain processes things at a much slower speed than others. Is there a name for this?
What happens in your brain when you taste new food?
What affects the human brain the most in terms of intelligence and what is the best way to get intelligence?
How do social and cultural context influence judgements on the quality of art?
How do I clear my mind to learn something new/for a session of studies?
How do I resharpen my brain?
If fresh blood and stimulation of the heart were given to a dead body, can we make it alive except for the brain?
Is destiny/fate real? If so, what is the use of our brain to make decisions if everything is already written?
A young girl from India, an autistc savant, was able to read the mind of her mother. Do you believe that ESP is a latent ability buried in the brain?
How long can hyperactive delirium last? Does it ever result in a long-term loss of cognition?
What effect does temperature have on the brain? Could it benefit from liquid cooling like computers do?
How long should a patient wait if they have to undergo major brain surgery to remove a tumour, but are taking Clopilet?
Is "Dope" derived from dopamine?
Is it true that marijuana destroys brain cells or is this a lie?
Which nerve of our body is also called the pregnant nerve?
How do neurons recognize patterns?
Which foods are considered to make you smarter and improve your brain function?
Has anyone had that moment when their brain functions like a supercomputer when they are just about waking up from sleep but not yet fully awake?
How can you describe the function of the medulla in the brain?
What happens if you cut into the brain to access the blood vessels in the brain?
Does exhaling too much carbon dioxide do any damage to the brain?
What would happened if your brain were sucked out of your ears or nose while you were still conscious and able to reason?
What happens if prefrontal cortex is functioning poorly?
What region of the brain allows us to collaborate with others?
What is the best way to test for short term memory?
How can one activate his or her pineal gland? Are there any yogic kriyas specific for this purpose?
What if brain cells could repair?
How long does it take to develop new neural pathways?
What is the most effective method or tool (in your experience) to develop conscious and subconscious coherence?
What could the reasons be for my gradually declining memory, my confusion and losing my train of thought?
What is the best job for epilepsy patients?
In which of the koshas is the karmic information/memories, samskaras and vasanas stored?
How does masturbation affect my brain when I am studying?
What is a conscious relationship?
For how long would your heart have to stop for your brain to shut down?
Are benign brain tumors hereditary?
Is there any neurological basis to the feeling that you're being watched?
Which drug is used to cause permanent memory loss?
What is the best way to get protein extracted from the brain?
Would it be more beneficial to become a doctor or a neuroscientist, or both?
Does Vanderbilt have a good neuroscience program?
How do I check for brain damage?
For how long must a person be unable to breathe or just hold their breath for cerebral hypoxia to take place?
What is the difference between the Racine 1972 and Ben-Ari 1985 scales for monitoring spontaneous recurrent seizures in animal models on epilepsy?
What are some explanations for the phenomenon known as 'deja vu'?
Is consciousness spacial or non-spacial?
Can a medical grad join an M.S or PhD program in computational neuroscience?
What happens to your brain if you have been depressed for a long time?
What is the treatment for microangiopathy in the brain?
Is there any biological basis or neurological basis for why every human being likes some type of music?
If you upload your memories on a computer, would you live your life as a computer?
What is the position of the pineal gland to the mid-brain?
If you are on the autistic spectrum, is there a way to find out what your specific malfunction is?
I titrated lamotrigine too fast before I read about potentially deadly rashes, what should I do now?
How would life be different if we had a hole at the back of our eye to see into our brain?
What is consciousness in philosophy?
Why can't we understand brain function the way we understand computer A.I.?
What is the highest microwave frequency range that is capable of penetrating several cm into lossy water-rich media?
Is there any progress in measuring the quantites of neurotransmitters in the brain?
Does cannabis effect your pineal gland?
What are the steps involved in creating a thought?
What is the evidence base for nicotine's role in preventing dementia (independent of smoking)?
Can only half of a brain be autistic?
Can I control my subconscious mind by listening to audio files while sleeping?
Scientifically what happens in the brain when one is horrified?
Are the reflexes still intact if that person is brain dead?
My brain hurts from all the new information I've learned about life and the universe recently. How can I organize my thoughts properly?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
What are the possible treatments for an old granuloma in the left high parietal lobe? I have already taken medicine from 2002 to 2009.
Which are the most powerful brainwaves for midbrain activation?
What is senior sensory gardening?
Like a cell doesn't know that it is part of a larger organism, would it be possible that each human is a part of a larger consciousness without realizing it?
How long does it take for a memory of anything to get lost in the human brain?
How do consciousness and perception relate?
Does each nerve ending have its own neural pathway back to the brain to transmit its initial location where it was touched, burned, etc.?
What are applications of Time Series in Neuroscience?
How effective is Huperzine A?
How do I fake-convince my brain that I have slept well?
Can The brain cause slow motion?
What is iconic memory, and what is this experiment all about?
What is Elizabeth Loftus’ theory about memory, and what is her process for planting false memories?
In the human eye, where is the action potential first generated?
Why do animals need to have their brains in their heads?
How do you compensate for having a terrible working memory?
Isn't there a live brain donation?
Is it possible to have manic energy directed into a mental activity, say like a working memory test?
How do different parts of the brain influence our behavior?
How does 2-CE affect the brain compared to 2-CB?
How can I create new synapses in my brain?
What happens in the brain when you learn something new?
What are the best methods to refresh your brain to its initial max capacity from a depressed state?
What diet is good for the brain?
What kinds of brain enhancements are theoretically possible?
What is the difference between a preganglionic and postganglionic neuron?
How can I start learning about brain-computer interface from scratch?
Do autistic people have a "hidden IQ" due to their cognitive abilities being limited?
Can we pursue an M.Sc in neuroscience after getting a BPT (a bachelor’s in Physiotherapy)?
Is it normal for a person to feel their brain activity in their brain?
What is the highest stage of mind?
Can we invent a device that calculates the amount of info one's brain contains?
We are not getting complete information about the brain. Why?
How do you transcend the human brain? Or human nature?
How many neurons are in the brain?
Would it be appropriate to say that a cat has a higher level of consciousness than say a bacteria?
How can I get a healthy brain?
Can porn really mess up your brain?
How do I rewire my brain to not allow myself to be controlled by a narcissist?
Why is the abdominal reflex lost bilaterally below the level of the lesion in Brown-Sequard syndrome?
How can you recover from a stroke's facial droop?
How can I stop my brain from filling in the blanks?
What is it like to be a research scientist in neurology?
Is it possible for someone from the past to take control over your brain?
What are the best scientific ways to stop neurological decline?
Are the receptive fields of retinal ganglion cells encoded in our genes, or do they develop with exposure to visual stimuli?
Do impulses exist?
How do people who don't believe in consciousness explain their own consciousness, or are they not conscious? Are their definitions for consciousness different?
In meditation, your conscious awareness can observe your thoughts. What might this mean about the nature of consciousness and the human mind?
Can nerve damage cause someone to be totally mute from birth?
What part of the brain is responsible for possesion of theory of mind?
What's a good dopamine release other than substances and exercise?
Can someone increase their level of variability in the areas of the brain associated with learning or development?
Where can I find studies or research being done (particularly in the UK) on lexical-gustatory synaesthesia which I could participate in?
How can I heal my brain from anhedonia after stopping antipsychotics?
Who has the most powerful brain on this planet?
How can I remain laser focused, despite having 5-6 hours of sleep (like Elon Musk, Nikola Tesla etc.)?
Are neurons, axons and synapses inside the individual brain regions or are they just on the "top portion" and visible?
How are neurons able to store memories?
If you're open-minded, does that mean you have a hole in your brain?
Do neurons die away? Do new neurons come into existence?
Regarding the "pruning" of nueral pathways as we age, can we direct the pruning?
Can Hashimoto's encephalopathy cause aphasia?
In the Circle of Willis, what are the 3 arteries going into, 6 arteries leaving, and 3 completing the circle?
If our brain uses 20% of our energy at rest, does problem solving or other mentally stimulating activities effectively increase our metabolism?
What is the significance of motor cortex in psychology?
Does porn cause memory loss?
Would you need to have a really good working memory in order to be really good at long term memory?
Would you rather try to keep your biological body going or move your brain to a robotic body to extend your life and why?
How large is the brain of an echidna and how intelligent are they?
Are geniculate fibers visible macroscopically in brain tissue?
How does human brain store information?
What will happen if we connect the brains of 2 humans in series in a biological way?
Is consciousness outside the brain a serious hypothesis?
What affects long term memory?
Which part(s) of the brain interpret salience?
How does the brain see images, photos?
Why do I have such low quality brain and genetics?
Is a brain tumor made up of brain cells? If so, can you use it?
Due to the "pruning" which occurs in the sociopathic mind, do their fMRI images differ from a neurotypical image?
What is the difference between the human brain and a computer?
What happens to the brain when we do something against our instincts (for example, when we do something that we don't want to do)?
Why are certain images more stimulating to the brain than others?
Why is it that a teenager's frontal lobe does not reach its maximum development until 25?
What exactly happens in a human brain during conversation?
Why is it tiresome to be mindful or conscious all the time?
Are decisions thoughts?
Out of the 8-9 types of intelligence which 1 or 2 do you believe is the most important/useful?
Should the government implant micro-chips into people's brains to control their behaviours (or else they die)?
Why does the heart still beat when the brain is dead?
What is different about the brains of people who work alone, such as writers, traders, etc.?
How much knowledge can a human brain store?
Is intelligence bound to genetics?
Do people in a coma have any awareness or dreams?
Can someone become a psychopath at a later stage in life? Considering the fact that our brains develop throughout our lives.
Can getting a little electric shock help boost our brain capacity for learning math?
What are my job options with a PhD in neuroscience?
When will we understand how we "observe" consciousness and how it could be transferred without duplication?
How does tea affect the brain?
Can untreated hypothyroidism lead to permanent brain damage/dementia?
When and why does an epileptic attack come on? Is there any fixed solution?
What are the chemicals that the brain uses when someone is in love?
How do genetic memories work?
How is the frontal bone developed?
Does being addictive to Quora reduces creativity and capacity of my brain?
Why isn’t there a memory-erasing device which we can use to wipe out bad memories of our life?
Does the brain have any vestigial structures?
What if you could overstimulate the production of new neurons in your brain? Would you gain more knowledge or just learn better?
Why does life take constant work? Will our brains combust if we stop learning?
Why do I think of everything in gray color?
What are the five sensory nerve receptors found in the skin?
Would the neurotransmitters in your brain ever be able to come back to normal levels after chronic meth use?
What does my reaction to anesthesia say about my brain?
Are neurotransmitters stored in the terminal buttons or the axon?
Is it possible to transfer a human memories to other human brain?
Have you ever noticed your conscious and subconscious mind?
What are the main methods that neuroscientists use to make sense of neuronal networks in the brain?
If we could prove that consciousness is matter, is there anything in science that could allow an afterlife or reincarnation?
What is the process of experiencing a sense through nerves?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
What happens to the brain neural networks/connections you had as a baby, child, adolescent? Do they just disappear with aging?
In what aspects are neuron-like cells different from neurons (considering something like PC12 after differentiation to a neuron)?
If we read something with the intention of teaching it to others, do we retain the content in our memory for longer than usual?
If humans are intelligent, shouldn't our entire bodies be intelligent, with finger intelligence passed to arms then brains?
Would transferring human consciousness into an organic body break the laws of science?
Will it be possible to transfer our brain into a robot so we can live forever?
What is the solution for epilepsy?
Do we really have souls, or are we just alive because of some sort of electricity that is operating our brains?
Is there a way to "disable" or lessen the influence of the limbic system in your brain?
What cranial nerves are responsible for eye movement, and who do they control this process?
How do you cope with sensory sensitivity (Asperger’s)?
What is the purpose of neural transmitter chemicals?
How can someone lose consciousness because of pain intolerance?
Are there any benefits of using fNIR over fMRI or is it just less costly?
What does the subclavian nerve innervate?
Is there a way to unwire hard and soft wires from your brain?
If consciousness wasn't a product of the brain, how would we go about testing that?
Which part of the human head actually hurts in a headache? Is it the brain, the cranium or something else? Also, what is the cause of such a pain?
What are the major fiber tracts of the brain?
Does brain plasticity play a role in addiction?
Which part of the brain is the most the important one?
Is there a source code for our brain?
If the brain is replaced slowly, part by part, with computer hardware, would you still be you, with the same continuous consciousness and not a copy?
Why does the left side of my brain hurts?
How is the diencephalon separated and what is its function?
How do people validate their neural network code?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
What is the involuntary nervous system, and what purpose does it serve?
How might neurotechnology change society?
Why does liver cirrhosis occur more commonly on the right lobe than on the left lobe?
What function does the medulla serve in the brain?
Are there 2 different command centers in the brain?
What effect does the chocolate produces on your brain and emotions?
How does being awake for 24 hours affect the brain?
How important is neuroscience in constructing artificial intelligence?
Is it true that the human brain works in a manner similar to the idea of quantum computer (check details)?
Does the human brain have a limit to the amount of information it can hold?
What functions does the peripheral nervous system (PNS) serve?
What causes a brain worm? How can we cure it?
What are the three types of hormonal stimuli?
How do the endocrine and nervous systems use chemical messengers?
Is grey matter or white matter more important for IQ?
Why is the primary motor cortex in the cortex and not in an older part of the brain?
Do you ever feel overwhelmed and frustrated because there is too much information everywhere that your brain can't absorb?
Why does music (or the sound volume) on your PC appear to sound progressively louder as it gets later in the evening?
Why can't doctors fix Steve Kerr’s cerebrospinal fluid leak?
What function function does the occipital lobe serve?
What happens if your brain produces a surplus of melatonin?
Why don't the memories fade?
Is there a part of my brain that, when I remove it, I won't feel depressed again?
In what part of the brain does thinking happen?
What is a nerve sheath tumor?
Is thinking in the brain a consequence of external worldly stimuli or internal stimuli?
Why can't medical science enhance human abilities?
What parts of the brain are responsible for who we are attracted to romantically?
Can alpha brain waves work on dogs?
What would happen if you put a pig brain in a human and he lived?
How can I stop thinking consciously during every subconscious condition like reading and memorisation?
What do you think it would be like if the entire internet were downloaded into your brain?
What function does the orbitofrontal cortex serve?
What are some effective brain training games on quiz up?
How does the brain know where a pain signal is coming from?
What does a converted left-handed person’s brain structure look like?
What are the different types of cells in the nervous system?
Why are the cell membranes of neurons and nerves more permeable to potassium than sodium?
Can we control electronic gadgets with human brain?
How can be learning power of brain and focus on a particular point be increased?
What is the firing rate of an AR15?
Is there really such a thing as the “homosexual” brain?
Does the opioids activating the receptors cause us to feel good, or do some other things that happen after the opioids activate the receptors?
What parts of the brain are responsible for the "grounding" of oneself and variations in quality, quantity, etc.?
How might neurotechnology be abused?
What is hormonal stimuli?
How can I change my subconscious mind to be more powerful and confident?
Why do neurons cause different experiences in different areas of the brain?
A neurologist used only behavioural and statistical analysis at a lecture on ADHD and it's co-morbidities. Isn't it psychiatry?
Does brain working recursive therapy (BWRT) really work?
How would the file explorer of a brain look like?
Does the brain have algorithms?
What should an AI researcher read to learn neuroscience?
Can we use the Morlet wavelet in EEG data?
How do I overcome brain blocking when speaking another language?
Can you train your brain to feel more empathy - emotional empathy as well as cognitive empathy?
If all sense of feeling is in the brain, then are the perceptions of feelings in the human body merely a projected hallucinations of the brain?
How do you restore your intelligence and memory from the effects caused by THC?
What are some hormones that are NOT released by the pituitary gland?
Does the brain control when you die of old age?
What happens to the brain when you feel discuss?
In how many ways is a morning jog helpful to our body, especially to our brain?
Can we enter into a virtual world with deep brain simulation?
What is the best method to treat epilepsy?
What is the mechanism for the brain to perceive the "position" of pain? Specifically the intestine, which may move without conscious muscle control?
Learning the tricks v.s. discovering them, which one is better for my brain?
Why am I experiencing brain zaps?
What is your review of Eidetic Memory?
Is it possible to use debate as flirtation? Is brain sex a real phenomenon?
How would those around you react if you had the ability to read/sense their thoughts and memories?
What if a human feeds on a small amount of electricity daily? Will it help his neurons to connect better for a good memory?
How does an abundance of neurotransmitters such as serotonin and dopamine affect your life?
What are the neurological differences between hominids and other types of mammals?
Is there any real evidence that marijuana kills brain cells?
What should I do about the fear of having a stroke and losing the languages I knew and this fear preventing me from learning a new language?
Has anyone in a coma whose MRI showed sporadic brain activity and whose EEG flatlined ever woken up?
Is there any potential of incorporating mobile devices (specifically Android and iOS) into neuroscience research?
Do 3D simulations in computers exist in some real sense? And if not, could this be compared to the hard problem of consciousness/AI?
What are careers in neuroscience?
What is the function of the spinal cord in the nervous system?
What is consciousness? Can it be destroyed?
Are babies who are born without most of their brain still conscious? If so, what's the explanation for this?
How long can we preserve the brain and spinal cord (attached) outside the body?
Is there anyone who can control our brain?
What are the layers of the skull and brain?
When were benign brain tumors discovered?
Is idiopathic epilepsy curable in adults?
How many MDs got their bachelor’s degrees in neuroscience?
Was the Bryostatin-1 Phase IIb Alzheimer's trial a failure or success?
If you are brain-dead, why would they give you morphine if you can't feel?
Why do people eat unhealthy food like McDonald’s when their goal is to be healthy? They know it's bad and they want to stop, but they don’t.
Do blind people have better than average working memory?
How split brain patient feel or respond when they are told that they have split brain condition?
Was Remus Lupin the real brains behind the Marauders?
What are the main causes of chemical imbalances in the brain?
How do I keep the brain focused only to a certain things?
Are there any objectivist neuroscientists?
Are there any neurons without a myelin sheath that are not afflicted by MS?
What is our understanding about memory?
If brain zaps are the result of SSRI withdrawal, then why do I experience them while taking my SSRI too?
What is the best neuroscience-associated degree for an AI specialist?
How quickly does amphetamine tolerance build?
Why do we forget our dreams? What happens if we are able to remember all the dreams thoroughly? Is deja vu related to dreams?
What would be the long term affects on the brain and specifically on neurotransmitters when using methcathinone on a long term basis?
Can serotonin/other chemicals in the brain be produced as pills (like melatonin)? How does the effect of a pill compare to the effect by brain production?
What is the function of the trigeminal nerve?
How are IQ tests conducted?
What are the hurdles in creating computerized artificial intelligence, and how will humans know when they have successfully done it?
How do antigens get into the CNS? Do antigens originate in the periphery and migrate across the BBB into the brain?
Would the human brain be able to store all of the information stored in Wikipedia and be accessed at need?
How can people activate cognitive equilibrium?
How can working memory increase long-term focus and attention?
Can all neurological disorders cause asphsia and are all neurological disorders classed as brain damage?
When neural lace becomes a reality, how long before you can upload your brain / knowledge to the cloud?
Is it impossible for guys with Asperger's to improve social skills since the brain is wired different than for normal people?
What is the mechanism which acetylcholine acts to slow the heart from the vagus nerve?
Can a brain-dead male on life support impregnate a woman?
Can the human brain suffer from overfitting?
What is the relationship between the structure and the function of a neuron?
Do crocodile brains slow down when underwater?
If conciousness were the result of complexity, then wouldn't epileptic patients who have the hemispheres the their brains split be only half conscious?
What are examples of sensory motor stimulation?
How does age affect sensory organs?
How can I trick my brain into doing something productive?
How do I know my perception limits?
Is it possible for your brain to ever be quiet?
What will be the user experience for neurotechnology?
What are the natural ways to increase dopamine levels?
How do I get a girlfriend while on the autism spectrum?
Which is the best institute in India for neuroscience research on NHP (Non human primates)?
Is the brain connected to the spinal cord?
Which is the basis of psychoanalysis?
Are huge hive minds possible?
What is the treatment of brain hypoxia?
What chemicals are released in the brain when you’re about to die?
Does the brain live to be awake or to sleep?
Does Groot have a brain?
How important is the subconscious mind in helping us achieve more?
With belief in the paranormal rising, are people abandoning the idea that the mind and the brain are one?
Do we understand the brain enough to make a Neural Lace feasible?
What happens if you remove the forget gate from an LSTM?
How can I stay conscious?
Is a conscious individual with multiple iterations a paradox?
Would it be worthwhile to have a fMRI of my brain to assess the damage from a head injury at age 8?
What would your first few thoughts be if you woke up to find your memories completely erased?
Everyone has both hearts and brains to take important decisions in their life. Will you follow your heart or your brain?
How is the neuroscience program at carleton university?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
How do I increase memory power? I am 29 years old.
Do antidepressants change your brain?
Is it possible that consciousness is only awareness and interacts with our brain to create personality and all that?
Why do video games affect your brain?
Does quetiapine cause permanent brain damage after one use?
Do our neural networks get "wired" in and then just mature over time and grow?
How do I train my mind and make it sharper?
When we map the brain, will consciousness finally be transferable?
How do I shut off my brain's autocorrect?
Does an honest man have a “low brain”?
Why does the neurotransmitter used to stimulate the receptor matter? Why does there have to be more than two neurotransmitters?
Does pyridostigmine work on bulbar onset motor neuron disease?
Can genetic editing rectify possible DNA malfunctions before birth, and help to produce superhumans by improving brain functions?
What is the meaning of LHS in a cortical nephron?
Does the human brain have a frame rate for vision?
Which EM frequencies can go several centimeters through the human brain?
What are some recommended introductory texts in neuroscience for a high school senior, and is it possible to switch to coding if we do a neuroscience degree?
What would happen after a successful brain transplant?
Why can’t we deceive our subconscious mind?
Is there any evidence of consciousness outside the body that hasn't been explained away yet?
In this cognitive age, where the world is moving towards connected apps (speech enabled) and ML orientation, how do you see Wikipedia adopting to digital or cognitive disruption?
Is it true that the brain has the potential, to gain the capacity to attain a photographic memory and raise general intelligence and IQ by a significant margin?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
Is consciousness a series of attentions?
Can full body transplant happen?
Do lombrics have a brain and central nervous system?
How do I stop panicking at night and does browsing the internet during the day quickly bouncing from one thing to another rewire my brain negatively?
Can a ReLU layer be analogized with the action potential in a neuron?
Has a person ever used 100% of their brain?
Is it possible to turn a human brain into a computer?
If nerve fibres are myelinated, then how does the rate of conduction of impulses increase?
Can you prove you are conscious or that your consciousness exists?
Is the method of scientific study of consciousness totally unrelated to the supposed understanding of consciousness in mystic traditions?
Scientifically, what is the earliest memory a human being is capable of remembering?
What should I do to start working in the bionics industry?
How can the slow-wave at on-chip devices be enhanced?
What part of brain trainings are used by programming?
How can we make AI, when we are not even sure that we are conscious, how can we make consciousness then?
What are high paying careers for neuroscience PhDs?
What is the subtle difference between psychosomatic sensations and tactile hallucinations?
Do you think INTJ's are contingency/efficiency planners because their sensory threshold is low (to minimise the impact on the senses)?
If a genie granted me the instantaneous knowledge of all humans that have ever existed, in what way, if any, would my brain physically fail?
Why does megaloblastic anemia cause hallucinations?
What is the cure for epilepsy in dogs?
Is there a wavelength that could pass through the entire brain?
Is it visual and tactile hallucinations if you see things in vision like eye floater flies and feeling a sensation crawling on you that's not there?
Is there any evidence to suggest that consciousness could exist outside the body?
What do the water and fat do inside your brain?
Does listening to rock songs affect the brain adversely?
How do I know if I have permanent brain damage?
What should I do when I feel head pain?
Does cinnamon help the brain?
Why should we not all think of humanity instead of thinking our own faith, creed or synonyms​?
Do any other species, other than humans, also have cerebrospinal fluid to protect their brain?
Can a computer program or a gadget read human minds?
For those with grapheme synesthesia, what do you see in vision tests?
What are the long-term effects on people who never apologize even when they are at fault?
What roles do fat and water play inside your brain?
Can the frontal lobe be strengthened to increase impulse control?
What are the functions of nerve cells in the brain?
How does the interaction of color affect brain GPS and/or auditory processing?
How are consciousness, unconsciousness and memory related?
Is there any way to increase I.Q. level?
How different are your thoughts from 3am to 3pm?
What are the different kinds of neurons?
Is flow (state of mind) a type of divination?
From a neurological perspective, what causes songs that we have not heard in a while to randomly come into our heads? Is this random?
What kind of computer-like tech would it take to make an exocortex (an artificial extension of the human brain)?
What does consciousness really mean?
Do you sometimes have problems to discern whether your thought is memory or only product of your imagination?
How can I get started in brain computer interface?
What should you do immediately after you've hit your head?
Do humans know the precise science of creating feelings (thoughts)? Without science, how do we ascertain that there's free will? We also need feelings in order to choose?
How can your brain generate positive vibes when you don’t have any hope in life?
How do I get over an old accident memory?
Can a higher dose of chemotherapy treatment cause a permanent damage to a man's fertility?
How does aggression affect the human brain?
How do I increase the size of my corpus callosum?
Why do we denote impulse with 'J'?
Does certain medicine affect the ability to love a person?
Is cocaine an amphetamine?
How do I think faster in the moment?
What is a neural encroachment?
What is the difference between a neurological and a psychological disorder when using a Venn diagram?
Is there any kind of song which can make our brain blank or simply hypnotise us?
I’m teaching about the guillotine and beheadings as punishments. How long is the head alive after a quick separation?
Where does the human consciousness go when you are in a dream state?
Will we eventually be able to hack into peoples brain?
Which animals have single-lobed brains?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
What is pinch-off?
How does the visual system affect balance?
Are we merely our brains as humans?
What kind of bond is important in the biochemical processes that involve nerve impulses?
Is it possible to digitize consciousness?
Is there a possible way to recall old memories?
I want to enhance my working memory. How do I go about in doing so?
What are the short term things you do to improve your personality instantly?
How do you treat a neural encroachment?
Why are squid model organisms used for neurological studies?
How could a real mammal handle having more than one brain (and/or more than two pairs of legs)? (In fiction, the possibilities are endless).
What is peripheral interface adaptor?
Why do some believe that playing chess will only improve chess skills, when the skills themselves require the skills that are used on an IQ test?
Are there any differences between awareness and self-consciousness?
What are some long-term things you can do to improve and/or build your personality/character?
Would a headshot victim feel pain?
Is it possible to control our dreams?
What would be the use of consciousness without any memory?
What comes first - the postsynaptic specialisation or the presynaptic terminal?’
If the soul does not exist, how does deja vu happen?
Are there any ways to recall old memories through exercises for the brain? What are some factors that might play a role?
When people say a drug "increases" the level of a neurotransmitter, do they actually mean it agonizes/inhibits reuptake?
Who have bigger prefrontal cortex: men or women?
How does learning by trying and failing change the brain?
Could chronic psychostimulant use (Ritalin/Vyvanse/Adderall) cause someone to permanently lose their ability to be happy? (Read Descriptions.)
Does human memory power decrease with age?
What is the best way to learn about computational neuroscience?
Can epilepsy cause ED?
What are some bad experiences and memories of studying in Kota?
Do gingers really feel more pain?
Can a B.Sc horticulture student join NCBS or TIFR for a PhD in neuroscience?
What are some examples of exceptional artwork relating to consciousness?
Why does 11β-HSD2 deficiency cause apparent mineralocorticoid excess (effects like mineralocorticoids binding its receptors) but not glucocorticoids?
How far are we from human hibernation?
I have this ability where I can create a very vivid and visual mind map of the places I've been, what could this be?
Can the conducting power of the nervous fibres increase?
How our brain uses oxygen to regulate the body?
What leads to a neural encroachment?
Is Huperzine A safe to consume for memory boosts in the long term?
In the war between the heart and the brain, why does the brain always win?
Are treadmills good or bad for sensory processing disorders?
Is it possible that my brain is degrading right now?
Is the FC receptor on an NK cell different than the FC receptor on antibodies?
Are the longest neurons in our body born at birth and do not regenerate?
What can one do to increase the airflow in the brain and reduce insanity?
Why do auditory hallucinations happen?
Does a person shot in the head feel pain?
Can having more sex damage our bodies?
If it is true that sounds and GPS share firing patterns in the brain, should sound play a role in the Heisenberg uncertainty principle? Or does it?
How long does PCP induced insanity last? Or does it cause a permanent damage?
Can the human brain be overloaded? Or is the stress we experience just due to "over stretching" our mental capacity
What do you use for opioid induced constipation?
How does the brain process stimulation and then transform it to memory only in neurons?
Can plagiarism cause too much loss to a person? If yes, how?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
Can I have my amygdala removed?
Do brain cells die after reoxygenation?
Why can't we solve any problem with cognitive neuroscience modeling?
When a surgeon causes a loss of a kidney and massive blood loss during a surgery, do they have any obligation to assist the patient in following up with these things?
How can the discrepancy in interpretation of neuroreceptor binding potential be resolved?
What is a very useful brain hack that everyone should know?
Why do some positive memories get suppressed?
Can you keep having breath-holding breaks to evolve your brain to last for longer times with less oxygen?
What degrees or subjects do I need in 12th class and at the undergrad level to become a neuroscientist?
Which elements help in transferring impulse in nerves and how?
What is going on inside my head?
What is the neurochemistry behind the flow state? It seems to have some cortisol to get you anxious but also something else that doesn't freeze you.
What methods of neuroplasticity can be used to train the subconscious mind?
What are the general categories for Hz used in binaural sleep videos?
Would earpods work for binaural beats?
Is neurofeedback safe?
Why is your brain made up of fat and water?
How does anoxia affect our brains?
Are childhood hallucinations simply a sign that the brain is growing?
Why is it that in sections of the brain you typically don't see blood vessels?
What are the functions of nerve cells in the skin?
What is the function of the right prefrontal cortex?
Is sleep necessary for memory consolidation?
What if our brain remembered everything we saw or heard without being fried?
If a person suffered a fatal brain hemorrhage, then how many days would it take for him to be normal?
What is the centrum semiovale and corona radiata?
Is there a higher consciousness than ours (for example, as a comparison, our consciousness related to a dog’s)?
Does kindness change our brains?
What is the relationship between depression and the brain in human beings?
What would happen if we started using 100% of our cerebral capacity?
Is it possible for the parasympathetic nervous system to activate in response to a perceived threat?
What causes tramatic brain injury?
You clone yourself and it has your exact brain, memories, and skills. How do you tell them apart?
What foods or actions can I take in order for my brain to work at optimal levels?
What function does the upper subscapular nerve serve?
Can a computer program or a gadget recognize and represent a human thought?
When does self-consciousness start in a child?
How does subconscious mind change our desire into physical equivalent?
Do antidepressants downregulate serotonin receptors?
What part of the brain is associated with spiritual consciousness and beliefs? And would an atheist's be more developed, divergent or vestigial?
Does surgery decrease your cognitive abilities?
What are the most successful tags and description for a sleep meditation binaural beats YouTube video?
What if the brains of a male and female were swapped? How would he or she respond or act?
What kind of motor functions does the frontal lobe control?
On a neurological level, what makes us have different tastes?
What is the effect of CBD on dopamine?
Which famous people's brains have been investigated by neuroscientists, what did they learn from them?
What is the hard drive capacity of the human brain?
How many GBs is the human brain's memory?
Will neuroscientists ever be able to read our minds?
How should I study to become a neuroscientist?
Does the spoon theory also explain how uppers work?
Which languages optimize for expressivity when one has a large vocabulary and a low working memory (e.g., those who are older)?
If reading seems to be the best hobby to produce tangible cognitive results, how does it do so?
Does sciatic nerve pain ever go away on its own?
What happens to our memories when we die?
What are some of your archetype examples for various cognitive science concepts?
How do you enhance your working memory?
How does the brain create an imaginary friend?
Is it possible to send our dreams to others?
Can a larger vocabulary size allow one to have the same level of expressiveness for a lower working memory (especially as one ages)?
In life, why do we need to feel pain?
What are some tips to maintain energy for heavy studying for a month?
Can a pinched nerve cause Meniere’s symptoms?
Why is receptor-mediated endocytosis highly specific?
What is the back right part of the brain called?
Is the image we make with our eyes correct, without the loss of information? If no, how do our brains deal with that?
When does brain death occur after a heart stoppage?
How do I restore the limb and arm movement after brain stroke?
How can I have clarity of thought?
What will happen if we use 50% of our brain abilities?
What are the functions of nerve cells in animals?
What concepts from chemical engineering are applicable in neuroscience?
What if we could download the human consciousness into a virtual reality simulator & beam the consciousness outter space at the speed of light, would this theory work?
Who was the first eternal consciousness? Wasn't he or she too lonely with itself after being self aware?
To what extent can I improve my brain’s memory capacity by eating recommended foods such as avocado?
What are some neurological disorders?
Why do opioids affect the respiratory system?
What were some of the first signs of physical decline as you aged?
How do brain cysts and tumors differ?
How does caffeine affect memory?
Should people with epilepsy drive a vehicle?
What makes a human think as an individual? Or what makes our brain think as an individual?
What drugs can be used to keep someone unconscious for the longest amount of time without causing brain damage?
Is it true that the more you use the brain more agile the brain it becomes?
How can I make my brain respond faster when making decisions?
A neuron takes in information, processes and relays the assimilated information. Doesn't a galaxial barycentre do the same- celestial super neuron?
If it's impossible to control the thoughts, what is consciousness?
Why do people believe we use 100% of our brain if we do not even have full control of it, nor do we have complete innervation?
What are some little known facts of the nervous system?
What causes memory loss in menopausal women?
Can meditation cure a chemical imbalance in the brain?
Is it bad for the brain to suddenly be surprised when you are almost asleep?
Do all vertebrates have a centralized brain?
What are the two types of neuron processes?
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
What is an abstract stimuli?
How can I reduce fear signalling in the amygdala?
Which countries are the best for grad school in affective or clinical neuropsychology (and have good pay for neuropsych jobs)?
Does often deleting something from the memory tamper the memory?
Why is spike sorting in neuroscience so difficult?
When can I get a brain implant upgrade?
What are the effects of vagal stimulation on gastric functions?
How can an ENFP develop sensory, thinking and judging functions?
What purpose do the lobes of the cerebral hemisphere serve?
What would the brain scan of an extremely religious person/one who believes in something strongly look like compared to a person with little faith?
What is the best software for local field potential processing?
What are major strengths and weaknesses of the human brain?
Could hallucinations and visual disturbances be caused by a cyst in maxillary sinus?
Does anaerobic training harm brain cells?
Is it possible to feel misfiring synapses in your brain when you are tired?
What is the neurological explanation for Kundalini?
Could a brain scan help diagnose someone with depression?
How is a human body and brain linked and programmed in robotics?
Are there any people who are inherently less prone to logical fallacies and cognitive biases?
Does Neuro XR work?
What purpose do oligodendrocytes serve?
Does headbanging cause brain damage?
What is the neurological basis for empathy?
What percentage of the brain is fat?
Will the brain of an animal develop if it mates with a different breed?
In which ways other than the placebo effect have humans proven they can control their brain?
Why can’t our racial background have an effect on the brain, but on other body parts (such as skin) it can?
Is it a proven fact that consciousness is a physical thing?
If everything around the world is perceived in brain, how can we be certain about the reality?
Is it true that porn and social media produces almost the same amount of dopamine as cocaine in our brains?
What could be the reason that I feel very good after the day of drinking?
What are good games that function as great brain exercises?
Is it good to play chess online while you are sick?
Do I risk a brain aneurysm if I don't drink water?
Does malnutrition cause brain aneurysms?
What is the use of Clofert 100?
Why can’t I remember things or multitask?
Is it possible to detect amygdala with electroencephalography for now?
Is it possible that eating a big bowl of chili (without anything unusual in it) for lunch will cause temporary memory loss for the rest of the day?
Do you think the actively used internet represents our collective consciousness? Or does it shape our collective consciousness?
For people with synesthesia, how is it possible to see sounds?
Suppose reality is a result of reactions in the brain, what happens to reality when we alter these reactions?
If humans never died, would it be possible to count to infinity or would our brain stop at some point because we don't have enough neurons?
What happens in our nervous system when we have a headache?
How does the brain of an animal react to the scent of a different animal?
What is sensory image used for?
What are some examples of sensory image?
Why can't humans see a signal?
How does the brain think of more than one thing at a time?
What type of brain technology is used by Facebook?
If a bomb disposal expert fails to defuse a powerful bomb, do they have the time to see/feel the explosion?
What is the relationship between anger and brain activity?
What is the action of Sympathetic nerve fibres on Salivery gland?
Can a receptor sit on another receptor?
How does the brain system work?
Can I overload my brain with information?
Is there a connection between astrocyte-neuron lactate shuttle and lactate threshold exercise training?
How is information encoded by neurons?
If you die for 10 minutes, how likely would there be brain damage?
Does deep diaphragmatic breathing help to produce serotinin, endorphins, dopamine and oxytocin?
Can X-rays cause any type of brain damage?
Is neuroscience helpful for working in computer science?
Does the human brain work as a broadcasting and receiving instrument to access infinite intelligence and draw creative ideas out of known facts?
Can the amygdala be resected and or completely excised?
Does myelin also act as protection for axons in the brain?
Does depression cause your brain to be untidy?
Neurologically, what's the difference between "knowing" and deeply realizing something?
Why do people use "heart" to describle their feeling rather than "brain"?
Why do I feel like I have maxed out my brain capacity?
Why is caffeine a stimulant, if it doesn't actually add energy? It just suppresses the creation of a chemical in the brain that causes sleepiness.
What are the main symptoms of sympathetic nervous system?
How could an animal handle having more than one brain (and/or six legs)?
What is the smallest creature with a nervous system (either centralized nervous system or nerve net)?
How can I understand my brain?
How does memory recall work, exactly?
Where does one start in learning AI, and how can you further improve that skill in the future, to someday have it achieve the same functions a human brain does?
Does electrical kindling considered as chronic temporal lobe epilepsy model?
What is the speed of your brain in processing data when compared to an iPhone?
How can my friend overcome damage to her brain caused by a car accident?
What is the brain chemistry?
Does the bug in fMRI (discovered last year) mean that the studies on brain activity could be wrong? How could the data be used in a research paper?
What kind of chemicals in your brain set off telepathy and remote viewing?
Can you make your brain forget a trauma?
What chemical changes occur in the brain during physical intimacy to promote bonding?
Does a neurotransmitter work?
How do synapses know to only respond to a specific signal?
What is the reason, logic, science or cause behind deja vu?
When one's thoughts appear to be coming from "someone else" in one's head, which part of the brain malfunctions?
Can psilocybin improve cognition?
Do human antibodies reach the brain?
What would happen if I was exposed to nerve gas for 10 seconds?
Can computational biologists work on neuroscience research?
How did linguistic capability evolve in the human brain?
How does a neurotransmitter imbalance cause attention deficits?
How do I sent my electrical signal to your brain to hack your brain function?
What happens to the brain sexually during puberty?
Is it possible to make a culture of neurons?
Why is my brain so active when I’m trying to sleep, and can I do something about it?
What’s the best way to prevent memory loss in menopausal women?
Looking at the brain from the underside perspective, where are the amygdala and the hippocampus located?
Does aripiprazole increase or decrease brain volume over time?
Is it possible to consciously sleep talk?
Why can't I increase my intelligence?
Do I have a shot at a decent grad school for a neuroscience PhD with my circumstances?
What will be the knowledge of a person who lost his memory?
Will it be possible for an action potential to be triggered in a dead axon?
What's your favourite colour of grass?
Why is dopamine a common neurotransmitter imbalance? What are other common neurotransmitter imbalances, and what effects do they have on behaviour?
Why can people not remember their memories as an infant?
How does someone with reoccurring brain injury due to seizures find meaningful purpose when everyday activities have to be relearned?
Has someone already invented a technological body with a human brain?
Is it likely for a person coming out of anaesthesia to experience strong feelings of deja vu?
What function does the axon hillock serve?
Which theory on the nature of consciousness do you believe is most plausible, and why?
When we see (imagine) things in our head, how does our brain form these images? Are they really there, like images made of tiny particles?
Does smoking increase your brain capacity?
Can an emp strike directly affect a human such as frying their brain or does it only harm electronics?
What is the role of serotonin in schizophrenia?
How does unschooling affect amygdala size?
What is the difference between the functions of the mind and brain?
How can I recharge my brain at work?
Is the initial presentation of specific self or non-self antigens likely to occur in CNS or in lymphoid tissues?
How does the brain create the feeling of addiction?
If we ever get advanced enough to connect directly into the internet, would it be possible for a hacker to hack into human brains because of that?
What is the difference between gamma rays and gamma brain waves?
How can you make your brain sharper and smarter?
What if when you died, your consciousness lived and transferred to an alternative universe, then got trapped in someone else’s mind? Could this cause schizophrenia?
Can magic mushrooms rewire my brain permanently or expand my consciousness by letting my mind understand concepts I previously didn't understand?
How can the lobes of the cerebral hemisphere be studied?
If I get tortured in a very agonizing much horrible way, can our brain save us from this traumatic experience by sort of locking itself?
What causes childhood epilepsy?
Can the human tendency to engage in violent conflict be overcome? Are the best answers rooted in biology, history, sociology or elsewhere?
What part of a neuron processes incoming stimuli?
Would putting tinfoil on my windows help keep the radio transmissions from reaching my brain and inserting command hallucinations?
Is it true tea helps with cognitive brain function?
Has science outgrown the human mind and its limited capacities?
What's the neural basis of pleasure? Why do certain neurotransmitters correlate to happiness?
What happens in our brain after sneezing? What chemicals are released? How can you describe that feeling?
What can Neuralink accomplish?
How does the brain get energized by sleeping?
Are there any voluntary behaviors that don't involve a neuron firing an action potential, a muscle contracting or a gland secreting a substance?
Can memories be edited?
What parts of the brain are activated when scratching an itch?
Which is preferable: the brain or the heart?
Do human brain neural networks serve multi purposes, i.e. used for multiple, different tasks?
What happens if a neurotransmitter is excitatory?
Is it possible to get accepted into a master’s in neuroscience with a bachelor’s degree in communication engineering?
What is the medulla oblongata's function and location?
Why is a collective false memory termed "The Mandela Effect"?
How can you treat auditory hallucinations?
Is there any case where Valproate is not detected in the blood of somebody who is taking it twice a day?
How do pictures​ affect our mind?
If true psychopathy can be diagnosed with brain scans, why isn't it recognised as an actual condition?
Is it possible that I have a poor working memory due to attention deficit?
What is the hypofunctioning of the adrenal cortex?
What is sensory image characterized for?
How do I train my brain to think out of the box?
What is the relation between Aspartame and memory loss?
How do I connect my computer with a human brain and install an OS on one’s mind?
Heart is only a pumping organ. Why do we think that we can feel love from our heart when our brain actually does the work?
How do I improve my brain to learn new thing quickly without headache?
If all cognitive and emotive processes are in the brain, what causes the emotional pain to be felt in the chest/heart?
Are there any possible jobs for clinical neuropsychologists in tech companies that work with neuroscience?
What are some signs your child is suffering from brain injury due to contact sports?
If someone tells you to listen to theta using brainwave entrainment, does that mean I should listen to binaural beats or isochronic tones?
Have they discovered any processes in the brain that require quantum interactions?
How is the central nervous system affected by inhalants?
What is the hardest operation for a brain surgeon? Why?
Do people with eidetic memories remember the varying shades of meaning that they've attributed to certain memories, or just the memories themselves?
Do we experience consciousness throughout multiple realities?
How often do you have a deja vu feeling?
What is the main function of the spinal cord?
What happens in our brain when we consider something as ours?
Did scientists find any way that can stop our aging and help us stay young forever?
Are the nervous system and sense organs enough to feel anything and everything all around the body?
Why do some people have left-brain dominance, but they are average in everything, even in math?
Why does music have so much influence on the brain when plain noise could also do that?
What part of the brain causes extreme paranoia and obsessive thoughts?
Should I use methamphetamine to fix my brain?
Is lactate or glucose a preferred source of fuel by neurons?
What are the structural components of a neuron?
What are the conditions and environment for the longevity of a healthy brain?
What is the lowest part of the brain?
What disease causes loss of memory?
How do neuroscientists use their knowledge of the brain to improve their everyday lives?
How does autonomic nervous system control heart rate?
Who is a good Ayurveda doctor, who deals with neurological disorders in Pune?
Caidin envisioned brain-prosthetic interfaces in '72. Johns Hopkins researchers created something close in '16. How much longer until it's mainstream?
How can I make my brain respond faster when making decisions?
Which one produces better results in fluid intelligence, Cogmed or Dual N Back?
Why is it that the brain knows a fact but it takes the heart a really long time to understand it?
Is it bad for the brain to suddenly be surprised when you are almost asleep?
Does soap kill the brain-eating amoeba?
Shouldn't we use most of our AI power and resources to accelerate the development of a high bandwidth brain-machine interface, instead of other applications?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
Does rocking a baby to sleep hurt its brains?
Can you actually brainwash someone? If so, how?
Which countries are the best for grad school in affective or clinical neuropsychology (and have good pay for neuropsych jobs)?
Is the temporal lobe bigger in men or women?
Suppose, in ten years time, if we are able to connect our brain directly to artificial intelligence, what skills should we teach our kids presently?
Does it help our body if we think it is alright even if it is not? Can we fool our brain?
What are the ways to keep your brain active for longer duration?
How would one begin trying to find where consciousness comes from?
What is subconscious mind? Is it possible to control it by training?
Can bartonella take away or slow your ability to read or slow any related cognitive abilities?
Can brain damage really give one a "Foreign Accent"?
Will humanity evolve to lose long term memory as a biological function?
What is Ace Spectrum? I've read the term twice in Quora this week in reference to neurology or sexuality, but Google only references music.
How can I devolop my brain?
What would the brain scan of an extremely religious person/one who believes in something strongly look like compared to a person with little faith?
After a major car accident, I have to work in a place where stress on the brain can be reduced to a minimum. What can I do to still be productive and make money?
Is brain size the same as brain volume?
What are major strengths and weaknesses of the human brain?
Why did my brain shut off when I spoke with a native British speaker online?
What is synaptic fatigue? How and why does it happen?
Would the development of a brain-computer interface cause humanity to evolve into beings without a physical voice or even without arms and legs?
What are small signs of brain cell loss in a marijuana/weed/pot user over periods of time?
Do the convolutions of the brain change as a result of the aging process, or do they remain constant throughout a human’s life?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
How is a human body and brain linked and programmed in robotics?
Are there any people who are inherently less prone to logical fallacies and cognitive biases?
How thought is different from thinking, and are both the processes not the product of memory?
What kind of tissue are the brain cells or the neurons etc.?
When and how will the gap, between human intelligence and intelligence required to understand how 100% of the human brain works, be filled?
Given that we don't know what consciousness is, is it even possible to define the brain/machine interface?
Would the problem of the mental death of an immortal be solved if brain cells underwent mitosis?
Thoughts, where do they come from?
What are the must read cognitive neuroscience books?
Is complete recovery possible after a brain stroke?
What could be done to make a memory sharpened always?
Is it possible to make the human brain perceive a colour beyond the visible range by artificially stimulating the optic nerves?
Does the brain have any control over the trillions of bacteria that live inside our body and effect our behavior?
Do we know enough about the brain to build interfaces?
How does the brain create purpose or meaning ?
Do you meditate even though you are not a spiritual person?
Why is it difficult to decode a female brain?
What are your thoughts on the Wait But Why write-up on Neuralink and the future of brain-machine interfaces?
What would happen to the brain of a person who never ages?
Why is sneezing oddly satisfying to me? Are any brain chemicals released?
What is the science behind flashbacks?
Does malnutrition cause brain aneurysms?
Is it possible that eating a big bowl of chili (without anything unusual in it) for lunch will cause temporary memory loss for the rest of the day?
Could one's tendency to want children be explained by brain imaging techniques?
How do I use SPM8 for brain preprocessing?
Would it be possible to use a “meta DNN” to determine which neuron shootout would lead to higher success rates?
Why is memory considered not a matter? Memory occupies some space in our brain and that space has some mass. So, why is it not a matter?
How are neuropsychiatry, neuropsychology and behavioral neurology different?
Does the positive and the negative thinking depend on our brain or on our surrounding?
Can we install a computer processor in the human brain to access more intelligence?
Does Invega Sustenna (paliperidone palmitate) cause brain damage?
What type of brain technology is used by Facebook?
Why is the hippocampus called Cornu Ammonis or Ammon's horn?
If a bomb disposal expert fails to defuse a powerful bomb, do they have the time to see/feel the explosion?
How does our brain treat an addiction and it's cure?
There isn’t any way to improve fluid intelligence, is there?
How exactly do our brains recognize faces?
Is it possible that we are organic computers and our consciousness is just a myth?
Is complete recovery possible after TIA brain stroke?
How can improve dopamine or the power of dopamine?
What happens in neurons when we store and recall memories?
What are some diseases that affect the nervous system?
How do synapses store memories?
If your consciousness is copied to an Android body and you died, are you still you in the Android body or another being?
Can a clinical psychologist treat a brain tumor?
Is there a large amount of white matter in the brain?
Do "pure" ADD and other ADD-like symptoms have the same biochemical manifestations in the brain?
Is there a research in human brain dump?
What are the main symptoms of sympathetic nervous system?
How does the brain recall previous attempts at trying to recall something?
How are neuroscience undergrad studies & research at UChicago?
Are the brain cells constantly dying and growing?
Can I use ginkgo biloba to boost my brain?
What is the stream of consciousness in literature?
What does it mean when you look into some people’s eyes and it feels like your brain takes a picture of that moment, and you remember it forever?
Which part of the brain is responsible for the body and brain’s growth in proportion to their age?
What does music look like in your brain?
Are carbohydrates bad for your brain?
How far are we from transplanting a complete brain, human or animal?
I used to had very unusual dreams. Is it related with my IQ level?
What is the Mandela Effect? Is it a “scientific phenomenon relating to the part of the world” or something we cant yet comprehend.
Can brain cells come back after quitting drugs or porn?
Which part of our neural system acts as a master clock?
Could someone help me understand something that has confused me?
What would be the World like if humans developed the technology to transfer the consciousness between people?
Why do poets use heart for thoughts and feelings not the brain?
How is the brain more active at night?
How can I conduct advanced research on behavioral neuroscience in high school?
How does the brain function when you lose something?
Do I have a shot at a decent grad school for a neuroscience PhD with my circumstances?
How easy can damage to the Amygdala occur? Could repeated hitting your head against a wall above your ears cause brain damage?
Other than store memory, what else can light do?
What is the method of invention of the best medicine related to brain development?
What is the exact process of developing a sharp philosopher’s brain?
Are video games healthy for the brain?
Can epilepsy be fully cured?
Could all of the knowledge that humanity has, fit within a single human brain?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
Why are distant memories sometimes indistinguishable from dreams?
Are the mind and the brain the same or different? Why?
Who is the best ayurvedic doctor for neurology (trigeminal neuralgia) in Pune?
Are insect brains the same as animal brains?
What do you call objects that you associate with memories?
What functions do the different type of neurons serve?
Can we intercept the signals coming from the brain and develop a way to visualize these signals as a data?
How many percent of the brain can be used?
When we see (imagine) things in our head, how does our brain form these images? Are they really there, like images made of tiny particles?
In a left brain injury, which side’s pupil will dilate: right or left?
How can I make my brain stop thinking? I'm really tired, and I want a break.
What are different genres of music, how does one identify them, and how do they affect the brain?
How can I maintain what I have memorized?
How much time does it take to control your brain’s subconscious mind?
If a 16-year-old girl binge drank once (5 shots in about an hour), vomited and passed out, would it cause irreversible brain damage or only if she continued to do that?
What educational level do you need to be a neuroscience professor?
What are the best CS PhD programs in California with a concentration on Brain-Computer Interfaces?
Can machines ever be conscious?
Which memories does the frontal lobe store?
How do the main and secondary memory work?
If dopamine is a reward, then why is too much released at once a bad thing?
Can magic mushrooms rewire my brain permanently or expand my consciousness by letting my mind understand concepts I previously didn't understand?
What are the best US universities to study both neuroscience and music at for undergrad?
Which university is the best to study neurosciences (Edinburgh, Glasgow or Cardiff)?
Why does my friend have the urge to eat brains?
What causes childhood epilepsy?
What books can I read to expand my knowledge about how the brain physically works?
Sometimes I feel that my conscious mind is preventing my unconscious mind from absolutely focused thoughts. How can I reduce my restless conscious mind?
How can we distinguish hallucinations from meaningful dreams?
What techniques are used to map neuronal firing patterns onto functional outputs?
Do chemicals like psilocybin and LSD positively impact neuroplasticity?
How does one gets a raw brain power as strong as Mikhail Tal's?
Are there any voluntary behaviors that don't involve a neuron firing an action potential, a muscle contracting or a gland secreting a substance?
Does refraining from exercise increase dopamine receptor density within the brain?
Isn't the brain a sense? All senses pick up signals, and the brain's ability to pick up and interpret the signals that other senses emit makes it the ultimate sense.
Are there any maths that is beyond human brain capacity?
How long would it take to do pre-med, double major in psychology and neuroscience, and minor in cognitive science at UCLA?
What are your experiences during auditory hallucinations?
Are we living in a computer simulation?
What happens if a neurotransmitter is excitatory?
Can certain thoughts or ideas actually change your brain chemistry?
Are memories stored as patterns or as chemical changes in synapses?
What is actually going on in the brain when we decide to use it - by focusing our attention, actively remembering something, etc.?
Do men and women perceive smell differently?
Right away, after I wake up, why do I start singing and listening to music, every day?
What is “brain mapping” for students in medical science?
What is the relation between Aspartame and memory loss?
How do we activate our subconscious mind to work?
Is it easier to preserve "continuity of consciousness" or to "transfer memories" upon mind-uploading?
How do I avoid memory loss?
Is there any way to program my brain to remind my self "don't do it" every time I think of suicide?
Are there any possible jobs for clinical neuropsychologists in tech companies that work with neuroscience?
Is it possible to have "memories" of events from the future?
Does a genius need to train his cognitive abilities (to some extent) in order for them to be high-level, or is real brilliance naturally automatic?
What problems does AI and Machine learning helps in neuroscience?
What will happen to my heart, brain, and soul when I watch the news of people being killed every day?
In what ways is human behaviour affected by the physiology of the brain?
How can you study localization of function in the brain without advanced technology?
Why is there no artificial model of brain made till date?
How do I activate kids’ full brain?
What are some neuroscientific perspectives on the connection between consciousness and solipsism?
Why do AI methods have only superficial resemblance to the way the brain works?
Who is the person with the most time in a coma state?
Is there anything which controls the working of our brain?
What's the difference between hypervigilance and low latent inhibition?
Why does it seem that my mental capacity fluctuates throughout the week?
What are the parts of main memory?
What is the best and quickest way for me to boost my brain activity?
I had a brain aneurysm a couple of years back. Is it possible that the person who I was and who I am now are different?
Is it possible for brain-computer interfaces to augment, instead of replace, senses? If you wanted BCI vision, does this mean losing your normal one?
Is it possible to control your autonomic nervous system?
Is there a way to map the brain cells to the last details to create a virtual functional version as backup?
What does cerebrospinal fluid taste like?
Are there any specializations in homeopathy like neurology, pathology etc?
How does the brain locate a specific memory?
What research has quantified the information processing necessary to carry out observed behaviors of prey acquisition and predator avoidance?
Can a finance major get into the Stanford Neuro PhD program with an extensive research and lab experience and a compelling essay?
Why does everyone have different opinions, thoughts etc. while we all have a brain that almost works the same?
How accurate is the idea that men are unhappier than women because in times of distress their brain's synapses shrink (whereas women's swell)?
How can I understand how my brain works and to work with it?
If everyone has a hundred billion neurons, and signals travel through the brain at around 268 mph, how can anybody be any smarter than anyone else?
Can we increase our brains’ processing capacity by using chain reactions?
Why can't we convert the digital frames of a video into analog signals in order to send them to the human brain to allow blind people to see?
What are some brain-computer interface technologies and devices that already exist?
Should Aaron Hernandez’s brain be examined to see if it was damaged?
Do you dream when in a coma?
Is ADHD an actual issue or just our way of avoiding blame for our own misuse of our mental capacity?
What’s something your brain tries to make you do and you have to will yourself not to do it?
What was the strangest déjà vu you have ever had?
What are the main differences between superior and inferior colliculus?
Is there any advantage to having pseudoinsomnia?
What are some foods that are good for the brain?
When does the brain begin perceiving time?
What is brain, computer interference?
What happens when information interacts with sensory receptors?
What are some of the areas of cooperate responsibilities?
How is Douglas Hofstader’s theory of consciousness perceived now?
How can one avoid brain pain?
Can you feel mental pain if you lack nerves?
How is a conditioned response different than an unconditioned response?
What changes occur in brain while learning? What changes are observed when the subjects are presented with new things?
What resolution information can we get from the current brain computer interface?
Does texting improve our hand-eye coordination, or does it affect our brain negatively?
What happens if the vagus nerve is cut?
What are the differences between the brain of a normal person and the brain of a depressive person?
Could someone explain Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity in simple terms?
What is the short term memory capacity?
How are microchip brain implants, v2k and mind-reading technology connected to each other?
Would we still be conscious if our neural activity ran at 1/1000 the normal speed?
I've read that the brains of narcissists are different. Is this a birth trait or something that happens over time?
What are the best universities for neuropsychology?
Will my full immersion VR idea work?
Are there any cures or medication for short-term memory loss?
Do other animals experience consciousness like we do, where they talk in their own heads?
How can I calculate the percentage amounts of the alpha, beta, and gamma components in an EEG signal?
What lies just below thought, in terms of abstraction?
How can brain-computer interfaces help us better understand our emotions and life experiences to facilitate a deeper sense of self?
Do we have dopamine stores that we use up in a day?
How can you describe the function of the reticular formation in the medulla?
What function does the cerebrum serve?
I know how synaptic pruning works, but I haven't really been able to find any examples of the affects of it. What do we lose in the process?
What part of the brain corresponds to ego and narcissism?
Which types of brain-computer interface technologies appear to be the most promising?
Which part of the brain is the most interesting "port" for connection with a computer?
Is it possible to increase dopamine levels in the brain without drugs?
Why is the only proper scientific and most pertinent aspect (the nervous system) of AS and autism being sidelined and even disregarded by medicine and the public?
Why am I getting a headache when talking to another person?
What are some mind-blowing brain-computer interface technologies that are already being developed?
How are memories stored as patterns?
What is it like to lose your long-term memory?
Why are neurons considered to be immunosuppressive?
Can a single neuron remember something?
Do only creatures with brains suffer from death of old age?
How much does the brain attenuate a GSM signal when it is passed through it?
Can a brain computer interface convert your thoughts to text?
How do I get my brain to work properly?
What is an imperative part of the brain-computer interface to make it effective?
Which major companies would benefit the most from brain-computer interfaces?
What happens to the skull during brain surgery? How do they get access to the brain?
What is better, studying neuroscience or cognitive science?
Could a neural lace connect our brains to the internet?
What are the components of a neuron?
When does memory consolidation occur apart from sleep?
When I was 16, I had alcohol poisoning. How may this have effected my brain?
If you could connect your brain to the internet but had to agree that companies could send advertisements directly to your brain, would you do it?
What's the relation between alcohol abuse and brain/aortic aneurysms?
Using 6 types of auditory stimuli (speech), how do I to extract EEG features to be used as inputs for a classifier where the output is a type of stimuli?
How much time do synaptic receptors (5-HT/dopamine) need to recover from antipsychotics, such as risperidone or aripiprazole, at the standard dosage?
How important is neuroplasticity to brain-computer interfaces? Are there drugs that one can take to speed up the "installation" process?
Who found that the prefrontal cortex was linked to the regulation of emotions?
Is the human brain fully developed at 20 years old?
What will happen if only one of the brain amygdalae is destroyed?
How can you describe the function of the reticular formation in the brain?
I want to become a neuroscientist. What are all the things I should know before studying?
What does “loss of frontal lobe volume” mean?
What is Qualia according to neuroscience?
What are the recent major breakthroughs in the field of neurosciences?
What was the psychological experiment that asked judges to consider their own mortality before passing sentences?
Where can I learn more about direct brain interfaces?
How can I make it easier for my brain to navigate in complex places?
Is it possible to live forever by replacing body parts with mechanical organs, how long can our brain live?
After a mild stroke, will my brain form new pathways to the affected leg if I continue to exercise and demand more movement?
How exactly are memories stored in the human brain?
What are some theories that make your brain hurt?
Can stomach waste cause brain fog?
What happens in our brains when we crave something?
What does peroxyacetyl nitrate causes damage to?
How can one become a neuroscientist?
Could I enhance my overall intelligence or mathematical reasoning with a brain computer interface?
Does smoking marijuana leave permanent damage to your brain?
Do all human beings have consciousness or only some of them?
Does human life come from a specific cell in the brain, and why aren't scientists able to find it out?
What would happen if the structure or the distribution of a tree's branches and leaves (e.g., a bonsai) were similar to the distribution of neurons in the brain?
What is a professional for brain nutrition called?
What are the chances of a rogue brain-computer interface technology being used to control the minds of others?
What is a specific example of a brain-computer interface?
Is a photographic memory something we are born with, or can you train your brain to have one?
Will brain-computer interface technology be involved in curing or slowing Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia?
What happens to the brain of a comatose patient if given LCD?
What happens in the brain during magical/religious rituals?
Is there any US resident here who tried Optimind neurotropic? How effective is this?
If a blind person does not have proper sensory supply in his legs, can he walk normally?
I believe coffee can have devastating effects on the brain and body for some people in the long run. Are there any recent studies that support this?
Can I recover brain cells?
Why is the brain not like a computer?
When people think, do they think in a language? Or do they think in another form that is later translated into a language?
Is there compelling evidence that vaccinations given to infants can adversely affect their neurological development and behavioural well-being?
What is the purpose of brain parenchymal cells?
Why do girls have less brain capacity?
Will we be able to use brain-computer interface devices to directly control our state of mind?
Does brain develop in terms of maturity and understanding of the world throughout ones life?
If performing a lumbar puncture is contradicted in the presence of high ICP, why do some books say that it can be used to measure ICP?
Is is true that walnuts have high concentrations of serotonin which lessens depression?
What does the neocortex control?
Can I erase all good and bad memories from my brain without pills or ECT?
Do all people have the same type of brain?
How could Facebook's brain-computer interface become a mass market product?
Why is the emergence of consciousness from matter seen as the hard problem when for example the existence of gravity is concidered a brute fact?
Is strengthening the memory beneficial for the brain, and does it help to create a sharp mind?
What is the most widely accepted theory regarding human brain consciousness?
Approximately what percentage of the brain do we use, and why?
What is the science behind not liking to exercise? (in the brain)
When Alzheimer's patients have lost all of their memories, will they forget their mother tongue?
What happens in your brain when you are about to die? Do you see anything?
Does taking anti-psychotics make you numb in life, where you can't feel emotions like happiness?
Is there an organ in the human body that constantly stores a decent quantity of blood that the brain can use when needed?
Has anyone ever had brain zaps?
What is the function of an afferent nerve?
How can one control the level of dopamine?
Does something emit from our brain when we think something?
What does a lifelong emotional pain organically do to one's brain?
What is the purpose of neuromuscular training?
Is brain uploading possible?
Do all MMA fighters have brain damage? Are there any who retired without brain damage?
Which types of brain-computer interface medical technologies might doctors and neurologists be most excited about?
How much dopamine should you take?
What is the record of the electricity in the brain?
Will brain-computer interfaces become the next tech trend? (April 2017)
What does it mean to have a larger area in outer layer of frontal lobe?
What are some things that neuroscientists know but most people don't?
What are the canonical papers to read in the field of computational neuroscience?
How do SSRIs interact with LSD?
What childhood experience has influenced your cognitive, psychosocial, brain, or language development?
Why do specific parts of my head feel warmer when I'm focusing on something when the brain doesn't has nerve endings?
Why does smoking cause brain aneurysms more than alcohol does?
Are the neural pathways of an older person different than a younger person?
Do psychedelics activate neurogenesis?
How does the brain continue to develop throughout a person’s life?
What is the best way for a CS undergrad to get involved in neuroscience-based companies? Do I have to get a PhD, or are there alternatives?
What are the best things you have learned in neurosciences?
How long after taking an anti-psychotic like Abilify will your brain go back to normal?
What is the best way to study neurology?
Are we conscious outside our consciousness?
What is the main role of dopamine in pain?
What is a perceptual barrier?
What are the developmental challenges arising from binocular vision in mammals and developmental mechanisms involved?
How does antidepressants like trazodone (serotonin receptor antagonists) work?
What are the nervous system's most common disorders?
What is the mystery of consciousness?
To what extent to do micrometeorites cause damage to satellites?
How do brains of different people (by professions) differ in MRI scan or something like it?
Why hasn't the False Memory Foundation latched onto "anomalous experiences" as a means for minimizing DID yet?
How does the brain know to do its job? How does it know how, when and what to think?
Is it possible/likely that my being deprived of oxygen at birth caused my extremely low spatial intelligence? Is there any way to tell?
When it comes to neuroscience and how the brain works, what are we still ignorant about?
What are the main causes for the hardening of the arteries in the brain?
Does such easy access to information affect our brain chemistry negatively?
Is it true that below-average motor skills indicate left-brain dominance? How do we improve them?
What is neuroplasticity? Is the brain really similar to a muscle? How can anyone increase neuroplasticity of the brain?
How can some people have memories before 3 years of age?
How can deep learning be useful for psychiatrists?
What are the effects of hypnosis on the brain?
What is the best way to memorize concepts?
Can deep meditation cause seizure-like movements?
What are the techniques/methods that help engineers/scientists to understand any hard concepts/theories fast and thoroughly (learn fast)?
What is the purpose of the ADC brain imaging test?
Is it true that most people that have learned a second language lose their knowledge after a stroke or something similar?
What would happen if the ears sent information to the occipital lobe rather than the auditory processing center to the brain?
Do antipsychotic damage the brain in every case?
Do plants have nervous system?
Why does the brain cause certain thoughts to move right past us, but certain thoughts to stick, resulting in overthinking?
What is the link between mind, brain and consciousness?
Can subconscious reprogramming happen for real?
How are narcissists’ brains different from those of normal people?
Should I let the fear of having a stroke prevent me from learning Spanish?
Where is the carboxyl end on G-protein-linked receptors?
What are nootropics/brain supplements?
Is it normal after a couple of years of reading a short story to forget the plot and how it ended?
What are the major sctructures of the brain?
Is it possible to become smarter from a head/brain injury?
What are the emotional differences between men and women? Does masculinity affect emotion and its expression in men?
Is an artist's brain healthy by clinical standards?
Does narcissistic abuse cause memory loss?
Can a person only understand things by just imagining the concept? Is that normal? And are there accordingly such categories for people?
What is the physiological nature of a memory or an idea?
If you coiled a neuron with a metre-long axon around a needletip, would it still be invisible to the naked eye?
Are digital drugs dangerous for the brain?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
Is it possible to use the visual cortex for mathematics and calculations?
Can I have my body or atleast my brain frozen to be unfrozen later and brought back to life later? If so, how much would it cost?
Can you name a drug that paralyses your body and doesn't affect your consciousness?
How are memories stored as electric impulses?
How can patterned neural activity guide the refinement of connectivity?
What is the highest possible EM frequency that can penetrate deep into the human brain?
If your brain storage was full, what would be the first thing you’d delete?
While dreaming, can your brain listen to things someone else said and create scenes fitting the description?
How do parasympathetic and sympathetic systems differ?
Where are the nerves located in your hand?
Do people who do extensive brainwork need to intake a large amount of sugar/glucose food for breakfast?
How can you describe the functions of taste buds in the nervous system?
How are neurons classified?
How does Brain to Computer interface involve artificial Intelligence?
Should I study neuroscience or astrophysics?
How does learning languages affect brain activity?
How does the human brain not become overloaded?
For what type of results can we program our subconscious mind?
How do I control human mind function through magnetic waves?
What is the neurological basis of crow-epistemology?
What is the purpose of diasporic conscious?
Can brain scans such as fMRI detect false memories (if you say something untrue, believing it to be true)?
If memories are electric signals, how do our brain knows which signal represents which sense?
Do we control ourselves with our consciousness or with our brain?
Should I bring my MRI brain scans to my psychiatrist?
What are some diseases that deteriorate the brain?
How much time does it take for testosterone to reach our brain?
What's the evidence base for the effectiveness of vitamin E in menstrual migraine prophylaxis?
Is there a way to chemically (artificially) induce love or at least the feeling of being in it?
Does Batman have an eidetic memory?
Can risperidone shrink your brain in three months?
Are there any awesome facts about the brain that might not be widely known?
What part of the brain is responsible for motivation?
Which is the mastermind of our conscience: our logic, our emotions, or both? Does every part function according to its role?
Why do you need to be awake to maintain balance if balance is autonomic?
What are some of the most frustrating obstacles neuroscience research has yet to learn about the human brain?
What causes the nervous system's common disorders?
What are the implications for consciousness of the University of Freiburg's validation of telephone telepathy in some individuals?
Could a coma/cryosleep get rid of/help epilepsy?
How do I make my brain full with new ideas?
What are the effects on the brain from smoking?
Why is circulation so important to the brain?
If we can reduce thoughts during mindfulness meditation, can we reduce thoughts that keep us conscious during the process?
Do learning models of the cerebellum explain ataxia, the loss of coordination?
Is Dynamo an alien? What do you think?
Medicine and Healthcare: Can persons recently diagnosed with FTD function independently without the risk of getting lost or putting himself/herself in danger, or would she/he require constant monitoring to ensure safety?
I am 65, how can I increase my short term memory?
Is consciousness made of matter?
How does our brain learn languages?
What anatomical process or feature creates consciousness?
What is a sensory anomaly or perceptual oddity you have experienced?
Does Wellbutrin or Lamictal cause neurological problems?
Why did someone refuse to do brain surgery (neurology)?
How do physical activity improves and boosts the child's nervous system?
Does language limit our capability to think?
How can the brain read misspelled words?
What is the human perceptual system?
Does the zuclopenthixol depot injection cause brain damage?
If an artificial heart and an artificial brain are developed in the future, will it be possible to prolong our life span?
How can you fix chemical imbalances in the brain?
What are astrocytes and their functions?
What is the scientific factor that contributes to raise consciousness?
Is it possible for the mind to make up flashbacks of situations that didn't happen, as in false memories?
Would exercising for long periods of time (more than an hour) sensitize dopamine receptors?
Is it possible to watch two different films side by side and comprehend the narrative?
How are you born with epilepsy?
How can emotions be simulated?
Can our mindset have an impact on our physical performance?
Is masturbation bad for my brain, memory and studies? I am 17.
How can I attach EEG electrodes permanently to my forehead without surgery?
Which organ systems contain the brain stem?
Does our brain really store information or only process it?
What is your first memory and did it affect your life?
Can a normal brain become messed up with drugs so much that it can become schizophrenic?
Is there a way to boost oxytocin levels during sex before orgasm?
How can the location of motor neurons be determined?
Is a brain without input essentially dead or does it generate signals on its own?
How does using Quora restructure your brain?
What are some real-life stories about actual experienced effects from trying to enhance the brain’s functions by exercise or other lifestyle changes?
What function do brain cells serve?
What will happen if 1 billion neurons work together at the same time?
What are some ideas for how to efficiently simulate a brain?
What are the herbal ways to increase cognition?
Does having the habit of not focusing on what you are doing slow the brain?
Are people's brains wired to understand some concepts and not others?
Since we can form synapses, why can’t we modify our brain function through a similar process (example: eyesight, subvocalization)?
If a person is in a coma, is he in an unending dream state?
How are brain cells made?
How does SSRI´s "fix" the brain on depressed or anxious minds?
What are some implications of the possibility that the human brain is a machine?
Should we create superintelligent AI and merge it with our brain?
What is the function of the brain stem?
How does the brain locate memories?
If we are consciousness and consciousness is indivisible, then what is the logic of reincarnation?
How many hours a day can a human's brain work most effectively?
What is the best chemical (natural or artificial, inhaled or consumed) to quickly induce/increase libido?
What is the neurological basis of volition?
What is the classification of EEG frequency bands?
Are there any online courses about neuroscience (not neural networks of engineering) with programming assignments?
What are atrophic changes in the brain?
What is brain fog, and how do I get rid of this?
What are the best ways to calm the parasympathetic nervous system, especially before sleep?
How can one enhance one's medial frontal cortex?
What can cause bad memory in someone young?
Can any hormonal combination simulate similar thought/feelings as being in love? (Artificially).?
What things does the limbic system of the brain govern?
Is there any genetic foundation of behavioural neuroscience?
What is the difference between Zen master Bankei's Unborn Buddha Mind and the autonomic nervous system?
Does happiness improve your brain's strength?
What are some facts about the sensory system?
Why do I have so much difficulty using my brain?
If one is under 25, how detrimental would getting drunk 5-6 times a year be on cognitive ability and brain development?
Does the brain hold the DNA codes to all body parts? If so, is it possible to (plug in) cells and let the brain inject corresponding DNA into them?
Latest research shows that microtubules in brain cells exhibit resonance and may explain consciousness; what's your opinion?
How can you describe the function of a neuron cell?
What is the role of imprinted genes in the brain?
Why can humans not inherit memories?
From age 0-5, the brain develops rapidly. There is a direct correlation between genius and expert tuition at this age, so why do we not harness this?
Is it true that some guy's nipples are not errogenously connected to their brain?
Did Buddhism originate from hallucinations of the brain due to starvation or lack of oxygen?
If my brain visualizes information rather than understands it, is music a suitable profession for me?
How much DMT does the lizard brain secrete during a typical day?
How does food affect the brain development?
How does a stroke effect the optical nerve?
What is going on in the brains of people not grounded in reality?
What is the prognosis of no oxygen to the brain for 20 to 30 minutes?
What are the scopes of bioinformatics works on a neurological disease?
Why do we consider the mind and the brain to be different?
Does noise affect memory?
What is the amperage in an axon?
How does listening to a new music genre affect the brain?
What cranial nerve provides sensation to the tongue?
Is every hit to the head a concussion? How hard must a blow be to generate brain damage? And is that damage ever repaired?
Does the visual cortex work harder during daylight compared to when it is in darker environments?
What is the function of the auditory association area?
Does untreated depression lead to degeneration of neurons?
What are examples of disorders that affect the nervous system?
Who is the best neurologist in Bareilly?
In AI development, are evolutionary strategies ethical?
What is cognitive development?
Does human awareness solve the hard problem of consciousness?
On average how many frames can a human consciously keep in mind at a given time?
Do magnetic fields disrupt our brain activity?
Can you create new androgen receptors?
What are some recent advancements in the area of brain-computer interfaces?
Is there a device I can use at home that scans the brain?
Could you organically recreate a brain?
Who perceives the perceiver? Is it an endless chain of perceivers perceiving, or must it begin? Do we have evidence a perceiver being perceived?
Do you have to be really good at biology and chemistry to be a PhD level neuroscientist?
How do I manifest change in the physical world by using thought/brain power alone?
Comparing it to the old, printed Encyclopaedia Britannica of, say, the 1990s, how much data can the average adult human brain store?
We know what "pleasure" looks like in the brain but what does "joy" look like? What is the physical evidence of joy?
How is the cortex like computronium?
Do any of the 8 cervical nerves contain neurons of the sympathetic and parasympathetic divisions?
How close are we to knowing what someone is thinking by precisely measuring what neurons fire when in the brain?
Is it theoretically possible to effectively switch bodies by transferring long-term memory between two people?
What does it feel like when you’re in a coma, and how does it feel when you wake up from a coma?
Can chronic masturbation from young age cause permanent androgen receptor damage?
Do algorithms have qualia?
How do brain tumors occur?
Is serotonin syndrome permanent?
What is a neurotransmitter criteria?
Which type of juice is beneficial for the brain?
Does hanging/standing upside down actually diverts more blood to our brain thus causing us to feel more energized?
Is it wise to double major in Maths and Data Science if I want to research in AI and Neuroscience?
Which of the following projects would hold the most future benefit- 'the page rank behind Google,' 'complex brain networks,' or 'neural field models'?
Has the human brain evolved since the times of Plato and Aristotle?
The brain is an on/off phenom and computing is the same. Are we immersed in a massive simulation?
When did the human brain size increase?
How can we build a strong brain?
If a chip that had recorded the brain imprint of one person is placed in another person's brain, will the 2nd person feel exactly same as the 1st one?
If consciousness can be explained by existing physical laws, why don't we have a mathematical equation for consciousness, like we have for gravity?
What function does the trochlear nerve have?
When a person is in coma how can they eat and excrete?
How do I extract different bands from an EEG signal?
If some physical sensation happening at the time of dreaming, is it possible that the brain could alter the dream to indicate the problem?
Does writing with your non dominant hand increase the size of your corpus callosum?
What is it like to major in neuroscience psychology?
What is the difference between PNL and neuroscience?
What are the types of sensory receptors?
When will we be able to download wikipedia content to our brain?
How much damage would be done to your brain if someone poked it really hard?
How many states of consciousness are there?
Does the superior cervical ganglion send messages to the cortex, or the cortico-thalamic network?
How quickly do we run out of brain neurons?
What are your biggest frustrations with Binaural Beats?
Is it true that most people that have strokes lose all of their knowledge and can never learn anything again?
How do top people in the world optimize their brains’ functionality?
Can we construct a linklist on secondary memory?
What is a medullated nerve fiber?
What intensity can cause harm to the brain?
How can the book "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance" be useful for artificial intelligence engineers?
What purpose do the sympathetic fibres serve in the autonomic nervous system?
What are the top text books in medical or neuroscience on the subject of human memory?
Can I replace eMMC memory?
Why is the heart always associated with things like love, and on the other hand, the brain is associated with rationality?
Is it legal to perform brain surgery on a human without any certifications?
How is a CPTSD brain similar to an autistic one?
Why do we have sensory memory?
How do you design or image a computer simulation/model about the human brain?
Are song lyrics stored in different areas of the brain, compared to other memories?
If someone has an MS and their heart has started racing at times, does that mean that a lesion may have developed at the base of the brain?
What are the three functions of sensory memory?
Could I imagine "colors" which I can’t see or which don’t exist? Could my imagination be separate from my visual perception?
Is there a way for a human brain to directly interact with computers?
How does 396 Hz or 639 Hz work to change the brain?
Why do our brains fail us at the most crucial times, like in an interview?
What is the direction of nerve impulse in a mixed neuron?
If the working memory space is limited, how does one store enough information necessary to pass exams that take place within the same week?
How does it feel like when you are in a coma and how do you feel waking up from the coma?
What are the vibrations caused in brain when I use self affirmation?
How can you get sponsors for the Society for Neuroscience?
What are the tips to keep your brain active?
How do prospective and retrospective memory differ?
What are the differences between a normal persons brain and the brain of somebody with a photographic memory?
How long does it take for a single synaptic connection to form ex novo?
How does the brain perform calculations? Is it similar to how a computer does calculations?
What is brain fade?
What are the permanent or irreversible damage caused by cigarettes?
Is our brain only a memory box that also remembers our body pain, or is it more than a memory box?
How can senile Parkinson's be differentiated from off-legs?
Does our brain develops when we comb our hair?
What is visual cortex?
Could our brain be artificially replicated?
Can therapy help everyone? I think I messed up my brain but I want my previous ambitions back.
Why does our brain think negative?
Why does my brain not understand equations?
Do sleeping parts of the brain have waves?
How strong would a magnetic field have to be to interfere with your thoughts?
What advantages does an ambidextrous person's brain have?
What neurological parts of the brain handle habit breaking?
Why are Australians so inhibited?
Why does lead poisoning primarily affect the brain?
I find it almost impossible to change my ideas into actions? Is my brain functioning properly?
Where are ideologies and beliefs in the brain?
What is brain hacking?
How is the concept of neuroplasticity being applied to patients who have brain injuries?
Is it proven that aluminum-based stuff & parabens (cookware, deodorant/antiperspirant) increase the risk of Alzheimer's, cancer, and other issues?
Does the hard problem of consciousness answer itself?
Why stimulating the brain neurons with electricity doesn't bring a person who just died back to life?
Without being limited by the brain, what could our muscles do?
Is Canada a world leader in genetics or neuroscience?
What is the solution to the rapidly increasing neurological disease "megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy"?
Can computational neuropathology be a legitimate area of neuroscience?
Is our subconscious controlling our actions? If yes, how?
Is there anything more intriguing to us than the appearance of consciousness?
What daily things can you do to train both sides of your brain?
Can you consciously control synaptic pruning?
How are big brains considered to be related to higher intelligence?
What causes poor working memory?
Can trauma, loss, prolonged grief, stress and anxiety affect a person's hyperactivity (ADHD)?
What happens to our brain when we read? What are the cognitive processes which allow this activity?
Which well-known men suffered from epilepsy?
How much does a memory weigh?
Will a time come when we are able to become completely mechanical and house our brains in the machine?
If brain cells are continuously degenerating, then how come everyone says that the older generation is much wiser?
How can atherosclerosis affect the brain?
What are the best books on neuroscience of anxiety?
If a human body stayed alive after being split in half, which side would "see," or would both halves see?
How did you find the undergraduate experience At McGill's neuroscience?
What is your review about Alpha GPC for brain function?
What is the main cause of epilepsy and its remedy?
How do I talk to my brain? (Is Fallout's Old World Blues possible?)
Are the motor neurons and speech neurons more connected in Italians?
Why do memories randomly appear?
What's the current progress in the human brain mapping?
What causes short-term memory loss in young adults?
What is the most interesting thing about human brain?
How does information enter the brain?
How prevalent are brain aneurysms among alcoholics?
What are the best uses of neuroscience on marketing?
Should I go to NYU or USC for a neuroscience undergraduate degree?
Why is sense of spice included in nociception?
What are good post-graduate level courses and colleges in India and outside India for studying cognitive and computational neuroscience?
What would happen if someone has a brain transplant?
Can a head or brain injury have no consequences?
How much do we actually know about the brain and how it works?
What causes that awful feeling after waking up from an afternoon nap?
What are the causes of synesthesia?
In an A2A to doctors, what happens to the void that is created when a significantly large brain tumor, or an organ like a kidney, is removed from a person?
What is the pituitary gland's function in the brain?
Do you think that we have free will or not?
If the brain is responsible for how we perceive reality, how do we know what an abnormal perception is?
What is different about the brains of pedophiles that causes their deviant behavior towards children?
What are some examples of an iconic sensory memory?
Can known knowns, unknown knowns, known unknowns and unknown unknowns be ranked by their relative value?
What is the problem of homunculus in relation to self-awareness or consciousness, and what is its solution?
How do animals perceive music? Can we, as humans, appreciate music because we're used to listening carefully to sounds when we communicate?
What function does the brain stem serve?
Does bipolar limit your mental or cognitive abilities?
Does marijuana increase dopamine levels more than nicotine does? How do you equate cigarettes with small blunts?
How is praying to god and the manifestation of work and our subconscious mind all connected?
Is there any remedy for a damaged optic nerve?
What is a neural tube?
While we think, do we do any micro-movements with our vocal organs?
If you combined all consciousness from every living thing in the entire universe into one (collective consciousness), could that be defined as God?
What are some important facts about the nervous system?
What is the “grey matter” of the brain?
How does homeopathy work for neurological disorders like down syndrome?
How important is the pituitary gland's function in the brain?
What is cerebrospinal fluid, and where is it located?
Would you have the same consciousness if you'd be born as another person, but in the same time? Or how does the consciousness develop inside of you?
How will engineers safeguard against the possibility of amputees with biomechanic arms choking themselves when asleep?
What is your experience with the power of the subconscious mind?
How is early brain plasticity adaptive?
Why do people sometimes see angels when they die?
What does heightened IQ in those with mental disorders say about our brains and capacity for intelligence?
What is a sympathetic nervous system and a parasympathetic division?
Does anybody believe that brain signal reading technology is already being applied to the masses?
Is strong AI more likely to be developed via merging the brain with technology than via pure machine intelligence?
As a baby, does our mind or our body produce consciousness and speech?
What is the number of cells present in human brain?
What are the autonomic nervous system's effectors?
So I accidentally slept with my phone on the right side of my head (around the temple). Should I be worried about brain cancer?
What are some recent discoveries in the fields of neuroscience that explain the biological and physical properties of memory?
What is the difference between the somatic nervous system and autonomic nervous system?
What would possibly happen if we upload all available info into human consciousness?
How can I create a mind palace in my brain?
What is neuroengineering?
Are consciousness and subjectivity the same thing?
What are some brain hacks I can use to make my friends like me better?
Is it possible to swap two people's consciousnesses?
How can you improve your visual cortex?
What are your thoughts on 60 Minutes Brain hacking episode?
What foods will boost the brains thinking process?
When we talk about IQ aren't we assuming that all brains are more similar than different?
Is it true that using earphones leads to memory loss?
What are the separate functions of the 3 parts of the brain stem?
If multitasking is said to lower I.Q., then how does playing the piano really affect the brain?
How do sympathetic and parasympathetic stimulation of the heart differ?
What major should I choose if I'm planning on going to medical school?
Are there currently any known materials or technologies that can block the radiation in space that is known to destroy the brain?
Do you think our obsession with numbers, computers and measuring things is changing our brains and minds?
Is it possible that the hard problem of consciousness has a simple answer?
How can I make my brain able to store information directly into the short-term memory instead of the working memory?
Does science enhance your brain’s creativity?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Is it true that the brain is not completely mature before reaching 30?
Could measuring the electrical impulses in the brain while someone says something to themselves in their head be used to text a message?
What exactly is going on in the brain when it is hypnotised?
Is there something more complex than the brain?
What do you think the brain is capable of at full 100% usage entirely in a single moment?
How do I prove that consciousness is not a product of the brain, but rather a separate entity that influences the body and mind, as well as the soul?
Why do we need to revise everything that we want to put into our memory for a long-term? Is there an easier or other ways to memorize something?
How do you know when you have both ADHD and brains (smart)?
Is Sherlock Holmes' theory of limited memory (empty attic) true in certain cases?
What are the prerequisites for studying theoretical neuroscience?
Has Neuro-Linguistic programming efficacy been verified by neuroscience?
How can I increase the connections between neurons?
Would transferring your conscious actually "transfer" your conscious or create a new one?
Why is my short-term memory good but my long-term memory is terrible?
What are the options for postgraduate courses after completing a bachelor's degree in pharmacy?
What happens in the brain of someone who hallucinates from a fever?
Will be there any brain loss after using risperidone for 9 months?
How did consciousness come into being?
What's the mechanism behind the brain's 'decision' about what is funny and what is not?
How does the brain recall memories? Where are they stored so they can still be recalled without cluttering the mind when not in use?
The human brain does not have 100% precision, so what happens if you give up some precision for power in AI? Will AI become way more powerful?
Can a new form of modern interactive dualism provide a preliminary solution to the binding problem of consciousness?
Does disembodied consciousness exist?
What are motor and mirror neurons?
Would someone with anterograde amnesia ever get bored by listening to the same song over and over again?
Is it possible to rewrite your memories? If so, then how?
How does dimethyltryptamine affect our nervous system?
Is it possible to make someone brain dead by administering carbon monoxide?
Why is my brain memory getting worse? What should I do?
Does prednisone affect the intensity of T2WI lesions on an MRI?
How does electrical stimulation help nerve regeneration?
What could cause false memories in someone?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
Is consciousness a skill or something apart from us?
What is the covering of the central nervous system (CNS)?
How do cone cells process the light that comes into our eyes in order to send an electric signal to our brains?
How much do we know about the mechanism of long term memory in human brain?
Why is the tibialis anterior one of the first muscle that is affected by neurological conditions such as CMT or Friedreich's ataxia?
What are the characteristics of the somatic nervous system and the autonomic nervous system?
What kind of damage would a literally unbreakable object cause?
Is it possible to use our mind/brain as a tool for telepathy? Are there any future possibilities?
How do I forgot bad memories?
Could the use of anti-psychotic drugs interfere with the mechanisms that regulate dopamine synthesis and thus lead to excessive dopamine levels?
How does a fully developed brain differ from a developing brain?
Which disease is more negatively affected by caffeine and sleep deprivation, schizophrenia or temporal lobe epilepsy?
Is attention deficit hyperactivity disorder a mental illness?
How should I exercise each side of my brain (separately)?
What are the implications of the discovery that the brain simultaneously stores memories in the hippocampus and cortex?
What is the brain fade issue of Steve Smith?
What are some college-level textbooks on neuroscience?
What kind of physiological effects result from extensive walking?
Is it reasonable to distinguish psychological and physiological causes of anxiety?
Is there a link between Alzheimer’s and epilepsy?
What is a good up-to-date resource on neuroanatomy?
What does neuroscience tell us about the issue of free will?
How do I use the other part of the brain?
Does the human brain provide insights into itself while learning about itself?
For schizophrenics, is the brain really making you capable of seeing things or does it just give you the idea of seeing things?
If your memories were erased and you were implanted with false memories, would you still be you?
Am I the only one with consciousness in this whole world? The proof that only my own awareness exists is due to the fact that my consciousness is limited to its own observation.
What are G protein-coupled receptors?
Is there a part of the brain that controls or functions reality?
Is there such a thing as purely theoretical computational neuroscience?
How can the brain be transplanted?
If we only utilize a small percentage of our brain, what is the remaining part used for?
Why is there an end artery in vital organs like the brain?
What role does imagination play in creativity? How do they play out in the brain in order to write and finish a book of fiction (for instance)?
How important is the MRI for epilepsy diagnosis?
What is the best route to obtain a doctoral degree in neuropsychology with a focus on learning and cognition?
What is your perspective of choice in terms of brain chemistry following physical laws and hence being ultimately predetermined?
Is it true that 17% of people have brains associated with the opposite gender?
Are a person's test-taking skills an accurate description of their intelligence?
What happens to the membrane potential if its hyperpolarized for too long, any change in excitability, etc?
Is the mind inside or outside the body & do we use the brain or mind to think?
What is a scholar in the light of neuroscience?
Does nicotine affect young brains in a bad way?
What is the best combination of molecules in drug which can improve the brain's learning power?
Is inactivation of h5-HT7 serotonin receptor by risperidone really permament?
What is a succinct description of the theory of Hierarchical Temporal Memory?
What are the signs of cerebellar damage?
Is consciousness in the brain, or is it a universal field?
Is there a way to reverse the damage done from accutane?
How can I undo the effects of telling somebody my goals?
Can the brain work normally if one jugular is blocked?
Is twilight memory real?
What would be the pros/cons of doing a graduate minor in neuroscience/cognitive science/psychology vs. math/stats/none for a CS PhD student?
What are the plausible mechanisms of the Mozart Effect?
Does a long-term blocked nose damage the brain?
How do you develop spatial memory?
Why is the somatic nervous system also called cerebrospinal nervous system?
Which variables are relevant to analyze EEG and hypnogram signals?
What are the courses available for bio-psychology at the graduation level?
As someone in my 20s, should I focus on building as many neural pathways as possible and reading as much as I can for the sake of a better brain?
What kind of people should become a neuroscientist?
How can psychology and the human brain be related and studied? How does science relate human emotions with brain studies?
Which part of the brain deals with imagination and reality?
Has neurology found anything to contradict addiction and OCD have the same mechanism?
Does the human brain give more weight to most recent observations during its learning process?
Dennett claims that he believe in consciousness, but is it different from experiential consciousness? What is he really talking about?
Could brain wiring from previous ancestors with the ability to see be involved in how animals who now lack eyes interact with their environment?
Is Quora making the perfect human thoughts database?
Can a theory based purely on chunking mechanisms lay any claims towards being a universal theory of cognition?
How reliable and valid is the new Cambridge brain science C-score?
If two people, having two different brains, experienced the same electrical signals/inputs to the same neurons, would they feel different feelings?
How long does sciatic nerve pain last?
What is it when you feel like you’re pushing your brain to your skull and you feel pressure?
Do I need to go to medical school to study the brain? What type of brain scientist can I become without going to med school?
What habits should I work on while taking antidepressants?
Can the brain be transplanted to cure mental illness?
Does watching porn cause brain damage?
What is cerebral anoxia?
Can cannabidiol protect the brain from the effects of chronic cannabis abuse, post-use?
How can I train my conscience (the part of brain that takes decisions) to be 100% efficient?
What role does memory play in our perception of time?
What’s the relation between the sympathetic nervous system and thirst?
What are cerebral fissures?
Is the process of recalling a name from memory destructive?
How transpicuous are Gau Rakshaks’ brains?
How much of our brain do we really use, and why do we not have the ability to use it all?
How can Zoloft lead to memory loss?
How does Tetrodotoxin affect the nervous system?
This past February, I've taken 6 psychiatric meds once each: trazodone, Paxil, Seroquel, BuSpar, Ambien, and mirtazapine. Will the damage be permanent? I’m scared.
Do people with brain damage or Alzheimer's disease still go to prison if they commit a crime?
How can we stimulate cannabis receptors by meditation?
How many songs can the human brain remember?
What happens to your consciousness?
What is possibility thinking?
Since our mammalian brain sorts friends and foes while the reptilian brain doesn't, how are reptiles able to sort out friends and foes?
Can you be disabled if meth has permanently messed your brain up?
What high schools near Philadelphia, PA (preferably outside of the city) offer neuroscience classes?
Unlike the addiction to substances, how does our brain get addicted to certain genres of our favorite songs?
What are some natural, sure shot and quick ways to train your brain to remain calm and focused?
Why does my brain always choose the path of most resistance? Why can't I go easy?
What does a non-binary person's brain look like?
Why are there people still claiming that dry needling is a pseudoscience?
How does the brain rest, when we rest?
How do you train your brain to do hard things?
Can hitting your head make you lose abilities?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
How can I improve my reading ability if my brain is, according to a QEEG, operating as if it had a traumatic brain injury in the right temporal area?
How can I stay situationally aware and conscious all day long?
What is training neurons?
Does epilepsy during childhood and prepubescent years affect long-term memory? Could anti-epileptic drugs taken during this time also affect memory?
Why is it that bassists usually cannot use their vocal chords (sing) barring choruses? Is this related to cognitive ability or concentration?
How does increased brain activity lead to telekinesis?
Can diabetes lead to memory loss in adults or a person who has had it since they were young?
How many bits of processing power does our brain have?
What is the difference between biopsychology and neuropsychology? Are they same?
Is it possible that a CT scan can miss a brain tumour but a MRI will pick it up?
If the self is an illusion, is there any reason to care more about my own future well-being than other people's well-being?
Do eyes have pleasure?
Can a computer store a human mind?
Do we undergo cognitive changes that make it easier to hear our own name in a crowd?
Does Grade 3 Microtia affect the brain growth?
What is the best food for the brain, in only one word?
Is the brain more efficient on ketones?
Could it be that our brain is just an antenna for synchronizing our soul and our body?
What are osteoblastic lesions?
Is it true that our brain recollects all of our memories in the final moments of our life, after the heart has stopped?
Based on research, what are the proven signs that your brain has fully developed from teen to adult?
If you preserved a human's brain could that person still live even if the rest of their body has failed?
What are good brain foods?
Why can't we forget someone, even if we only have vague memories of them?
How can I study cognitive neuroscience and not neuropsychology? Should I study psychology or physiotherapy or join the medical profession?
What is the function of the 5 different parts of the spine?
What is procedural and episodic memory?
How can you die from epilepsy?
As we know that nerve impulse is in form of electric impulse so is it possible for us to manipulate it?
How frequently have you had uncannily specific deja-vu moments on Quora?
How does microdosing LSD or psilocybin affect the brain?
What is the basic unit of a brain cell?
Why are modern conservatives brain dead?
What are the facts that corrupts our mind? And What alternatives can be taken to over come?
Is Super Brain Booster effective?
Is doing a PhD so difficult that it takes at least 6 to 7 years to complete?
What are the best ways to reduce the glutamate in your brain?
Which part of the brain is related to our reflexes?
What happens to the sexual instinct in the absence of women?
How does the brain process foreign languages?
If you could teleport yourself, is the brain fully adaptable, so it will understand what is happening, or would you go crazy?
How do our brains compare between memories?
Will moderate anemia for 6 months do permanent damage to the brain?
Can the brain have the same function when transplanted to another body?
How do genes control neurons?
Does distilled water help dampen the voltage associated with hyper-excited brain activity and precipitated symptoms by depolarizing neurons that the absence of Cl- ions would normally be doing?
Can most people who have had a stroke still learn things?
What fields of study are involved in neural lace research?
Do you support research on racial differences and HBD (particularly in cognitive abilities, IQ and personality traits)? Why and why not?
Is it true that your brain makes you think that you are more attractive than you actually are?
What is the storage capacity of the human brain?
If a living brain is sliced in half, could there be two consciousnesses at once?
What are the repercussions of a brain angioma?
How does texting affect our brain?
What are the ways for me to harness my subconscious mind?
Memories have weight, but does creativity have weight?
What is the purpose of nerve plexus?
Without hurting myself, how could I get memory loss or amnesia?
What would be stored in a main internal memory?
What is the power consumption of human brain (in Watt)? How do you compare it with a super computer?
How can we program our brain?
What are some interesting facts about the corpus callosum?
What distinguishes porn addiction from gambling addiction?
How can a person increase his or her brain capacity scientifically?
What are the symptoms of white matter brain lesions?
Can continual use of stimulant medication by a teenager damage the brain?
Why do most of us say the world was better when we were young? Is there a psychological or neuroscience explanation for rose tinted spectacles.
Why does the phrenic nerve begin in the anterior scalene muscle?
What are the dangers of installing AI into the brains of animals?
What are the risks of having a bump on the occipital lobe?
Can PTSD alter the brain forever?
What is the right way to meditate to get a good natural high or euphoria while meditating in the sea?
Does a natural more green environment produce more dopamine, oxytocin, serotonin and/or endorphins?
Does NAC (supplement) produce immediate cognitive effects?
Does the nervous system of a professional dancer become more reactive to effects of manual therapy due to his training status?
What can be a substitute for neuromarketing?
How can the effects of sleeping very little be lessened?
How does our brain simplifies complex reality?
What are asialoglycoprotein receptors?
Have I broken my brain?
The mind is an information-processing device, but what were the alternatives?
What’s the difference in the brain between sedation and natural sleep?
Which university is better for studying neurosciences, McGill (Canada) or Rochester (NY)?
What is another name for the fourth ventricle in the human brain?
Has there been any breakthrough research for motor neuron disease?
Why does eating a chewing gum makes me concentrate better?
Is there a way to administer oxytocin orally?
Why do most people’s memory performance start declining in the late 20s and 30s? What is happening in the brain?
How brain processes electric impulses?
How can someone deal with cerebral involution (atrophy)?
How can we be so creative in our dreams, even though our brains are resting, and we don’t intend to think?
Does a midlife crisis change your brain chemistry?
How does agoraphobia affects the brain?
Can you alter the details of a memory?
The app "Vital Tones BPD" pretends to activate some necessary brain areas by sound stimulation. Can that actually help a BPD patient?
What can I do to study brain chemistry online?
What can cause a sudden loss of cognitive function as a teen?
Is brain atrophy treatable?
Can we regulate our oxytocin for eternal happiness?
What are the evolutionary reasons behind our brains finding something to be aesthetically pleasant?
Is imagination just the brain stimulating its neurons?
Do you "relapse" and start from zero symptomatically after a caffeine megadose?
Can giving birth permanently change the patterns of the brain?
Is it possible to develop a learning disability due to child abuse?
What happens to our brain when we space out?
Is a brain dead person actually dead?
In psychiatry, why can't we sample a tiny part of someone's brain in order to determine the composition instead of relying on what the patient says?
What is the autonomic nervous system?
I used an excessive amount of meth for 3 yrs, and currently have 3 years clean, but I feel like my brain doesn't fully function. How do I change this?
When do the two brain halves grow together?
What are the functions of the 3 layers of the brain?
In unscientific terms, how can a person alter his negative subconscious thoughts and desires?
Why can't we recall most of the things from our early childhood? Why do our memories fade away as we grow up?
Is there any relation between dopamine and anxiety?
What part of the brain is the source of delusion?
How does one’s background affect their ability to make decisions?
How is referred pain distinguished from local pain?
Which is the best diet for our brain?
Can we improve problem solving by connecting synapses in the brain with multiple paths, using all of the senses?
Are there neurons that are active all the time?
What medical job would be a good start for a student pursuing neuroscience?
How do I boost my brain power?
What happens in lesions of proximal part of optic nerve?
How can I control myself and train my brain to do so?
If a person is partially impaired, will it affect his memory?
Would a Funny Bone employer hire me if I told her I never went to the Funny Bone?
Is there any simple method to know if my brain is analytical or creative?
Which part of the brain is involved with memory?
What are the main functions of the occipital lobe of the brain?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
Is there any connection between celibacy and concentration power of brain?
Do SSRI/SNRI antidepressants cause short term memory problems?
Is there a psychological or neurological reason why people bob their head forward and back during rock songs?
What neurological effects take place when an amputee loses their dominant hand and has to learn how to write with the other?
How is breaking up like a drug withdrawal to our brain?
What function does cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) serve?
Could reality/matter be a result of consciousness, rather than consciousness being a result of matter/reality?
What are some things I can do to supplement hug cravings?
Is choreographing dances a way to stimulate your brain neurons? I'm a dancer and interested in all things brain health.
How does the human brain compare to an animal's?
Can you recover from the brain damage caused by smoking meth?
What would happen to me if I had access to 100% of my brain?
What part of the brain controls arousal?
Can plopping your head into a firm pillow cause brain damage?
Is it true that some students have more memory power, or brain power or grasping power, while some others do not?
Is it true that most people who have had strokes have one bad enough to prevent them from forming memories afterwards?
Is our brain 1 dimensional?
What areas are responsible in the brain to provide sight? Are there areas that turn off when we shut our eyes or sleep, maybe?
Are there any research work related to creating artificial (organic composition) neurons? Or just maintaining a natural neuron outside of the brain?
What happens to "concepts" and possible "neural connections" in a partial brain injury?
Can people live without the occipital lobe?
Can split brain patients play instruments?
What causes anxiety down to the neurons and neurotransmitters? Is it more of an experience created "disorder", or a physical "disorder" in the brain?
How is cerebral involution (atrophy) treated?
How can I improve my perception?
What would be a natural way to consume/experience music in modern life?
Is the myth about people using 10% of their brain capacity scientifically proven?
What field of study links dreams and neurosciences?
Can your brain recover from caffeine use or abuse?
Can I still be an EMR if I have nerve damage?
How does a brain judge the truth?
Is the practice of lobotomy still practiced?
How can we make something reach and fit into our own subconscious mind as well as make the subconscious mind implement the same thought into the conscious mind?
How can we sharpen our memory?
How can we figure out what is going in someone's brain about you?
What is the anatomy of the human brain?
Is it possible (and if so, how does one function) to survive if the connection between the two hemispheres of the brain is severed?
Which neurotransmitters and neuron clusters does cannabis work on, and which natural lifecycle activity does it simulate?
Does masturbation affect our brain?
Is there any relationship between the size of a brain and its capabilities?
Why have many theorists become increasingly skeptical about the structural distinction between sensory, short-term and long-term memories?
Does playtime makes our brain better?
Is it a serious condition if the vein or nerve that returns blood from the brain is ruptured?
What does Seroquel do to serotonin levels?
Does "regular" memory affect long-term muscle memory?
Does walking help to increase our memory?
Have you struggled with the battle between your heart and brain?
Can a brain injury to an infant result in growth plate damage?
Can hypnosis help to retrieve memories that are lost due to physical head trauma?
Whats the difference between dopamine pleasure and dopamine curiosity?
What are some activities for children to improve brain development?
Should I base my relationship off neuroscience research?
What does the combination of different brainwaves (alpha, beta etc) together tell us about our mental state?
How do I stop damage from being caused to the grey matter in my brain? What medicine should I take, and what cures are there?
What are the similarities between the heart and the brain?
What is the importance of the brain?
What function does the peripheral nervous system serve?
What is the difference between an awake consciousness and a sleeping consciousness?
How are smartphones impacting the human brain?
Is there any scientific research and proof that authenticates DMIT? They say finger ridges develop with the development of the brain, and they correlate.
Can you roll out of your body while you are in sleep paralysis in order to access the realm of astral projection?
What is the divided consciousness theory of hypnosis?
Which is the best hospital for neuroscience and spine surgery in Gurgaon, Haryana?
Can teenagers with brain injuries become themselves again?
What are some interesting ideas that I could give a short simple presentation on relating electrodynamics and the human brain?
What would happen if the prefrontal cortex lobe was damaged?
Is head or brain transplant possible?
What kind of brain does the JEE need?
Are brain areas involved in emotion for art or spiritual beauty the same for emotional responses during the recognition of beauty on a human face?
Which part of the neuron are first impulses conducted? How are there ions there?
What is an undersupply of serotonin most closely associated to?
If someone was using type 1 (intuitive) decision making, would a PET scan reveal activity closer to the brain stem than type 2?
Does astral planes exist somewhere?
From a biological standpoint, what is memory?
What if, one day, someone cracked the exact algorithm our brain uses? Do we call ourselves do while loop machines?
How does our brain control that we must sleep at night and be active in the day?
If 16GB memory containing pen drive will store only 14.3 GB, where is the remaining memory?
According to Hinduism, are all people born with the same brain ability or do some have sharp good minds better than others?
Does a human brain have an algorithm? If the algorithms of the human brains are figured out, what happens? Is it used in artificial intelligence?
What if one day someone cracks the exact algorithm of our brain? Will we call ourselves a do while loop machine?
Some say that not having sex for a long time changes one's brain in that it perceives the world differently. Is there any scientific basis to it?
What is most important topic in the nervous system for the ICSE biology 2017?
How do I remove junks from brain?
Can long-term use of ADD drugs cause brain damage?
At what age do long-term memories start for the majority of people?
Which kind of job would a neural engineer actually do?
Why does reading require a higher degree of neurological dexterity than speaking does?
Will a 20-year-old always solve a logical problem requiring fluid intelligence quicker than a 50-year-old, even if the 50-year-old is a scientist?
Why do I have such awful short term/working memory?
Which part of the brain works more, left or right?
Is there any correlation between bi-lateral hearing loss and brain melanoma?
Is there a physiological correlation between feeling tired (sudden low energy) and becoming quickly irritable/violent?
What is the difference in the brain between humans and animals?
Is it beneficial to have high expectations about one's own future?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
What happens to the brain when we try to memorise something uninteresting?
Is artificial memory wipe possible?
What medical fields will allow me to get the closest to neurological diseases?
Why can't the impacts of the ability to cut and cook food on the human brain (making it larger) be seen in the fossil record?
Why doesn't the brain learn while you sleep?
Is that feeling of being stuck and finally solving something the true secret to ability in that field (particularly in Maths and Computer Science)?
What are the main functions of giant multipolar neurons?
Do our brains forget everything we have studied?
Is programming a good choice for a visual spatial thinker (right brain) that loves anything technological (I have a construction background of 5 years)?
Do cannabinoids produce dopamine?
How are the effects of meditation on the prefrontal cortex different from those of psychedelics?
Is the possibility of a humanoid’s brain being able to be uploaded to any device coming in the future?
If planning on starting an artificial Intelligence company, is it reasonable to study neuroscience?
How do cells in the central nervous system know to properly connect themselves to neighbors, when developing as an embryo?
Why is there an increased level of adrenaline in our bodies when we are under stress? How exactly does the brain understand that and know to increase the adrenaline?
Is reality just a hallucination synthesized by the brain?
What is compressed brain and how can any one diagnose it?
How long can confusion/memory loss from an epileptic seizure last? Can it be permanent?
How active is the prefrontal cortex during mindfulness meditation? Is it constantly active in the attempt to ward off other thoughts?
What are some of the hardest math problems that need great brains to solve them?
Can an anxiety disorder cause the shrinking of the orbitofrontal cortex?
What should we do to make our subconscious aware of our goals?
What are sensory descriptors?
How can I improve my bad logical thinking and problem solving skills?
Can brain cells lost due to 3 years of severe chronic sleep deprivation (DSPS) be regenerated?
At what point of unconsciousness are you considered to be in a coma?
What is it about music that stimulates the brain?
How can I influence and persuade the customer’s reptilian brain (not their limbic system or cerebral cortex) when selling goods or a service?
How can a giant multipolar neuron form?
Is consciousness just a post hoc rationalisation of unconscious processes?
Should I attain a neuroscience degree?
What​ is the speed of neural signals in brain?
What are some good PSP games for my father (60 years old)? He is having a mild memory loss problem, and I want to improve his brain activity.
What happens in the brain when we feel grumpy?
How can functional electrical stimulation be applied?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
What is the neurophysiology of anxiety disorder?
Can you suffer memory loss from domestic abuse?
How can I fall in love with maths and -physics, and train the brain to process calculations very quickly?
How does meth exert its neurotoxic effects?
Is a patient in a coma who never comes back to normal life regarded as living?
Is it healthy to laugh hysterically at all the 'Astral projection' questions on Quora?
How long of a meditation session should one have to produce exceptional dopamine levels?
What causes a bump on the occipital lobe?
What are the prerequisites of cognitive neuroscience?
What's a good starter job for a high school student pursuing a career in neuroscience?
Is there any ongoing attempt at creating humans with larger brains?
Do most of the people that have had strokes lose the ability to learn and memorize things forever?
Can a person with partial short term memory loss aspire to become a doctor?
Which is the best hospital for neuroscience and spinal surgery in Tohana, Haryana?
The Hydrogen Bomb was created by human thought? How potentially powerful is human thought? Furthermost star.
Can psychopaths feel fear, sadness, empathy, etc. through electromagnetic stimulation and other types of brain stimulation?
What does brain synapse activity look like during or at the moment of death?
Is custard apple provides natural immune to cancer?
What is the total number of neurons in the human retina?
How many dendrites and axons are on a multipolar neuron?
Can our intelligence improve, or is there a limit put on our brains that stops us from improving our intelligence significantly?
What is the time of recovery for a brain hemorrhage?
Can a dosage of 50mg of Seroquel a day be causing short-term memory loss?
How many brain cells will I lose while reading Ken Ham's tweets?
Whats the reason behind feeling of movement in brain?
How does neural lace technology work?
What happens to the person's memories after a brain transplant?
How can I start research in neuroscience while doing my second year of an MBBS?
Should I quit my job in order to do online courses for my future graduate degree in neuroscience?
Do alpha blockers suppress the production of norepinephrine because this hormone is produced on demand from its receptors which have been blocked?
How are somatic and autonomic nervous systems similar?
Which are the nerves which supply the heart?
Is it normal for a brain to reduce everything to numbers?
Is over-dependence on technology deteriorating the human brain?
What are the best books to start learning about neuroscience?
The top of my head feels tingly and weird, and when I have that, my short term memory sort of suffers till the feeling is gone. What does this mean?
What could a person do with an extra 10 percent of their brain accessible?
Are our brains designed to judge or rate things in crisis?
How can I stop the process of predicting future constantly?
Does repeating the words in your head while listening help with memory retention & recall?
What is the main purpose of the neural supporting cells?
How can we understand the gradient of tau concentration in an axon?
What is the weight of elephant's brain?
Can mantra meditation lead to dis-identification from the mind?
Is there a mental condition where you focus on one task that you completely forget another (which happens often on daily basis)?
Can we implant Google into our brains to make it a part of our thinking?
What is a higher state of consciousness?
What is the best book to learn what drugs do with our brain?
Do brains follow thinking patterns, based on past events?
What do you think is the likelihood of activity in the brain that we cannot detect with our current technology and understanding?
How come music makes you recollect memories, especially when the quite tough ones?
How do we feel pain through nerve fibers?
What are good EEG BCI development kits?
Is there something as over-consciousness? Or is consciousness the opposite of sub-consciousness?
If light is what makes imagery in our brain, then how do dreams work when you've never seen that person in your dream? It's not a memory.
What can I do to keep my memory sharp?
What in the brain or mind makes us who we are?
How is the back propagation algorithm implemented in the brain?
What do neuroscientists, psychiatrists, and neurologists think of Dr. Caroline Leaf?
If most language and logic parts of the brain are located at the left hemisphere, why is Einstein so good at math even though he's left-handed?
Would playing sports make your nervous system faster?
Can memory loss occur if clonazepam is taken with alcohol?
How bad is the damage in this brain MRI?
Do short-handed people’s brain's "signals" reach their fingers faster? If yes, do they have an advantage in areas that require quickness, like music?
Who is the best doctor of epilepsy at NIMHANS?
What causes an underdeveloped frontal lobe?
How can an underdeveloped frontal lobe affect a human being's life style?
Why do we only use so much brain power?
How can we study to let words get stuck in our long-term memory?
What type of waves are used to check the brain?
Can a person regulate dopamine release (voluntarily) and thereby control sources of his happiness?
Could switching to a subconsciousness for 10 seconds cause any damage or persistent/permanent changes to my brain?
The dumpster cover fell on my head (the frontal lobe). It’s not hurting, but I feel something heavy there. Should I be worried?
Is one hemisphere of the brain responsible for our emotional intelligence and the other for our rational intelligence?
Where do emotions originate in the brain?
How do I boost my memory?
Does paying additional attention to what you are doing improve the brain, just like meditation?
What is an example of a CB 1 receptor antagonist?
What's the difference between the tela choroidea and the choroid plexus of the human brain?
If a vasodilator affects arteries, will it also affect the venous sinus in the brain? If no, then how can you dilate it or stimulate the flow of CSF?
Does regular masturbation cause brain damage?
What is the difference between mechanism of consciousness and consciousness itself?
Why do thoughts in my mind feel like some kind of enigma?
How much brain power does the average human use?
Why do I never get brain freeze even if I try?
What are the main causes of abnormal brain cells?
Is the brain the only organ that preserves our consciousness?
Why can I tell my brain which time to wake up and it works?
Do most people that have strokes lose the languages they've learned?
How do the endocrine system and nervous system work together?
What part of the brain controls the eye’s color?
How can I help my father cope with his aphasia following his brain surgery?
Google has pretty much replaced my short term memory. Does this make me a cyborg?
How do I keep someone out of my brain when the very thought of that person is killing you inside?
Is the human brain the best possible brain?
The symptoms of Lewy Body dementia wax and wane. If the brain is damaged, what explains the "wane" phase?
My question is: If we didn't have language how would you be able to think?
How do I remember a brain’s anatomy?
What is a brain tumour? How and why does it occur?
Is it true that by using our brains 100% we can do magic-like things?
Are the effects of synesthesia true? I mean, hearing colors and seeing music, really. Is there any proof?
Is there a limit to how much we can improve memory and processing speed?
Does heavy exercise affect our brains?
Why does consciousness change when we meditate?
With a neuroscience major, should I go to NYU, USC or Cal Berkeley?
Is the Optic Nerve (GCHQ) program still used, today?
What is a neuro-scientific explanation for teenagers not taking good advice?
What does an interval increase in the size of the left temporal mass mean?
Does hyperbaric oxygen therapy help with brain injuries?
Is a Ph.D. in clinical neuroscience from NIMHANS recognised outside of the country?
What are your thoughts on the neural lace?
What are the risks of having an underdeveloped frontal lobe?
What is the role of oxytocin in males?
Can we really see through objects if we use all 100% of our brain?
Can we send any digital, analog or neuron spiking signal to brain?
What would happen if we have two brains?
Why is it so hard to forget bad memories and experiences that have caused damage in your mind?
What is the difference between behavioral neurobiology and neuropsychiatry?
What are three factors that affect the nervous system when playing sports?
What is a multipolar neuron and what are some examples?
What exactly happens in BPD brain when devaluation starts, is that dissociative state?
How do I know if I'm neurotypical or not?
May being mindful throughout the day be as effective as formal meditation (in terms of brain changes)?
If I put my headphones on and block out environmental sound, I get anxious from hearing my own breathing and become conscious of it. Why is that?
What are some explanations for the mind-reading tricks David Blaine performs in Beyond Magic?
How would you describe intricacies of human brain using computers as comparable?
Can an attempted suicide cause loss of memory?
What head shape would theoretically be best for mitigating brain trauma?
Is everything we perceive consciously and unconsciously being saved in our brains? If not, how do people recall every incident when hypnotized?
With brain-machine-interfaces on the horizon (e.g. neural lace), is formal education now a waste of time and money?
I need to restore my seriously damaged nervous system, but I don't know the exact method. How can the nervous system be cured?
What would happen if you block a sensory neural pathway and how would it effect you as an athlete?
How do I train my brain to be less anxious?
Do you need to be a genius to do well in the field of neuroscience?
Should Trump stop the cancellation of the use of the pesticide Chlorpyrophos when we know its use has serious health effects on brain development?
How often our DNA is accessed for information (read/write) as compared with our brain?
Why we are not utilizing the best of our brain?
Why is only 7% of body heat lost from the brain?
What will you listen to, your heart or brain, when you don't know what should be done?
Why is it easier for me to jump rope backwards than forwards?
When trying to decide if you should allow someone to stay in your life, should you go with your brain or your gut?
What's a general term for self-perceptions that aren't cognitive or affective, i.e., hunger, thirst, pain, fatigue, proprioception and similar?
What is the function of the neural foramina?
Do procrastinators have different brain chemistry (in regions that determine motivation) than non-procrastinators?
At birth, what are the neurological differences between human males and females?
Can people dream dialects they don't speak?
How does the nervous system interact with the muscular system?
How do I do a research about human brain?
How long does it take to grow new functioning receptor sites after irreversible antagonists are used?
How would you explain the development of the nervous system after you practice your sport?
What are the risks with brain damage which also has an effect of turning someone into a savant?
What does an EEG test of a schizophrenic and/or depressive look like?
Can we detect an aneurysm with a brain scan but without injection?
Sometimes I feel like I've recalled a glimpse of a long-forgotten dream (not related to current moment). Have I, or is it just a lapse, like deja vu?
How did consciousness come to exist around the same time across the whole world?
How is psychosis worse than what antipsychotics do to the brain?
Does curcumin help to improve verbal fluency?
How does the nervous system interact with the excretory system?
Can nasal drops affect brain?
How would a hyperostotic growth about 1mm in diameter on the sphenoid affect the nerves of the supraorbital fissure?
What is the typical concentration of tubulin (total and free) in axon?
What solution would you suggest to make your reaction time faster with your nervous system?
Will constant simulation of a task in your brain make you good at the task?
How well/fast can a human brain, intellect, mind, or consciousness adapt to change?
What is the function of a multipolar neuron?
Does the brain use a recursion process?
Regarding autopsies, what is the frequency (& difficulty) of checking the dementia-impacted brain & blood brain barrier for bacterial (Lyme) insult?
Math does not require a lot of brain power, but physics needs a lot of brain power. Am I right?
What are the best herbs for increasing brain activity?
Is it possible to regrow brain tissue?
Is it possible for the human brain to stimulate something that it was not able to do before if it cannot exercise that activity?
When will we be able to create VR Sims where we can literally upload our own consciousness into it?
Does brain cells grow back after a brain biopsy?
What are the reasons for insufficient blood supply to brain?
Is levomethamphetamine neurotoxic?
Can antipsychotics cause permanent damage and affect brain function?
What do you think is the possible reason for deja vu?
How do scientists study the functions of the brain?
Is there a big misunderstanding about what AI will be? Is there an algorithm to solve problems or be a simulation of the human brain?
Are painkillers needed after a nerve hydrodissection procedure?
What happened to our brains when we get hypnotized?
What is the primary function of a unipolar neuron?
Is it possible to trick the brain into believing that it has gotten an adequate amount of sleep even though that is not true?
What are some benefits/harms of marijuana on brain?
What is the evidence that neuronal processing in the neocortex is modular in nature?
Which brain training games do you think actually work?
What could be a cause of a loss of ability to read thoroughly over a matter of months?
Why does my forearm hurt?
Has anyone had pain at the injection site after a nerve block?
Is a better working memory a result of greater storage capacity in the working memory or quicker conversion of short term memory to long term?
By the time the first symptoms of Alzheimer's disease show up, how much damage has the brain sustained?
Is it possible for cyanide to cause the kind of damage displayed by Silva in Skyfall (2012)?
What activities does an undergraduate research project in neuroscience consist of?
What superpowers would we possess if we had nanobots in our bodies and brains?
Would you want to have a better memory? Why/not?
What is electric prostate stimulation?
When we think about or remember a person, is there anything special happening in the brain vs. when we think about or remember anything else?
What are the drawbacks of an electric prostate stimulation?
Can a brain dead patient survive without a ventilator?
What can studies disclose about the human brain?
What process happens in the brain when you "build intuition" for something?
How do we know that we are using only 10% of our human brain power and not using the other 90%?
Is blurry vision caused by brain tumors constant?
Do most people lose their memories and knowledge, and ability to memorize things after a stroke?
What is the typical ratio (concentration) of Tau protein versus Tubulin in axon?
Can I leave the nervous system in the bio ICSE 2017?
What would happen if a man had two hearts? How would his brain act?
What happens to your nervous system while doing sports?
Is it stupid to major in Physics with the intent/desire to work in Biology (specifically neuroscience)?
Why is the human mind unstable?
Is it possible to have a brain MRI done a couple of months ago and for a cyst or tumor to appear suddenly within a month after the initial scan?
What are the advantages of an electric prostate stimulation?
What is the architecture of microtubules in axon? Can microtubules spans the whole axon?
What is the technique behind binaural beat?
Is it possible to be a gut's brain?
What "visions" did you have while in a coma?
Is it possible to study for master’s degrees in both neuroscience and psychology in London so that you fulfill the accreditation criteria?
How does the nervous system interact with the respiratory system?
What is the best materialist approach to the hard problem of consciousness?
Do you believe in the power of subconscious mind? Could you share your experience with it?
Do cholinergic drugs like racetams, Huperzine, nicotine, and galantamine desensitize acetylcholine receptors by increasing ACH?
Which one would you prefer, a beautiful body with a week brain or an ugly body with a clever brain?
How does the nervous system interact with the digestive system?
Is it theoretically possible to extract memories from a dead brain? If not, why not?
How do you get into a coma?
What is the meaning of multiple small, periventricular, high parietal, deep white matter lesions (hypo-intense in T1W1 and hyper-intense in T2W1 and flair)?
Is it true that paroxetine promote neurogenesis?
What are the survival stats of a Grade 5 brain aneurysm and subsequent subarachnoid hemorrhage?
What is an inhibition?
How many parts does my brain have?
Which is the longest dendrite in multipolar neuron?
How can I make my brain more active?
Is there any miniature model of human brain built in c#?
What is the limit of humans’ thinking capability?
How come our brains can't retain dreams as memories that can be recalled easily?
What if there were no languages, assuming that we humans could communicate in another way? How would we think and imagine things in our minds?
What are the eight brain functions influenced by anandamide?
Is it a fact that the Internet makes your brain lazy?
Why is my brain getting slow and really forgetful lately?
Are these stories of 'sudden savants' true or just hoaxes?
What must I do after a liberal arts degree to get into medical school?
Does REM intrusion still occur subsequent to partial/full brain death?
Why are motor neuron conduction studies normal in spinal muscular atrophy?
Why do neurons have the ability to become excited?
What age do most people get Alzheimer's disease or something similar and do most people have this problem?
What are different effects of sound wave on human brain?
Why can't the brain adjust to produce clear images for a nearsighted or farsighted person?
Which part of the brain is responsible for high self control and vice versa?
Do you think genetic engineering or cybornetics will allow humans to improve their cognition in the near future?
What are some good treatments to prevent abnormal brain cells?
How could non-invasive dry EEG be improved? How far do you think it could go with the right model/structure?
What is the nursing diagnosis for white matter disorders?
I'm a fifth year medical student who wants to be a computational neuroscientist. Can anyone recommend modifications if necessary to my plan?
Are others struggling with the loss of their synesthesia?
How do brain cells come together?
What do you know about cognitive decline? How do you reduce or recover it?
Which part of the brain is memory located?
Why is human head transplant so controversial?
Can listening to this binaural beat be dangerous?
What will the impact of brain-computer interfaces be?
If, for years, you take a drug that affects dopamine in the brain and then start another one that also affects dopamine, will you even feel the effects of the new one?
Does trying to remember something specific make it harder to recall?
Does Stephen Hawking think with his computer voice or his original one?
What is cardiac depolarization and repolarization?
Is there any problem in dreaming greatness?
Should individuals be kept alive even when higher brain function is absent?
What are the possible socioeconomic impacts of Neuralink (Elon Musk's mind-machine interface start-up)?
Why is my brain getting slower and really forgetful lately?
Will there ever be an end to our need for computing capacity?
What are the ways to improve concentration and brain power?
What are the job prospects in India for someone with a master’s in neuroscience from NBRC?
Physiologically and functionally, how different are the brains of different humans?
Is it possible for humans to become somewhat like iBoy?
Is intelligence defined by grey matter and the amount of grey matter?
How do we lose memories permanently?
Should rehabilitation for people with cognitive impairment become more common?
How does the motor cortex and language relate?
Do you think intelligence is more of a hardware phenomenon or a software one?
What are some ways to deal with white matters disorders?
How does one reconcile a growth mindset with the inability of fluid intelligence to increase over time?
How does brain decide in split seconds between fight/flight?
What were the early experiments with the blood brain barrier, and how was the blood brain barrier discovered?
Is it true that if you sleep too much you lose your brain cells?
What can my brain do that animals’ brains can’t do?
Is there a correlation between a spiky spectral power distribution and a brain disorder?
Could we someday use our brains to store computer programs?
What happens to a brain-dead person after his vital organs are donated?
How deep does a cut need to be for a person to lose consciousness?
What would you consider the medium for consciousness to be?
Does morphine or laudanosine damage your brain?
Is consciousness portable?
If you had a robotic body and an organic brain, what would be necessary for keeping the brain alive and healthy (using only robotics)?
If the speed of all synaptic transmissions occurring in your central nervous system was somehow doubled, would the world seem half as fast?
What are the differences regarding how different colors and sounds are encoded in the brain?
Do more intelligent people tend to be more depressed?
Does anything about neurons suggest information is naturally digitized to some base or purely analog interfering waves?
What is the best field of research to enter to study the biological roots of cognitive processes?
If you express a brain's computation by laying down rows upon rows of rocks, is it conscious?
Why is the idea of permanently hijacking the brain considered brilliant whilst psychedelics with natural compounds (such as DMT) are prohibited?
What have been some of the rarest psychological or neurological disorders you have come across, and how did the people who had them behave?
With gene modification and a better understanding of the brain, could knowledge one day be planted and genetically passed on from one generation to another?
Has anyone done hydrodissection for nerve entrapment? Did it hurt a lot?
Why is the teenage brain not fully developed?
How would one pursue a career in neuroscience without a B.S.?
How can I transfer the information I study into long term memory?
Would a pituitary adenoma show up on an fMRI?
What are some regular things people do which in the long run reduce the abilities of their brains?
Does the brain lose its effectiveness after long hours of learning?
Is there any way to avoid neuronal cell death in Down Syndrome?
Why do we assume that consciousness is located in the brain?
Is it theoretically possible to create a machine that would stimulate the human brain to experience its highest level of happiness forever?
Can a normal person have a brain that thinks like Baniyas’?
How can all neurons be unicellular when myelinated neurons consist of Schwann cells, too? Why aren't they called multicellular?
What if a tree had a consciousness?
How big do brain tumors have to be to start causing symptoms?
What is the fundamental basis of the mind, the consciousness and of thoughts?
Is there any proof that taking panax ginseng is good for you in any way at all?
What is happening when my brain is working 100%?
Is it possible for one's dominant side of the brain to change?
What characterizes presynaptic neurons?
What are the chemicals in our brain responsible for the happy feeling?
Could a person be so psychologically traumatised that they go into a coma?
Is it possible or will it be possible to record the electrical signals that "are" memories?
How do woodpeckers repeatedly peck a hard surface without the g-forces damaging its brain?
How could I release dopamine while studying?
How much information can the human brain process in real time?
Can xanax/alprazolam cause hallucinations?
Does cocaine carry dopamine itself, or does it only inhibit dopamine reuptake?
How do olfactory neurons sense and transmit information?
Can I get a PhD in clinical neurosciences with a 95 score in NIMHANS?
What would happen if someone else's cerebrospinal fluid got in a cut on my hand?
Can neural plasticity result in changes to high-level brain structures?
How quick is dopamine produced after a meal?
What objectives should I talk about for a brain presentation?
Can solving puzzles help the brain perform better in math?
Can I consciously study or observe what I do or what happens to me subconsciously?
To what degree has humanity been able to reverse-engineer the human brain as of 2017?
What are the origins of deep brain stimulation?
Has psychology been explained by neuroscience?
How does literacy affect the architecture of the brain?
Why is our mind a very dangerous place?
Does forcing seizures stimulate growth in the neurological patterns they go through, leading to a lower required stimulus to trigger them?
What is the mechanism of perception (sixth sensation) according to sensory neurons?
What's going on in my brain when I understand a language, but can't speak it?
Does the human nervous system have AC or DC power?
What are some of the most weirdest nervous disorders?
How are "we" related to our brain? Does it control us? If so, then what is "us" in this case?
What brain waves would be in use when a singer sings?
If humans could take a drug that extended life indefinitely, would their brains run out of room for memories?
What is a small molecular weight tracer?
What are the main symptoms of a cancerous brain tumor?
What treatment is recommended for nervous system disorders?
What function does the corpora quadrigemina serve?
Does meditating to gamma, beta, alpha, or delta waves increase your I.Q.?
How much sleep does our brain require?
Do anyone focus whether brain can be represented by maps of neuronal circuits?
Does a fetus have consciousness and if so, how did that come to be?
How many persons become brain dead yearly in India?
Why can't the human brain comprehend there's no end to the skies as we see them?
Which dopamine receptors does methamphetamine affect?
Why is the stomach known to be the second brain in the human body?
What is sensory knowledge?
Does the demon succubus/incubus folk belief have something in common with the insular cortex in the human brain?
Did Swami Vivekananda and Ramakrishna Paramahamsa suffer from temporal lobe epilepsy?
How can one make the brain function faster in everyday life and stay in the present moment?
Are there any mood enhancers (other than SSRIs) that don't affect memory?
Are there any examples of adversarial networks in nature/biology/neuroscience?
Can psychedelics give new insights into the nature of consciousness or how we can create it?
What are the most important changes in the brain after birth?
If you have titanium plates on your skull, will the brain adapt to it? And what will happen as a result of the adaptation?
What are some tools to track your own biometrics (i.e. data about your hormone levels, brain waves, etc)?
Should one stir up forgotten memories?
What are some foods that boost brain power?
What are the requirement for attending a transcranial magnetic stimulation course?
What's the state of our current understanding of the roles of neurotransmitters and neuropeptides in hunger motivation?
What happens if presynaptic neurons are damaged?
Why can't our souls manipulate us like our brains do?
Once we understand how the human brain works, can we hijack it to transfer its memories and functions to a robot's brain?
How do you explain what memory is when viewing it as a structure or process?
Can neurology be an alternative to psychology?
Can brains be connected to form a super thinking machine that could make cool stuff?
Which is a better school for premed/neuroscience, Bowdoin or Emory?
How do neurons act as filters?
Do I have nerve damage?
Do different languages affect cognitive thinking differently?
What is the difference between dendrite and grain?
Which part of your brain is useful to solve problems and puzzles?
What are fluid filled cavities in the brain?
What are the best ways to support your brain activity?
What are some characteristics of the corpora quadrigemina?
How do I keep my brain from being stupid?
How does the brain represent data in neurons?
What do we know about the massive neuronal loss humans have in their twenties?
Is it possible to genetically modify a creature so that it is born with biological technology?
Is porn addiction a pseudoscience?
How can I activate gamma brain waves without meditation or drugs?
What is Weber's test to find the type of deafness? I am a bit confused about the three of them.
How do electrical synapse and chemical synapse differ?
What is the meaning of self consciousness in Dhayan?
What does it mean when white matter is showing in the metabolic area of the brain on a PET scan?
Whats does “blood brain barrier” mean?
To what extent do worldviews depend on brain and serum levels of serotonin, DMT, and so on?
How the dopamine effect in our thinking way?
Is there a difference between excited and nervous?
Does everyone have the same brain when they are born?
How is the pituitary gland regulated?
Brain stimulation methods and how do you feel about it?
What is faster, the human brain or the Sunway TaihuLight?
If a person is brain dead but their heart is still beating, are they dead or alive?
When will AI/ML be able to compose music to give a specific emotional response, based on the listener's connectome? What would this music sound like?
Is the brain really the main think tank of the human body?
Which science class should I take if I want to study neuroscience after high school?
Do you think general AI or intelligence in general requires a biological substrate?
Where are the presynaptic neurons found?
What is a way to activate the reptilian brain?
What are the chemical explanations for the "superpowers" gained from NoFap?
Is brain to brain communication real?
In 10 years from now, what will be the processing speed of the computers (personal) and will we be able to transfer our consciousness to the computers?
If I wish to study management or business in graduate school, should I major in psychology or neuroscience as an undergraduate student?
Does too much screen time damage the brain?
Does your brain get hot when you think too much?
Are nosebleeds a sign of something bad if you already have brain tumors?
If parallel universes existed, would it be possible for your consciousness to move between versions of you, assuming that your brain is exactly the same?
Would someone please describe the role of reduction in learning?
How can you train your brain to learn things quickly?
What would happen if you learned and studied a secondary language for years and got Alzheimer's disease?
Is it safe to have intercourse with an epilepsy patient?
I noticed how I've grown to be quite fond of pain. Is it part of my brain's defense mechanism?
What does the neural activity of the brain look like when a person thinks why he has consciousness?
If man removes sperms daily does it affect brain?
If our brain is in charge of thinking, why do we think of ourselves as our whole body and not just our brain?
What is the physiology behind taking break in between studies?
Would a software model of the human brain be able to solve problems like a real human brain?
Is there evidence or scientific studies on the pharmacological basis of empathy?
Is it possible to get that magical feeling back that we once had when we were children?
What are other way to visualize and have an internal dialogue, other than by verbal, visual and kinetic means?
According to the integrated information theory, if I created a perfect software model of the brain and put it in a simulation, would it be conscious?
Is human brain being evolutionized to face new challenges?
What are some examples of neural mechanisms?
Does eating artificial sugars (calorie free) make the brain release dopamine?
Has brain scanning hindered psychological research?
What actually happens in brain during Headache?
I worry that my brain is not right for programming, could I be right?
What is subconscious mind capable of? How do I use its powers?
How can you remove an image in your subconscious mind, in how affect on you to look at things?
What neurological conditions can cause psychological disorder?
Why do I hear a constant beeping in my head?
Does alcohol damage your intelligence?
Do people with advanced Alzheimer's disease or dementia realize or even care about the knowledge they've forgotten?
Will there be a point when we'll discard language in order to search for alternative means of communication? If so, what might be some of these new ways?
Does the left and the right side of the brain equally work?
Do people that get Alzheimer's disease or something similar forget the languages they've learned?
Can anxiety permanently wipe out memories that are being recalled while having anxiety?
Can a person move and walk again after a head transplant?
What are some jobs that require the right-hemisphere brain?
How true is it that most people get Alzheimer's disease or something similar and lose all of their knowledge?
How is a brain print used as a password?
How the brain differentiates between conscious and emotions while taking decision? Is there a role of memories for analysis of the problem?
Can you fake a coma?
Will a single sided conductively deaf person have slightly less memory?
Can music emitting from any devices/tools/objects/whatever still retain its effects on the brain?
What is the way to activate the rectilinear brain?
How does the brain convert chemical energy to concious thought?
Do humans have the ability to prioritise some memories over others? What causes memories to not fade equally over time?
Are people with borderline personality disorder more likely to become abuse victims?
Is doing neuroscience an option after a BA in psychology?
Could we transport our consciousness into robots?
How do I treat this very loud mechanical sound in my head?
Is counting seconds subconsciously a thing?
Why do we yawn? Is it to get more oxygen into our brain?
Does the brain retain information better if it is heard by both ears than just one?
How can I simulate the effect of drugs without damaging the brain?
What does central nervous system fatigue means?
What is a list of books for "whole brain thinking"?
What are the biochemical changes that occur in Complex Post Traumatic disorder?
What happens in psychopaths’ brains when they meet the person who will become their spouse? What happens when they first see their children?
Do pitbulls have bigger brains than other dogs?
Why do people with severe brain damage curl in their hands?
What's the best brain hack you know?
Do people who have strokes lose the ability to remember things forever?
Can internal hallucinations progress to external ones?
Where are the nonexistent memories we experience during déja-vù really from?
What are the branches on an axon terminal?
How do sensory systems function?
If someone had damaged their Broca's area as a result of a brain injury, is there any chance that the person could speak again?
Does the way of holding a pen affect our brain or mood?
How long does diazepam suppress the nervous system?
Can Sudoku keep my brain in tiptop shape?
How do I increase the power of the right hemisphere of the brain?
Is there such thing as a definitive test for consciousness?
Is personality stored as memory, or is it determined by brain make up, genetics, etc.?
Is it possible to shoot an electrical signal at someone in a way that disables the nerves in a section of their body, like for example, their legs?
In primary microcephaly, is there any medical management for neurological enhancement?
What medication helps with restlessness and twitching with a brain tumour?
Why is there subjective consciousness?
What is the memory capacity of a human brain?
I got a non contrast MRI. Could they have missed a brain tumor if I had symptoms for a few months?
How can you best describe the limbic system?
What can be found out by examining just a brain?
Are increases in rarity proportional to increases in cognitive ability on the IQ scale?
If our thoughts are just electrons passing through our brains and sending informations. Can we control thoughts just by means of electrons?
Are brain aneurysms in teens common?
What are some games that serve as a good way to pass the time as well as increase your brain activity?
How much time does a person have to live once cancer has spread to their brain?
How would someone's life be if he had 0 to too little dopamine in his system?
What is the best way to increase storage capacity in the brain?
What are some indications of high brain processing speed?
How can we repair damaged tissue in the brain?
Is the brain necessary for stereotype work?
What is extra sensory perception, and how does one achieve it?
Do ENTP folks experience even more of an active brain on MDMA?
Is it normal for my brain to be noticeably slower, less focused, and less efficient when I'm sleep deprived?
How do electronics applications harm our brains?
Is a person's sense of time influenced by their brain waves?
How is the brain removed from the skull?
How long does LSD continue to affect the brain after the effects have worn off? Is it days, months, or even years later?
What's the most complex simulation of the brain so far?
What controls long-term memory in the brain?
Would it be possible to transplant a brain into a synthetic body to be immortal?
Is flow a kind of supernormal stimuli?
Do scientists lose thinking capacity with age?
How are ideas stored in my brain? What is the biochemistry behind this?
How can we train our brain to the level of Elon Musk, John von Neumann, and Nikola Tesla? Is it possible?
What is your experience with having impeccable memory?
How is epilepsy operated on? What does it mean to take out part of the brain? What can be the after effects?
Why does my brain speak with me?
What is the way to use the right brain?
Have you ever experienced deja vu? How do you see it now?
If you could enhance your brain 10,000% but be a brain in a jar, would you do it?
What is the mechanism of sixth sense according to the neuron sensory?
What is the subconscious mind and how can I train it?
Is there a generally agreed upon definition for consciousness?
How can we learn to accept what we don't know while pursuing knowledge?
What was octopamine sold for, before it was found to be endogenous?
Why is peripheral neuritis usually associated with dilated veins?
If a person were to wake up with complete memory loss, what resources are out there to help them get back on their feet as a "new" person?
Do antipsychotics permanently slow down the brain or does it only last for a short while?
Can you make yourself go brain dead?
How can we become clearer channels for beings of higher consciousness?
Is yawning due to lack of oxygen in our brain or due to any other reason?
What are some facts of kids' nervous systems?
Is a brain tumour always fatal? Or can it be cured?
How do we know consciousness is limited to organic life?
How do you describe the main division of the nervous system?
What is the weight of the largest brain tumor ever removed surgically?
What type of brain does it take to be a programmer?
Can upper motor neuron lesion cause hypotonia as in some cases of meningitis and encephalitis? Or is it limited to cerebellum only?
People used to think the heart was the seat of the mind. What did they think the brain did?
Can we run or act stressed if we do not own a sympathetic nervous system?
How long does a person live after a brain tumour operation and radiation?
What is the function of the lateral hypothalamus?
Can beta-alanine cause permanent nerve damage?
Do brain hemorrhages feel like water draining out of your ear but inside your skull?
Can we can use 100% of the abilities of the human mind?
What is the difference between the subconscious mind and the soul?
My brain goes numb when stressed. What causes this?
How can you tell if people like you for your looks or your brains?
What is the difference between human brain and super computers?
What are the best colleges for advanced degrees in neurology?
I want to purchase ZTE Axon 7. Should I wait for Axon 8?
Why are humans not able to use more than 10% of the brain's cranial capacity? Is it an end to human brain evolution?
If you lost your memory, to what extent would this affect your personality?
What is parenchymal lesion in chest?
What is repolarization and depolarization?
Can hypothyroidism decrease intelligence? Is it temporary?
Does brain transplantation work? If so, does the patient remember his/her past or will they act as donor?
I often wish to die as I don't see any meaning in my life. What should I do?
What are the best painkilling drugs for aggressive brain tumour?
Why is nothing in the nervous system connected? It is in contiguity.
Are you more concerned about your appearance or your mind and character?
Why does taking a pause from a problem helps in getting to your end goal of understanding? Do cognitive scientists know why?
If we could successfully transplant a brain, would that mean that the person’s soul would be transplanted too?
What is consciousness? How does it occur?
Does Zika have any effects to the adult brain in the long term?
What are the roles of scaffold proteins in synapse?
How do I make my primitive brain feel safe?
How is information transmitted via graded potentials? Is the quantity of neurotransmitter release proportional to the strength of the stimulus?
How was the brain formed?
Is there any treatment for right temporal lobe dysfunction that isn't causing seizures?
Why isn’t the human brain naturally mindful?
Can people be traumatized and get PTSD from their hallucinations?
How do I classify artifacts in a scalp map of EEG data?
Are EPSP and IPSP graded potential?
How can you describe the longest cranial nerve?
Can you explain active transport in nerve cells?
How much memory does the brain have?
What are the benefits of playing sudoku for the brain?
Can word search puzzles help the brain?
How do different neurotransmitters cause different feelings and effects?
What part of the brain stores factual information?
In neuroscience/pharmacology, is a blocker the same as an antagonist?
I automatically visualize a sound without actually seeing it in front of me. Do I have synesthesia?
Will doing daily life activities with your left hand enhance the left side of your brain?
If the MRI shows no nerve damage, can there still be nerve damage?
What we can see from brain imaging?
Will we replicate the brain before the body?
How many METs can you reach doing intense mental work (e.g., maths)?
What contains more information. The human brain or the human genome?
What are 6 brain foods to power up studying?
What exactly does a suicidal person experience in their brains?
What are the immediate precautions for epilepsy or fits?
What is the technical term for not having a picture perfect memory?
What are the problems within theories of consciousness?
Does the prefrontal cortex differentiate between emotion and decision making? Or are both "run" on the same networks/connections?
Is it possible to recover dopamine when it’s now causing tremors, or have the receptors been destroyed?
If there is research that shows a machine interacting with a human within reality via a quantum consciousness, how will this be received?
A friend of mine OD'd on Xanax and cocaine. Will he have brain damage?
Were school camps nerve racking for you?
Why is a synapse called a physiological junction between two neurons but not an anatomical junction?
Do savants have a greater muscle memory capacity?
If one part of the brain is affected (let's say from bipolar or other mental disorders), then does it enhance the creative side of the brain?
Why are video games so hard to enjoy? They take a lot of patience and concentration. Prince of Persia squeezes your brain, and GTA tests your patience.
Is it possible that this world is an illusion created by my brain?
Are there multiple doors in our brain?
Where does one’s conscience come from, the brain, the soul, the heart or where?
Why would I have a brain tumor at 27 years old?
Do fMRI studies at MIT pay much more than fMRI studies at Brown?
What effect does music have on humans?
Is the tryptophan absorbed from the intestines enough to affect the serotonin levels in the brain, causing depression?
Is it beneficial for right-handed person to learn left hand writing?
What would happen to the brain if it experienced something it could not process?
Can dopamine agonists repair the effects of alcohol on the brain?
What is learning/understanding according to science, and how does it work in the brain?
Does our brain's problem solving ability in studies (engineering for ex.) comes by birth or we need to develop it? I tried but no gain? What to do?
What should I know about dopamine and endorphines in order to "hack" my brain?
How does a brain neuron compare with a computer? What are the operations it can perform? I heard every neuron is like a desktop computer.
What universities have the best neuroscience programs?
How fast can one read and learn at different levels of IQ?
What are the cerebral benefits of a right handed man, writing with the left hand?
Is our soul the quantum version of our brain?
Does the subconscious mind really retain all the information received in its entire lifetime?
Do cells have a consciousness akin to our own?
If you have the chance to bring back the memory of a person who suffers from memory loss and who used to seriously think of committing suicide, will you do?
How does one turn the unconscious to conscious, if that's even possible?
I'm left-handed. Is it true that my brain works differently in some cases in ways that my interests are affected to a small extent?
Synesthesia: How did you realized that you have synesthesia?
Are CT scans of the brain for the first time dangerous?
Why do we need bilateral processing of olfaction?
Does any institution in India offers masters/phd in Brain Computer Interface(BCI)?
What function does the right frontal lobe serve?
Why do I feel refreshed and energized after listening to binaural beats with the sounds of the ocean surf mixed in?
How do I make a hallucinogenic binaural beats from IDoser work?
What is the career of a cognitive scientist like?
How does the Indian philosophy of consciousness challenge the hard problem of consciousness?
Could a brain which is a holographic image produce consciousness?
How can I get knowledge on human brains?
When dreaming, is it common to recall memories of events & places from previous dreams even if those memories were never recalled while awake?
Is it possible to use our subconscious mind to control a digital device?
Can bedbugs cause major damage to a property?
How do I improve my analytical and logical skills?
How would humans react if the heart and the brain exchanged places?
How have researchers used our understanding of the brain to develop (the field of) artificial intelligence?
How can I get knowledge on my brain?
When was the last time you ate a human brain?
What does the right centrum semiovale control?
Why does it feel nice to put a hand on your head?
Why is the heart called the centre of emotions when it is known that all emotions originate in the human brain?
Why is the binaural recording effect that can be experienced via headphones lost when listening through speakers?
What can happen if I get cerebrospinal fluid on my hands?
Nature is infinite and our brains are not, so how can we understand nature?
What ways can memory be suppressed?
How do I stimulate my parasympathetic nervous system?
My parents raised me very sheltered. I'm more important to people than they are to me. I don't care about people. How do I change this?
How is the brain affected by Alzheimer's disease?
How do I develop emotion regulation ability?
How do you explain invisible learning disabilities, neurological damage or autism spectrum to young children affected by these issues?
How can I get knowledge on neuroscience?
If the human brain has a "hate circuit," what would happen if someone surgically killed someone else's hate circuit?
What is the best thing you've experienced because of having synesthesia? What is the worst?
How can you describe the part of the brain that controls breathing?
Which system is called a second brain?
Can a computer program ever replace the human brain? Can computers be made to think and feel, rather than just compute?
Is there a practicum requirement sheet to dissect a brain?
How can I get knowledge on neurons?
Could someone please give me an insight into pursuing a PhD and research in neuroscience at the Indian Institute of Science?
Is there a way to test the number of resources the brain can simultaneously draw comparisons from in order to find an answer?
What 3 things shaped your perception of the world the most ?
Why is a CPU called the brain of the computer and is the most complex part in it when GPUs are often the most expensive part in a system?
Is it possible that my brain chemistry is naturally “high”?
What are the main benefits of neuron tracing?
Are there any drugs that only affect the neurochemistry of specific parts of the body? If so, what mechanisms allow for this type of specificity?
Will we ever be able to insert devices in our brain that give us information, such as all known historical information, so we don't have to learn anything?
Does the brain run on algebra?
Could consciousness be the primary "essence" of the whole universe? Or is consciousness simply emergent, with no special relationship to all else?
What should I do as a neuroscience Ph.D. student to make myself more competitive in the tech industry after graduating?
Does MDMA usage affect cognitive abilities?
What is the temporal resolution of auditory processing?
How are brain aneurysms and strokes handled?
Why do we have tics, meaning uncontrolled movements we do unconsciously?
Do computers slow down our brains?
How much (percentage) do we know about the brain?
How do I ensure that future brain technologies will help and not harm society?
What brain functions are often underdeveloped in children that could have been helped with certain educational toys?
What happens in our brains when playing virtual reality games, example PSVR?
What is the impact of movies on human thought process?
What is consciousness? Why are we conscious?
What's the assumption of electrophysiology study in neuroscience?
How can I enhance my memory at the age of 20?
If we could live 1000 years, will our memory capacity overrun?
How can we control ajinomoto in our bodies?
What are the effects of constantly sparring in boxing without a head guard?
If antipsychotics block dopamine, why aren’t they used to treat addictions to drugs like alcohol or nicotine that increase dopamine in the brain?
What part of the brain is responsible for grief and sense of loss?
Is there an EEG dataset which is measured by Emotiv?
How do I go from mathematics to medicine?
How do I get rid of blank brain?
Is there such a thing as free will, or are our decisions, thoughts, and things that we will say tomorrow or in the next 40 years predicted like a timer in brain?
Can you develop psychopathy while your brain is still developing (e.g., during early puberty)?
What happens inside the human brain when a human falls in love?
How does the brain "calculate" the "average speed" of moving objects?
What are effects of listening alpha wave continuously for hours?
Could a space faring alien lack consciousness?
Does high serotonin cause aggression in insects?
What is the difference between the functional connectivity and the effective connectivity in neuroscience?
What is the importance of having a sensory stimulus?
Are the degenerative characteristics(death of brain cells) of high impact contact sports accelerated in case of an already existing depression?
Does working memory have a length or is it truly incremental?
Does deja vu mean I am on the right path?
How does the brain work during problem-solving?
Isn't neurogenesis responsible for intelligence in humans? So can any creature become intelligent if neurogenesis occurs in them?
Is there anything that a human mind can do that a computer cannot?
What's going on in my brain when I start to fall asleep in the middle of the day and immediately start dreaming?
How are the different types of brain cysts treated?
What are some symptoms of brain aneurysms and strokes?
How do our brains remember long pieces of information, like complicated instructions?
How many electrons have to move in order to carry an impulse along the length of an average nerve cell?
Why do some people start dancing when listening to music? Is music a way to control and activate certain random regions of the brain?
What would happen if you had half of your own brain and half of someone else?
Does Adderall reduce slow activity on EEG of brain?
What part of the brain is responsible for desiring the company and approval of others?
Why does Prozac kill the libido if it's increasing dopamine levels in the brain?
Are humans just brains controlling bodies, or are they bodies with brains?
What is better at storing information, a computer or your brain?
What is the consciousness of a drug experience?
What is "pruning" in the human brain?
Is football worse than boxing for the brain?
Has a brain transplant been attempted? What are its complications?
Even though alcohol is a depressant, how come some articles claim some are less depressing than others?
Is it possible to feel the activation of different parts of the brain at their physical locations?
What would happen if potassium and sodium were reversed in a neuron? Would an action potential still be possible?
How do I change my brains default mode from unfocused to focused?
When stimulating a neuron with an electrode, how do you avoid recording from the same signal you sent?
What are the medical specialties that need computer science knowledge, especially knowledge of programming languages (e.g. Java, python or C++)?
Which alphabet has an impact on human brains?
If I was somehow able to upload my consciousness to the computer, will I become as intelligent as the computer?
How does meditation help with anxiety disorder from neurophysiological perspective?
Can babies feel stress?
What does the left centrum semiovale control?
What are some examples of sensory stimuli?
Is it possible to stimulate a cerebellum of the brain with electricity to enhance the duration it takes to become a professional at motor skill based TAS?
Before marrying someone, did you have deja vu about he or she being the one? How & why?
Can current technology interpret brain wave effectively?
If a sociopath’s brain appears like that of a neurotypical in a brain scan, then how is a sociopath diagnosed as a sociopath?
How many neurons would we have in our brain if the average distance of them would be 10 nanometers?
What are the causes of chronic brain inflammation?
What part of the brain deals with guilt?
How do electrodes record from and stimulate nerve cells?
What is the impact of high stress levels on a toddler's brain development?
Could a human brain produce enough energy to charge a smartphone?
How long does it take to produce new functioning serotonin and dopamine receptors after irreversible binding antagonists like risperidone?
Are 3-5 page articles substantial for stimulating the brain, or are books required to fully exercise the brain from reading?
Has anybody written a top-down, all inclusive, layman's guide to everything that the brain does?
Should I go for binaural beats or nature sounds while studying?
A study says schizophrenia is caused by over-synaptic pruning. But, then what is the inverse? What affliction is caused by under-synaptic pruning?
Have you used CogMed or any online working memory applications/tools to increase very low working memory impairment for a person who also has dyslexia?
How do I work with my own brain instead of blindly following others?
Is the dubstep damaging my brain?
Should the rarity jumps in IQ suggest to me the level of increase isn't linear?
I am paralyzed from the paradox of choice. What action plan strategies should I start taking to polarize my potential towards meaningful goals?
Does our memory define us?
Why does the human brain have so many parallel pre-motor systems?
What causes brain aneurysms and strokes?
How can the sympathetic nervous system cause vasoconstriction?
Is a part of your brain programmed to rest after doing a specific task for too long?
How do neurons communicate with hormones?
Why are animals with high brain capacities born with little instincts/knowledge?
What makes the "hard problem of consciousness" so unexpectedly hard?
How many GPU cores would be needed to fully simulate all of the functions of a biological neuron?
Which is a better place for an internship in neuroscience? US or Europe?
How does the nervous system help all the other systems in the body?
What factors determine the amount of time needed to recovery from a blood clot in the brain?
Does everybody's brain use exactly 20% of their body's energy?
How has meditation benefited you in your research career?
What do psychopaths think of research suggesting that they have an overactive dopamine reward system?
Are there any medications that are known to affect the temporal lobe functions (besides those for epilepsy)?
Is it going to be possible to temporarily transfer human consciousness as a file into a video game while your body is still functioning and alive?
How can the brain experience the same dream its simultaneously creating?
Can you train your brain to remember dreams better?
Is it possible to activate dream parts of the brain during the waking state? Can this happen artificially?
How will psychology evolve over the next century?
What is the advantage of having low intelligence biologically?
Can drinking Listerine cause hallucinations?
Wonderlic Cognitive Ability Test - what's the best way to practice?
Is there any brain game app like Memorado, where you can compete with real people?
Why did not we preserve the superhuman Ramanujan's brain for study?
To what extent is consciousness a function of possibility through contemplation via connections between the epistemic & ontological domains of being?
What are some of the main theories about mindcontrol and erasing memories?
Can we ever conquer our trypophobia?
If a person suffers from memory loss, how does he know how to speak? Shouldn’t he be like a baby?
How can math improve our brains?
What relevancy bares performance on working memory tests, pertinence, and the import of low and high function therein?
When a person gets symptoms from a brain tumor will it show on an MRI without contrast?
The doctor took a CAT scan of my brain and said that it looks normal. Does this mean that I don't suffer from depression?
What's the neurochemistry of what organs are more active making specific neurotransmitters when a person is surprised, happy & cries at the same time?
Is it better to learn something before noon by the right brain (like programming and math), and after noon, is it better to learn something by the left brain (like language)?
Can I program my brain to suppress physical pain?
Why is dopamine considered inhibitory?
Can drinking Listerine damage your brain?
What chemical events or molecular products are produced in the brain by psychological trauma in women but not in men?
What is a biphasic action potential?
How do l reprogram my subconscious mind to speak in English fluently?
Do Adderall and Ginkgo supplements interact? If so, do they interact synergistically, cumulatively, or antagonistically?
In our brain at which part do doubts generate?
Can the optic nerve light signals be amplified?
Do we hear real sound?
How can I erase someone from my memory?
Is it true that the brain limits the muscles, and that we actually can lift cars? In that case, how can this be achieved?
What is the scope of MSC neuroscience?
Would a genius or gifted person notice a 1 or 2 point drop in their IQ? How much does IQ have to drop for it to be noticeable?
When a person gets symptoms that resembles a brain tumor, will it show on an MRI?
Would working spatial memory deficits or issues with mental rotation affect measured IQ?
How can I protect my brain during bouts of insomnia and sleep deprivation?
Can LSD cause long-term damage to your short-term memory?
Is there such a thing as artificially rewiring the brain of a person with autism to that of a neurotypical so that he'd subconsciously behave differently?
Can the optic nerve function be amplified?
How is the subconscious collecting information?
What happens to the brain if the cranial vault is made 2 cm smaller?
Can you recover if a poison reached your brain?
How do rods and cones work with the optic nerve?
What does the infundibulum do in the brain?
How can the causes of memory loss in teenagers be studied?
Can hallucinations read your mind? I mention tactile hallucinations a few times and it started happening to me. It's almost like the devil made this.
Why do we feel immensely negative and recall only bad memories sometimes?
Why do we get that weird feeling in our chest when we see someone cute?
Waht is the reason for bad memory?
Is the removal of an oasteoma from the cerebellum protrusion considered brain trauma?
How can I measure my cognitive functioning on a daily basis?
Could growth hormone treatment induce neurogenesis in the neocortex?
How can I block certain brain regions?
To what extent can an age-related decline in one's typing speed and accuracy signal a corresponding decline in one's overall cognitive ability?
If a baby sleeps with his head next to a wall electrical socket for 10 years, will he become brain damaged?
Is memory in the human brain matter or a form of energy?
Why is ethanol a central nervous system depressant?
What is the origin of human development (bone structure and cranial capacity) in the prehistoric culture?
Is it possible to take out a dead body's brain and control the body with a computer?
What are the best activities to enhance one's fluid intelligence?
Can alcoholism cause a brain aneurysm?
Interested in human brain and engineering, what should I look into?
What does consciousness tell us about the unknown, namely God?
What causes potentially positive changes in temporal lobe brain activity?
How many nerve endings are in testicles?
Should a hyper advanced humanity extract consciousness from every certifiably conscious being that has ever existed?
Why do the nerves coming from the two cerebral hemispheres cross?
How can you get rid of a poison that reached your brain by bloodstream?
What purpose do the three divisions of the nervous system serve?
What causes brain fog during an exam? What is the cure for it?
Do people with total and permanent memory loss still have their old consciousness?
Are there any muscarinic receptors in somatic nerves?
Is my brain timing my sleep?
How can the brain experience the same dream its simultaneously creating?
How long can I ice my hand before I risk damaging the nerves?
What is the advantage of having low intelligence biologically?
Is there any brain game app like Memorado, where you can compete with real people?
What kind of activities make dopamine run through body?
Is there a way for me to go into the field of robotics and AI after a bachelor's degree in biosciences? Will going into neuroscience help?
How do the functions of dendrites and axons differ?
What are the results caused by the stimulation of the reticular formation?
What scope does a PG in psychiatry have in relation to treating autism spectrum disorders in India?
What advice would you give to someone studying neuroscience?
Is the brain used in socializing, because we do most of it with our tongue (just wondering)?
Is every memory you recall triggered by something?
Why does my mouth water so much at the sight of a tuna fish, more than with any other food?
What are the functions of axons and dendrites?
How do we depict language, and ultimately words themselves?
How do binaural beats and solfeggio frequencies work together?
Why do you like neuroscience?
What does the frontal lobe of the brain have control over?
Do human brains ever have bugs and errors like a computer application does?
Why do we get that weird feeling in our chest when we see someone cute?
Could growth hormone treatment induce neurogenesis in the neocortex?
How can I block certain brain regions?
How does the human brain represent numbers?
Is memory in the human brain matter or a form of energy?
How do you deal with all the amount of information available on internet?
Can medication cause memory loss?
What function do organelles serve in a brain cell?
Does large dosage of vitamin c have any effect on the brain or mind?
What if anybody could gain IQ points by eating another person's brain?
What are implicit memories?
Wonderlic Cognitive Ability Test - what's the best way to practice?
What is the safest substance that causes short term amnesia?
Can we ever conquer our trypophobia?
What type of training can improve the brain after frontal lobe damage in a child?
What are the brain changes that occur in Complex Post Traumatic disorder?
What are the roles of the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems in male orgasm and ejaculation?
Is Alzheimer's just the brain becoming smoother?
Is Brain Mapping Olympiad best?
How does the brain deal with memory?
What is the neuroscience of surprise?
Can triggering extra seratonin and oxytocin in a Parkinson's patient be helpful in dopamine production?
What happens to my brain after I learn a second language?
When will we be able to digitize the human brain/transfer human consciousness?
Are the changes that zuclopenthixol cause permanent or does my brain return to normal after it wears off?
What can you do with a BA or BS in neuroscience?
Besides N-Back training, are there any other activities which can potentially enhance one's working memory or fluid intelligence?
How does the brain process and store information? How should we change our learning habits to take advantage of it?
Is socializing something we do with our brains or just by using our tongues?
How common is meningitis with a normal bloods and cerebral spinal fluid result?
Could cognitive ability be augmented artificially?
What is the scariest account of Deja Vu ever recorded?
How can we run a garbage collector in our brains?
How do I get past my parents having me commited to a mental ayslum and destroying my brain function with zuclopenixol depot injection?
Is it true that Clonazepam causes irreversible memory loss?
Is it normal for your short term memory to get worse as you absorb more and new information (long-term memory gets better)?
Where is emotion stored in the brain?
Is constant perfection of some particular skill good or bad for human brain?
How do neurons communicate with hormones?
Is it possible to safely isolate a whole functioning brain and place it in a jello compound? Would I be conscious?
What can one do with an MSc in Cognitive Science (specializing in neuroinformatics)?
What are some Centers of Excellence around the world for stem Cell Research?
What features of an EEG can be used for depression?
What kind of brain power/imagination is needed to create a movie like Avatar?
Is it possible to activate dream parts of the brain during the waking state? Can this happen artificially?
What is the best way to determine if you are left brained or right brained?
What is a biphasic action potential?
What is the difference between Deja vu and Mandela's Effect?
If someone you loved gets brain damage, and completely changed, would you still love them?
Can meditation induce false memories?
How does the left part of the brain see and interpret the world?
How does going from the surface of the earth into space affect the operations of computers and human brains?
Is it true that the brain limits the muscles, and that we actually can lift cars? In that case, how can this be achieved?
How are emotions linked to chemicals in your brain?
Is there such a thing as doubling of consciousness, like you have a consciousness on top of your consciousuness in a different reality?
By practicing meditation, will my fluid intelligence or working memory improve?
How can the causes of memory loss in teenagers be studied?
Is there any solid proof that biology determines personality? For example, is there proof that having male genitalia is more likely to make someone enjoy action figures?
Can hallucinations read your mind? I mention tactile hallucinations a few times and it started happening to me. It's almost like the devil made this.
Why do we feel immensely negative and recall only bad memories sometimes?
Why can we hear some noise in our brain when we are alone?
Have you ever thought that the brain is the real you and the body is a carrier for it?
Does playing with puzzles make our brains more functional?
Does sitting like L increase your cognitive capacity?
Does anyone on here lack the ability to visualize faces/places/memories?
They say we only use 10% of our brain. How much of our physical energy do we waste that is available to use, and how can we begin using it?
What does emotional intelligence consist of?
How has meditation benefited you in your research career?
Why is human brain said to be the most complex machine in the whole universe? Is there nothing more complex than human brain?
Which part of your brain controls the growth of your penis?
They say that we live in the past because of the time our brain needs to process information, do you find this fact scary?
If a child was forced to "grow up too fast," is there a chance their brain is fully developed by the time that they are a teenager, or before 25 yrs?
Why is dopamine considered inhibitory?
What are the best foods/supplements to take to boost brain activity and understanding?
When will we know the role of every neuron in the brain?
What are good foods and recipes for someone with a severed vagus nerve?
In the fight, flight, or freeze response, what is happening during the freeze? Is it common or a last resort during complex trauma?
How do we control which neurons to fire?
Is there anyone trying to experiment to make people smarter, i.e., boost the brain?
Why was Einstein able to use that much % of his brain that no human has ever reached till now?
Can we build the small connections like neurons?
How can I learn to apply my brain to everything I do?
What are some good exercises to keep your brain healthy?
Will AI change the evolution of the human brain?
What are some alternate therapies available for rehabilitating hemorrhagic stroke patients?
Since it is poorly understood how the brain works, why are scientists so certain they've identified all the important physical parts and their roles?
What is the scope of MSC neuroscience?
Would a genius or gifted person notice a 1 or 2 point drop in their IQ? How much does IQ have to drop for it to be noticeable?
Is all personality based on the structure of the brain? If so, what is under our control?
What are some examples of synesthesia and subjective exaggeration?
What things transmit electrical impulses?
How does memory in the brain work, and how is it stored?
How can I improve my psychomotor vigilance?
I check my phone messages million times per day. How can I stop this habit?
What can treat my sister's chronic daily headaches? She has visited 17 different doctors, none of who have been able to offer a resolution.
Does the Lumosity brain training really work - enhancing memory, thinking and focus?
What makes a human think as an individual? Or what makes our brain think as an individual?
What happens in neurons when we are happy?
Do migraines make you smarter?
What is the role of imprinted genes in the brain?
Why do people believe we use 100% of our brain if we do not even have full control of it, nor do we have complete innervation?
Is it true that there are more synapses in the brain than stars in the universe?
What "visions" did you have while in a coma?
Whats the difference between dopamine pleasure and dopamine curiosity?
When a person loses oxygen to their brain and it begins to dies, which parts of the brain tend to go first?
Do blueberries truly benefit the brain?
If we could prove that consciousness is matter, is there anything in science that could allow an afterlife or reincarnation?
What evidence exists of lower academic performance in children caused by brain damage due to high levels of toxic metals in the air in China?
Why is a CPU called the brain of the computer and is the most complex part in it when GPUs are often the most expensive part in a system?
What are the nervous system's most common disorders?
What kind of research do different fields of neuroscience perform?
Is it possible to study for master’s degrees in both neuroscience and psychology in London so that you fulfill the accreditation criteria?
How does dopamine cause Parkinson's disease?
Why is it claimed that CBD is not psychoactive? And what is its relation to treating OCD?
What is the cost of MRI scans in Delhi?
If an AI exists that operates on a different frequency spectrum than our biological minds, is there a way we can bridge this gap?
Which countries are the best for grad school in affective or clinical neuropsychology (and have good pay for neuropsych jobs)?
What happens to the person's memories after a brain transplant?
What is the mind? Is it inseparable from the body/brain or not?
Does it help our body if we think it is alright even if it is not? Can we fool our brain?
What are the ways to keep your brain active for longer duration?
Does the human brain work like a system-on-a-chip?
If you have the chance to bring back the memory of a person who suffers from memory loss and who used to seriously think of committing suicide, will you do?
Does intelligence decrease with age?
Is ADHD an actual issue or just our way of avoiding blame for our own misuse of our mental capacity?
How does alcohol affect the brain, making one do foolish things?
What makes brain store the memories?
Would the development of a brain-computer interface cause humanity to evolve into beings without a physical voice or even without arms and legs?
How can I make my brain more active?
What are the major fiber tracts of the brain?
Is it possible to feel misfiring synapses in your brain when you are tired?
What are some good, free brain-training games for logic online?
What is a simple neuron circuit that explains classical conditioning?
Does human awareness solve the hard problem of consciousness?
What is the link between mind, brain and consciousness?
What would happen if the prefrontal cortex lobe was damaged?
Is cocaine an amphetamine?
How do people validate their neural network code?
How can we control ajinomoto in our bodies?
What is the main purpose of the neural supporting cells?
Can xanax/alprazolam cause hallucinations?
Can brain damage happen by a fall that didn’t cause an injury?
Could someone explain Spike-Timing-Dependent Plasticity in simple terms?
What function does the brain stem serve?
Can Sudoku keep my brain in tiptop shape?
What are nootropics/brain supplements?
Are there 2 different command centers in the brain?
If one human was able to absorb all the information available on the internet, could the brain physically handle it and what would happen to it?
What is the scope of research in neuroscience and how should one pursue it?
Can solving puzzles help the brain perform better in math?
How important is neuroscience in constructing artificial intelligence?
Is it true that the human brain works in a manner similar to the idea of quantum computer (check details)?
Do you have to be really good at biology and chemistry to be a PhD level neuroscientist?
Why does the prefrontal cortex need the visual cortex?
What age do most people get Alzheimer's disease or something similar and do most people have this problem?
Is there a mental condition where you focus on one task that you completely forget another (which happens often on daily basis)?
Why can’t I remember things or multitask?
How is the cortex like computronium?
Do you think the actively used internet represents our collective consciousness? Or does it shape our collective consciousness?
What function function does the occipital lobe serve?
Why can’t I fully express, describe, picture and explain everything in my brain as clearly, meaningfully and truthfully as a unique individual?
If our brain is in charge of thinking, why do we think of ourselves as our whole body and not just our brain?
Are there any cures or medication for short-term memory loss?
Is there evidence or scientific studies on the pharmacological basis of empathy?
What are implicit memories?
What controls long-term memory in the brain?
What does Mark Zuckerberg think of brain computer interfaces?
If you combined all consciousness from every living thing in the entire universe into one (collective consciousness), could that be defined as God?
What function does the orbitofrontal cortex serve?
Does the PNC release more inhibitory signals than lung stretch receptors but slower?
What is the typical concentration of tubulin (total and free) in axon?
Why is our mind a very dangerous place?
Are others struggling with the loss of their synesthesia?
Eels generate electricity using their nervous system. Why can't humans do the same?
Why do I hear a constant beeping in my head?
Is it physically possible for the brain to store enough information to learn all dialects of all languages?
What is the action of Sympathetic nerve fibres on Salivery gland?
Why does reading require a higher degree of neurological dexterity than speaking does?
Does making progress in modern mathematics require more work or more brain power?
How do I clear my mind to learn something new/for a session of studies?
What are some of the most weirdest nervous disorders?
If we could make artificial brains and hearts for humans that could operate 24/7 without flaws, would that mean that humans could live forever?
Does deep diaphragmatic breathing help to produce serotinin, endorphins, dopamine and oxytocin?
What function does the trochlear nerve have?
What will the impact of brain-computer interfaces be?
If your consciousness is copied to an Android body and you died, are you still you in the Android body or another being?
What is the difference between an artificial neuron and a fuzzy neuron?
Is there a way to reward your brain for doing a good job, such as remembering something important, to incentivize it to do it more frequently?
What are the types of sensory receptors?
Is there any correlation between bi-lateral hearing loss and brain melanoma?
How can you describe the functions of taste buds in the nervous system?
Why am I asked to test Physics instead of Biology when I applied for neuroscience?
What is your experience with having impeccable memory?
Can naps after lunch help to restore and recharge the brain and can this help to prevent depression?
How is epilepsy operated on? What does it mean to take out part of the brain? What can be the after effects?
What is the function and location of the thalamus?
Now that we are all in one category, how will neurotypicals explain the brain differences found on the scans from patients suffering from Asperger Syndrome and HFA?
Why does 11β-HSD2 deficiency cause apparent mineralocorticoid excess (effects like mineralocorticoids binding its receptors) but not glucocorticoids?
Does myelin also act as protection for axons in the brain?
What is a sympathetic nervous system and a parasympathetic division?
How can you describe the function of the medulla in the brain?
Why do people use "heart" to describle their feeling rather than "brain"?
How our brain uses oxygen to regulate the body?
Where do emotions originate in the brain?
Are the changes that zuclopenthixol cause permanent or does my brain return to normal after it wears off?
Can a person in a coma be experiencing a "reality" in their mind?
Does epilepsy show up on an MRI?
What is the smallest creature with a nervous system (either centralized nervous system or nerve net)?
Is there any stimulus from the brain to the neurons after damage or does the brain stop sending neural messages?
How can the brain's neural system simulate heaven at the end of the tunnel in NDEs?
For how long would your heart have to stop for your brain to shut down?
If memories are electric signals, how do our brain knows which signal represents which sense?
Why do most people’s memory performance start declining in the late 20s and 30s? What is happening in the brain?
Is it true that most people that have strokes lose all of their knowledge and can never learn anything again?
How much of our brain do we really use, and why do we not have the ability to use it all?
What is the reason, logic, science or cause behind deja vu?
Can we construct a linklist on secondary memory?
Is intelligence defined by grey matter and the amount of grey matter?
What would happen if we cut the vagus nerve?
How do psychological studies show the reliability of the human memory?
How do we form memories just by strengthening synapses?
Isn't neurogenesis responsible for intelligence in humans? So can any creature become intelligent if neurogenesis occurs in them?
What are some Centers of Excellence around the world for stem Cell Research?
Are we conscious of our thoughts before language embodies them?
If there is research that shows a machine interacting with a human within reality via a quantum consciousness, how will this be received?
If you upload your memories on a computer, would you live your life as a computer?
According to Judaism, precisely how do non-conscious sensory stimuli become a conscious experience, and exactly how do the two connect?
When a surgeon causes a loss of a kidney and massive blood loss during a surgery, do they have any obligation to assist the patient in following up with these things?
How do I keep someone out of my brain when the very thought of that person is killing you inside?
If you are on the autistic spectrum, is there a way to find out what your specific malfunction is?
How does a neurotransmitter imbalance cause attention deficits?
What happens to the brain sexually during puberty?
Can psychedelics give new insights into the nature of consciousness or how we can create it?
Do blind people have better than average working memory?
What degrees or subjects do I need in 12th class and at the undergrad level to become a neuroscientist?
What are some ways to deal with white matters disorders?
Looking at the brain from the underside perspective, where are the amygdala and the hippocampus located?
Is there any research underway to accelerate evolution and “rewire” our brains to “cure” our antiquated tendencies of greed and violence?
How does the brain function when you lose something?
Should one stir up forgotten memories?
What are the recent major breakthroughs in the field of neurosciences?
I used an excessive amount of meth for 3 yrs, and currently have 3 years clean, but I feel like my brain doesn't fully function. How do I change this?
Is it true that by using our brains 100% we can do magic-like things?
Can a coma patient speak and lapse back into coma? What the medical explanation for this?
What is the difference between Deja vu and Mandela's Effect?
How exactly are memories stored in the human brain?
Can all neurological disorders cause asphsia and are all neurological disorders classed as brain damage?
How can working memory increase long-term focus and attention?
How is referred pain distinguished from local pain?
What do you think of Facebook's new "mind-reading" technology for typing?
Could all of the knowledge that humanity has, fit within a single human brain?
Are painkillers needed after a nerve hydrodissection procedure?
What can you infer about a three-year-old’s intelligence if they can remember and recognize whole written words after seeing them one time?
Does eating foods like cacao or urine/semen that contain neurotransmitters that occur in the brain pose the threat of making the brain produce less on its own?
What is Elizabeth Loftus’ theory about memory, and what is her process for planting false memories?
How do you explain what memory is when viewing it as a structure or process?
While synaptic gaps are always illustrated as floating tips of neuron connections, what keep them in place in real life, and what is the medium there?
Is sleep necessary for memory consolidation?
Is there a higher consciousness than ours (for example, as a comparison, our consciousness related to a dog’s)?
What is a professional for brain nutrition called?
Can bupropion attenuate amphetamine neurotoxicity?
What is the function of the lateral hypothalamus?
What does the right centrum semiovale control?
What are different genres of music, how does one identify them, and how do they affect the brain?
What are the main functions of the occipital lobe of the brain?
When a baby is just born, are there any connections in neurons yet?
What kinds of brain enhancements are theoretically possible?
How do I get a girlfriend while on the autism spectrum?
Is it possible for the parasympathetic nervous system to activate in response to a perceived threat?
What function does the upper subscapular nerve serve?
Can machines ever be conscious?
Is there such thing as a definitive test for consciousness?
If I get tortured in a very agonizing much horrible way, can our brain save us from this traumatic experience by sort of locking itself?
Why does my friend have the urge to eat brains?
Is consciousness just a post hoc rationalisation of unconscious processes?
How does visual and auditory attention differ from visual and auditory perception?
Can the human tendency to engage in violent conflict be overcome? Are the best answers rooted in biology, history, sociology or elsewhere?
What is a way to activate the reptilian brain?
What part of the brain is associated with spiritual consciousness and beliefs? And would an atheist's be more developed, divergent or vestigial?
If you had a robotic body and an organic brain, what would be necessary for keeping the brain alive and healthy (using only robotics)?
If the speed of all synaptic transmissions occurring in your central nervous system was somehow doubled, would the world seem half as fast?
Are there any voluntary behaviors that don't involve a neuron firing an action potential, a muscle contracting or a gland secreting a substance?
How would you know that your brain is aging?
How does the human brain compare to an animal's?
How could Facebook's brain-computer interface become a mass market product?
What are the best painkilling drugs for aggressive brain tumour?
With belief in the paranormal rising, are people abandoning the idea that the mind and the brain are one?
Can a normal brain become messed up with drugs so much that it can become schizophrenic?
What is the name of the brain protein for memories?
Why is a collective false memory termed "The Mandela Effect"?
What are motor and mirror neurons?
What are some good PSP games for my father (60 years old)? He is having a mild memory loss problem, and I want to improve his brain activity.
What happens in your brain when you are about to die? Do you see anything?
Do men and women perceive smell differently?
How does alcohol imitate water to get into the brain?
Why is my brain memory getting worse? What should I do?
How do I know if I'm neurotypical or not?
Are there any research work related to creating artificial (organic composition) neurons? Or just maintaining a natural neuron outside of the brain?
What happens in the brain when we feel grumpy?
Where can I find studies or research being done (particularly in the UK) on lexical-gustatory synaesthesia which I could participate in?
Why is dopamine considered inhibitory?
If a sociopath’s brain appears like that of a neurotypical in a brain scan, then how is a sociopath diagnosed as a sociopath?
Have you had a longstanding memory that you later realized wasn't real?
What proof is there against and for a biological and higher consciousness in humans?
How do I avoid memory loss?
Can genetic editing rectify possible DNA malfunctions before birth, and help to produce superhumans by improving brain functions?
How does the brain create an imaginary friend?
Is it possible to send our dreams to others?
Where do emotions come from? Is it caused by brain activity?
Is it true that our brain recollects all of our memories in the final moments of our life, after the heart has stopped?
If you preserved a human's brain could that person still live even if the rest of their body has failed?
What does the red nucleus do in animals besides humans?
How do agonist and antagonist neurotransmitters work?
What is the most advanced cognition of which humans are capable?
What are some simple ways to reprogram the subconscious mind?
What do you fear most about mind/thought reading technology?
Can computational neuropathology be a legitimate area of neuroscience?
Is Heidelberg University better than Humboldt University for a master's education in neuroscience?
In the Mandela Effect, how can a timeline change & personal memory remain? Surely your memory would change along with the timeline and there would be no awareness of change.
Did scientists find any way that can stop our aging and help us stay young forever?
What are atrophic changes in the brain?
If a presynaptic neuron is an inhibiting one, but the synapse is very strong, will the postsynaptic neuron fire or not?
Why do AI methods have only superficial resemblance to the way the brain works?
How can we make AI, when we are not even sure that we are conscious, how can we make consciousness then?
What are high paying careers for neuroscience PhDs?
Why have humans developed the best sonars, and yet our brains still can't compete with the plum-sized bat's brain?
How can I improve my psychomotor vigilance?
How does a fully developed brain differ from a developing brain?
Why does the heart still beat when the brain is dead?
If a baby sleeps with his head next to a wall electrical socket for 10 years, will he become brain damaged?
How do I develop emotion regulation ability?
How amazing is Quora, when I can sit in bedroom and drench my brain in wisdom?
Why does smoking cause brain aneurysms more than alcohol does?
Do most people lose their memories and knowledge, and ability to memorize things after a stroke?
Do people in a coma have any awareness or dreams?
What are dopamine levels?
Do you need to be a genius to do well in the field of neuroscience?
How do I train my brain to be less anxious?
I had a brain aneurysm a couple of years back. Is it possible that the person who I was and who I am now are different?
What is the most complex organism brain we can successfully imitate with current AI technology?
What purpose do the three divisions of the nervous system serve?
Does the brain have any vestigial structures?
Why is it easier for me to jump rope backwards than forwards?
Is it true that the more you use the brain more agile the brain it becomes?
Are there any specializations in homeopathy like neurology, pathology etc?
Is it possible to become completely unable to communicate due to a motor neuron disease, or is there always technology which makes communication possible?
How can I make my brain respond faster when making decisions?
Can hypnosis help to retrieve memories that are lost due to physical head trauma?
If scientists decide to store your brain until we know how to build AI out of biological knowledge, what will happen once your brain is loaded up? Is it you?
Is it true that some guy's nipples are not errogenously connected to their brain?
Is there any brain game app like Memorado, where you can compete with real people?
Is it possible that my brain chemistry is naturally “high”?
What roles do fat and water play inside your brain?
How can the brain be transplanted?
What is a golden memory?
If we only utilize a small percentage of our brain, what is the remaining part used for?
Do Schumann resonances resonate with brain gamma waves? What happens to the amplitude of the brain waves in that case?
In what aspects are neuron-like cells different from neurons (considering something like PC12 after differentiation to a neuron)?
If a person suffers from memory loss, how does he know how to speak? Shouldn’t he be like a baby?
How can I make my brain capable of consuming and maintaining insane amounts of knowledge?
Is it possible that galaxies are like brain cells in a cosmic intelligence? Each cell is not intelligent by itself, but trillions together are.
What is neuroplasticity? Is the brain really similar to a muscle? How can anyone increase neuroplasticity of the brain?
What are some brain-computer interface technologies and devices that already exist?
Could consciousness be the primary "essence" of the whole universe? Or is consciousness simply emergent, with no special relationship to all else?
How can math improve our brains?
Suppose, in ten years time, if we are able to connect our brain directly to artificial intelligence, what skills should we teach our kids presently?
What is the temporal resolution of auditory processing?
Which one would you prefer, a beautiful body with a week brain or an ugly body with a clever brain?
Why do we have tics, meaning uncontrolled movements we do unconsciously?
Can a person having short term memory become an IFS?
Do lower life forms have consciousness?
Are there any benefits of using fNIR over fMRI or is it just less costly?
What are the main differences between superior and inferior colliculus?
Is it true that paroxetine promote neurogenesis?
Where is the better institution for brain mapping in India?
If you could transfer your consciousness to something else, what would it be?
Do I have synesthesia? When silent things move, I can still hear them.
Does taking l-tyrosine lead to an increase in tolerance related to dopamine production or intake?
Do antipsychotic damage the brain in every case?
Do humans know the precise science of creating feelings (thoughts)? Without science, how do we ascertain that there's free will? We also need feelings in order to choose?
Does the brain retain information better if it is heard by both ears than just one?
Do gamma waves have a real effect on our brains? I heard it for a few days but am unable to see my progress. Is it good to hear gamma waves while travelling?
How did the evolution of the human brain lead to the two halves controlling different thought processes, or is that a misconception?
How can we repair damaged tissue in the brain?
What are the 3 types of neurons in the nervous system?
How does the human brain represent numbers?
What is the basic cause behind the planning we make? Is it the brain or heart, because theory says its our heart which creates 80% magnetic field?
Why have I not been able to think clearly, and why has my memory declined?
Why is the brain so thirsty for words in the form of an internal voice?
How might neurotechnology change society?
What would happen if one brain held the knowledge of 7 billion other ones?
Is the Halo neuroscience device legitimate?
How does being awake for 24 hours affect the brain?
How does our brain control that we must sleep at night and be active in the day?
Why do we have to remove excess water from the brain of someone at the age of 77?
Why does music (or the sound volume) on your PC appear to sound progressively louder as it gets later in the evening?
What is a higher state of consciousness?
How much RAM (random access memory) does a human brain have?
Is it possible that eating a big bowl of chili (without anything unusual in it) for lunch will cause temporary memory loss for the rest of the day?
What are some interesting facts about the corpus callosum?
How does the nervous system help all the other systems in the body?
How likely is it for the outermost layers of our brains to be entirely artificial by the next decade?
What are the symptoms of white matter brain lesions?
According to Hinduism, are all people born with the same brain ability or do some have sharp good minds better than others?
What is the physiology behind taking break in between studies?
What would happen if the hippocampus was punctured exactly?
How could a real mammal handle having more than one brain (and/or more than two pairs of legs)? (In fiction, the possibilities are endless).
Do we have more than one brain?
How do brain tumors occur?
Would it be possible to transplant a brain into a synthetic body to be immortal?
Why does loss of consciousness generally happen instantaneously when the heart stops?
What are some long-term things you can do to improve and/or build your personality/character?
What universities have the best neuroscience programs?
What if deja vu is the result of time travel and changes to events that occur thereafter?
What affects the human brain the most in terms of intelligence and what is the best way to get intelligence?
Can we control electronic gadgets with human brain?
How can be learning power of brain and focus on a particular point be increased?
What is the firing rate of an AR15?
There isn’t any way to improve fluid intelligence, is there?
When were you surprisingly aware that your body is at your own will? Or have you ever noticed a clear break off between your body and consciousness
Does a natural more green environment produce more dopamine, oxytocin, serotonin and/or endorphins?
How are "we" related to our brain? Does it control us? If so, then what is "us" in this case?
Are there any ways to recall old memories through exercises for the brain? What are some factors that might play a role?
While dreaming, can your brain listen to things someone else said and create scenes fitting the description?
Do Adderall and Ginkgo supplements interact? If so, do they interact synergistically, cumulatively, or antagonistically?
How might neurotechnology be abused?
How can we train our brain to the level of Elon Musk, John von Neumann, and Nikola Tesla? Is it possible?
What are some bad experiences and memories of studying in Kota?
What does the infundibulum do in the brain?
What happens to the brain if the cranial vault is made 2 cm smaller?
Does watching porn cause brain damage?
Does the auditory cortex process the internal language of thought?
Can a single neuron remember something?
Can we enter into a virtual world with deep brain simulation?
Neurologically, what's the difference between "knowing" and deeply realizing something?
What happens if you cut into the brain to access the blood vessels in the brain?
Can the conducting power of the nervous fibres increase?
The mind is an information-processing device, but what were the alternatives?
What region of the brain allows us to collaborate with others?
What process happens in the brain when you "build intuition" for something?
How can I understand my brain?
What happens to your nervous system while doing sports?
Can neurons change their neurotransmitters?
Are human brain cells emitting weak audio noise during action potentials?
If the brain is used 100% as scientists actually try to define, then why does every individual have a different level of brain power? How can it be increased?
How would those around you react if you had the ability to read/sense their thoughts and memories?
What happens to the skull during brain surgery? How do they get access to the brain?
Why is my brain getting slower and really forgetful lately?
Does a neurotransmitter work?
Do people with brain damage or Alzheimer's disease still go to prison if they commit a crime?
How does the brain work during problem-solving?
Is constant perfection of some particular skill good or bad for human brain?
Do 3D simulations in computers exist in some real sense? And if not, could this be compared to the hard problem of consciousness/AI?
Why can I tell my brain which time to wake up and it works?
How can dehydration possibly cause brain damage?
What are the evolutionary reasons behind our brains finding something to be aesthetically pleasant?
Should rehabilitation for people with cognitive impairment become more common?
If a person were to wake up with complete memory loss, what resources are out there to help them get back on their feet as a "new" person?
Is dopamine technically a hormone?
Is it possible to have spina bifida myelomeningocele close to your brain (on your nape), but not have any symptoms?
Why is the heart (pumping machine) portrayed as a sign of love instead of the parts of the brain which are responsible for it?
Why is my brain so active when I’m trying to sleep, and can I do something about it?
What are the most important changes in the brain after birth?
What are some natural, sure shot and quick ways to train your brain to remain calm and focused?
What are the most commonly used dopamine reuptake inhibitors?
What is the function of the septum pellucidum, and how does it carry out its function?
How is a CPTSD brain similar to an autistic one?
Is it possible to consciously sleep talk?
What are the best medicines and exercises for a healthy brain?
How can I make it easier for my brain to navigate in complex places?
What is the technical term for not having a picture perfect memory?
What are the functions of the 3 layers of the brain?
What are the benefits to having a more complex brain?
How does a brain neuron compare with a computer? What are the operations it can perform? I heard every neuron is like a desktop computer.
Are humans just brains controlling bodies, or are they bodies with brains?
Will there be a point when we'll discard language in order to search for alternative means of communication? If so, what might be some of these new ways?
How much faster is the human brain compared to a computer?
Why do antipsychotics shrink the brain and how can this be prevented?
Can epilepsy be incurred and backwards?
How does one turn the unconscious to conscious, if that's even possible?
Is it true that if you sleep too much you lose your brain cells?
Can stomach waste cause brain fog?
If we can reduce thoughts during mindfulness meditation, can we reduce thoughts that keep us conscious during the process?
Is it possible for the human brain to stimulate something that it was not able to do before if it cannot exercise that activity?
What if your heart switched places with your brain for 5 seconds?
Is Dynamo an alien? What do you think?
How does an EEG differ from normal during cannabis use?
What happens in our brains when we crave something?
Are there neurons that are active all the time?
If the working memory space is limited, how does one store enough information necessary to pass exams that take place within the same week?
What type of brain does it take to be a programmer?
What is the mechanism which acetylcholine acts to slow the heart from the vagus nerve?
Can an anxiety disorder cause the shrinking of the orbitofrontal cortex?
Do all human beings have consciousness or only some of them?
If the brain is unconscious during sleep, then how do we see dreams?
Is it true that the brain is not completely mature before reaching 30?
What are some of the hardest math problems that need great brains to solve them?
How does our brain learn languages?
In what way is the bisexual people's brain different from the heterosexual and homosexual people's brain according to scientists?
How long does a person live after a brain tumour operation and radiation?
What part of the brain controls taste?
Is there something more complex than the brain?
Is there any simple method to know if my brain is analytical or creative?
What is a specific example of a brain-computer interface?
Which makes human brain more powerful?
What is a neuro-scientific explanation for teenagers not taking good advice?
What does 30 years of crack use do for the body and brain?
How can I make my brain stop thinking? I'm really tired, and I want a break.
Are GANs plausible for the brain?
How long does it take for a single synaptic connection to form ex novo?
How can I maintain what I have memorized?
Is a very small epidural hematoma a sign of severe brain injury?
Does language limit our capability to think?
How deep does a cut need to be for a person to lose consciousness?
Is there a psychological or neurological reason why people bob their head forward and back during rock songs?
What are the prerequisites for studying theoretical neuroscience?
Is there compelling evidence that vaccinations given to infants can adversely affect their neurological development and behavioural well-being?
Does our brain develops when we comb our hair?
How can I increase the connections between neurons?
What is the highest stage of mind?
Does brain develop in terms of maturity and understanding of the world throughout ones life?
Would transferring your conscious actually "transfer" your conscious or create a new one?
Why is my short-term memory good but my long-term memory is terrible?
What part of a neuron processes incoming stimuli?
Why is human learning more complex?
What are the medical specialties that need computer science knowledge, especially knowledge of programming languages (e.g. Java, python or C++)?
Isn't the brain a sense? All senses pick up signals, and the brain's ability to pick up and interpret the signals that other senses emit makes it the ultimate sense.
What is the brain without the brain? How do we know it is perceiving brains and not something else or made up?
Is it possible for someone from the past to take control over your brain?
Why are Australians so inhibited?
Can you train your brain to remember dreams better?
Can a computer store a human mind?
How do signals travel to right places inside the brain?
What are the four lobes of the brain and what do they control?
How can I remain laser focused, despite having 5-6 hours of sleep (like Elon Musk, Nikola Tesla etc.)?
What is consciousness? How does it occur?
How do I train my brain to think out of the box?
When we map the brain, will consciousness finally be transferable?
If reading seems to be the best hobby to produce tangible cognitive results, how does it do so?
As a trainee counsellor, how can I work with a client having short term memory issues and brain damage?
What part of the brain deals with guilt?
Have you experienced a progressive decline in your ability to recall what you've studied?
How can I improve my perception?
How do you enhance your working memory?
If someone tells you to listen to theta using brainwave entrainment, does that mean I should listen to binaural beats or isochronic tones?
Is the brain more efficient on ketones?
What are some recommended introductory texts in neuroscience for a high school senior, and is it possible to switch to coding if we do a neuroscience degree?
Why does the brain like to procrastinate on work (like studying and problem solving) and to do things like watching moves and listening to music instead?
Which one is better, cognitive science or neuropsychology?
What is the best chemical (natural or artificial, inhaled or consumed) to quickly induce/increase libido?
How can I get knowledge on human brains?
How much do we know about the mechanism of long term memory in human brain?
How does a brain judge the truth?
Is it possible to turn a human brain into a computer?
What will happen to my heart, brain, and soul when I watch the news of people being killed every day?
In what ways is human behaviour affected by the physiology of the brain?
When dreaming, is it common to recall memories of events & places from previous dreams even if those memories were never recalled while awake?
Is the practice of lobotomy still practiced?
What are the best ways to calm the parasympathetic nervous system, especially before sleep?
Should I go for binaural beats or nature sounds while studying?
A study says schizophrenia is caused by over-synaptic pruning. But, then what is the inverse? What affliction is caused by under-synaptic pruning?
How do brain synapses work?
Can a supercomputer supersede the human brain in calculations/processing speed? Can it beat a person while playing complex games?
What are the implications of the discovery that the brain simultaneously stores memories in the hippocampus and cortex?
Is there any way that we can format memories from our brain?
How many Calories (kcal) does the brain need to function properly?
Can reversible MAO-B be used in conjunction to methylphenidate?
Is it is true that our learning capacity decreases with age?
How do neurons choose which patterns they respond to?
What part of the brain stores factual information?
What is the best thing you've experienced because of having synesthesia? What is the worst?
Can a computer program ever replace the human brain? Can computers be made to think and feel, rather than just compute?
Is consciousness spacial or non-spacial?
Do psychedelics activate neurogenesis?
How can I train my brain not to give up?
Threads get the memory within the process memory, but where does semaphore get memory?
The Hydrogen Bomb was created by human thought? How potentially powerful is human thought? Furthermost star.
What does brain synapse activity look like during or at the moment of death?
What if you could overstimulate the production of new neurons in your brain? Would you gain more knowledge or just learn better?
Is it possible to be a gut's brain?
If parallel universes existed, would it be possible for your consciousness to move between versions of you, assuming that your brain is exactly the same?
Are there any muscarinic receptors in somatic nerves?
What does my reaction to anesthesia say about my brain?
How can I understand how my brain works and to work with it?
Is there such a thing as purely theoretical computational neuroscience?
Whats the reason behind feeling of movement in brain?
What is the advantage of having myelinated nerves?
Does cannabis affect beta brainwaves?
Can most people who have had a stroke still learn things?
Can nasal drops affect brain?
Is it true that below-average motor skills indicate left-brain dominance? How do we improve them?
What should I do as a neuroscience Ph.D. student to make myself more competitive in the tech industry after graduating?
How well/fast can a human brain, intellect, mind, or consciousness adapt to change?
Are games good for your brain?
How can deep learning be useful for psychiatrists?
Is there a way to "disable" or lessen the influence of the limbic system in your brain?
Do alpha blockers suppress the production of norepinephrine because this hormone is produced on demand from its receptors which have been blocked?
How can I start research in neuroscience while doing my second year of an MBBS?
If I had a lobotomy so that my brain's thermostat was set to infinity, how long would I have to live until my body burst into flames?
Do we need four cell in our brain?
What happens to the membrane potential if its hyperpolarized for too long, any change in excitability, etc?
Why do neurons seem to "want" touch, e.g. as is seen in loss of sight where touch and audio will take over the visual cortex?
Why should we feed our brain if the brain doesn't perform miracles to change our lives in a better way?
Is it true that your brain makes you think that you are more attractive than you actually are?
What purpose do the lobes of the cerebral hemisphere serve?
Will a single sided conductively deaf person have slightly less memory?
What are the repercussions of a brain angioma?
What is on the mind of these restaurant business owners?
How can I improve my short term memory? What tricks are there?
Which part of the human head actually hurts in a headache? Is it the brain, the cranium or something else? Also, what is the cause of such a pain?
Why did my brain shut off when I spoke with a native British speaker online?
Is an itch physiological or neurological?
Are internet waves harmful for the brain?
In an A2A to doctors, what happens to the void that is created when a significantly large brain tumor, or an organ like a kidney, is removed from a person?
What should you do immediately after you've hit your head?
Memories have weight, but does creativity have weight?
Do the convolutions of the brain change as a result of the aging process, or do they remain constant throughout a human’s life?
What is a succinct description of the theory of Hierarchical Temporal Memory?
Is it normal for a brain to reduce everything to numbers?
Which snacks/drinks help to keep brain active (to concentrate on work) for longer time?
What kind of tissue are the brain cells or the neurons etc.?
How do sensory systems function?
How can a neurological disorder aggravate incontinence?
What are the plausible mechanisms of the Mozart Effect?
What is the involuntary nervous system, and what purpose does it serve?
What are the major sctructures of the brain?
How quick is dopamine produced after a meal?
Who perceives the perceiver? Is it an endless chain of perceivers perceiving, or must it begin? Do we have evidence a perceiver being perceived?
How can you channel your chemically imbalanced brain to think well without medication?
Could you say we (woman and men) created each other with our consciousness?
Could one's tendency to want children be explained by brain imaging techniques?
Can hyperventilating while running negatively affect the brain?
How can I calculate the percentage amounts of the alpha, beta, and gamma components in an EEG signal?
Is there any remedy for a damaged optic nerve?
Have other meta-humans entered a coma?
What is the best diet when developing extra sensory perception & telekinesis?
What is most important topic in the nervous system for the ICSE biology 2017?
How does the brain encode information in layman terms?
How can I stop thinking consciously during every subconscious condition like reading and memorisation?
What can I do to keep my memory sharp?
What is a neurotransmitter criteria?
What would happen to the brain if it experienced something it could not process?
Is there a neurological event or condition which could explain a sudden out-of-character unforeseen action such as the taking of one's own life?
What do you know about cognitive decline? How do you reduce or recover it?
What books can I read to improve my memory power, concentration, increasing intelligence, staying focussed and making your brain work more efficiently?
If a bomb disposal expert fails to defuse a powerful bomb, do they have the time to see/feel the explosion?
What is the function of an afferent axon fiber?
Where can I find a recent review article on LTP?
How does our brain treat an addiction and it's cure?
How can we build a strong brain?
Will a 20-year-old always solve a logical problem requiring fluid intelligence quicker than a 50-year-old, even if the 50-year-old is a scientist?
What function does the cerebrum serve?
What is it when you feel like you’re pushing your brain to your skull and you feel pressure?
How does learning by trying and failing change the brain?
Could chronic psychostimulant use (Ritalin/Vyvanse/Adderall) cause someone to permanently lose their ability to be happy? (Read Descriptions.)
Which Indian scientist developed the brain surgery steps?
Which part of the brain is the most interesting "port" for connection with a computer?
What is a nerve cell having only one dendrite and one axon called?
How does the brain know how to give the correct neurotransmitters to the correct neurons/signals?
How are neurons classified?
The dumpster cover fell on my head (the frontal lobe). It’s not hurting, but I feel something heavy there. Should I be worried?
Is there a large amount of white matter in the brain?
How does learning languages affect brain activity?
Do "pure" ADD and other ADD-like symptoms have the same biochemical manifestations in the brain?
What medical fields will allow me to get the closest to neurological diseases?
What is the best way to test for short term memory?
How are neuroscience undergrad studies & research at UChicago?
Can a brain computer interface convert your thoughts to text?
Should individuals be kept alive even when higher brain function is absent?
Is the process of recalling a name from memory destructive?
How do I get past my parents having me commited to a mental ayslum and destroying my brain function with zuclopenixol depot injection?
Is it possible to use debate as flirtation? Is brain sex a real phenomenon?
Where is emotion stored in the brain?
Can having more sex damage our bodies?
How can we stimulate cannabis receptors by meditation?
Isn't it true that humans are more unconscious than conscious?
How many songs can the human brain remember?
How much would it cost to edit The Matrix to restore the original plot where the machines were harvesting humans for the brain's processing power?
What do you use for opioid induced constipation?
What are the main causes of abnormal brain cells?
How do neurons communicate with hormones?
For how long must a person be unable to breathe or just hold their breath for cerebral hypoxia to take place?
Are babies who are born without most of their brain still conscious? If so, what's the explanation for this?
Why is peripheral neuritis usually associated with dilated veins?
What intensity can cause harm to the brain?
What are some explanations for the phenomenon known as 'deja vu'?
Is there anything that a human mind can do that a computer cannot?
What needs to be done to find a cure for depression?
Is it really true that the brain runs more efficiently after fasting or not consuming food for a period of time?
Do brain cells die after reoxygenation?
What would happen if I was exposed to nerve gas for 10 seconds?
What would happen if you learned and studied a secondary language for years and got Alzheimer's disease?
Is it possible to survive a gunshot to the brain?
Is the possibility of a humanoid’s brain being able to be uploaded to any device coming in the future?
How do I sent my electrical signal to your brain to hack your brain function?
Do you "relapse" and start from zero symptomatically after a caffeine megadose?
Is it possible to activate dream parts of the brain during the waking state? Can this happen artificially?
If you are brain-dead, why would they give you morphine if you can't feel?
Why hasn’t my brain been working for a week?
Why do some positive memories get suppressed?
Is it possible to develop a learning disability due to child abuse?
Which is the mastermind of our conscience: our logic, our emotions, or both? Does every part function according to its role?
Can you make yourself go brain dead?
What is the evidence base for nicotine's role in preventing dementia (independent of smoking)?
Is it true that using earphones leads to memory loss?
My question is: If we didn't have language how would you be able to think?
Are there any objectivist neuroscientists?
How can you describe the function of the nervous system?
Scientifically what happens in the brain when one is horrified?
My brain hurts from all the new information I've learned about life and the universe recently. How can I organize my thoughts properly?
Could sensory enhancement pills be made for soldiers?
What are the possible treatments for an old granuloma in the left high parietal lobe? I have already taken medicine from 2002 to 2009.
Do you think Kapil Mishra faked the incident of losing consciousness?
How fast can the human brain evolve?
Can serotonin/other chemicals in the brain be produced as pills (like melatonin)? How does the effect of a pill compare to the effect by brain production?
What is a biphasic action potential?
Are there currently any known materials or technologies that can block the radiation in space that is known to destroy the brain?
Would the human brain be able to store all of the information stored in Wikipedia and be accessed at need?
What part of the brain is the source of delusion?
What is the term for when we read a book, the characters look to us as people we have met?
Which is the best diet for our brain?
Is neurofeedback safe?
Does the potential of the neurilemma change when a nerve impulse travels through the axon?
To what extent a brain be healed after a stroke?
Could I enhance my overall intelligence or mathematical reasoning with a brain computer interface?
Does smoking marijuana leave permanent damage to your brain?
What happens in lesions of proximal part of optic nerve?
How do I treat this very loud mechanical sound in my head?
By practicing meditation, will my fluid intelligence or working memory improve?
Isn't there a live brain donation?
Do crocodile brains slow down when underwater?
How can the causes of memory loss in teenagers be studied?
Will sitting near to a computing server affects our brain?
Is there any US resident here who tried Optimind neurotropic? How effective is this?
Why do we feel immensely negative and recall only bad memories sometimes?
Is MI-brain activation a hoax?
How can I trick my brain into doing something productive?
What happens in the brain when you learn something new?
I believe coffee can have devastating effects on the brain and body for some people in the long run. Are there any recent studies that support this?
How does the brain create the feeling of addiction?
What is brain fade?
You clone yourself and it has your exact brain, memories, and skills. How do you tell them apart?
What would happen if a man had two hearts? How would his brain act?
Is our brain only a memory box that also remembers our body pain, or is it more than a memory box?
What’s the science behind ADHD?
If you can prove to someone that their worldview is fundamentally wrong, does that physically damage their brain?
What is a major difference between the effects of compassion based and attention based meditation on the human brain?
How does “the Mozart effect” affect the brain?
How do we remember things? Which neurons are responsible for this?
What is the treatment of brain hypoxia?
What chemicals are released in the brain when you’re about to die?
Is is true that walnuts have high concentrations of serotonin which lessens depression?
Could science create a human being with consciousness and dissent of emotions?
Is there a way to get a neural implant (or something of the sort) to enhance my intellectual capabilities?
How common is the brain-eating amoeba Balamuthia mandrillaris?
Should I attain a neuroscience degree?
Is it possible to get that magical feeling back that we once had when we were children?
How often our DNA is accessed for information (read/write) as compared with our brain?
Can adults maintain the levels of brain malleability found in children?
Has science outgrown the human mind and its limited capacities?
Does Groot have a brain?
What's the neural basis of pleasure? Why do certain neurotransmitters correlate to happiness?
What are the functions of the cell membrane in a neuron?
If I was somehow able to upload my consciousness to the computer, will I become as intelligent as the computer?
Which organ systems contain the brain stem?
What is the capacity of the brain in the unit of technological space (megabytes, terabytes, etc.)?
Why is the emergence of consciousness from matter seen as the hard problem when for example the existence of gravity is concidered a brute fact?
How did consciousness come into being?
What effect does a change in altitude have on receptor sites in the brain?
How strong would a magnetic field have to be to interfere with your thoughts?
What happens if you remove the forget gate from an LSTM?
What is the medulla oblongata's function and location?
What do we know about the massive neuronal loss humans have in their twenties?
How can I stay conscious?
What is the best field of research to enter to study the biological roots of cognitive processes?
What is the science behind not liking to exercise? (in the brain)
Where can I get the best treatment for a brain tumor?
Right away, after I wake up, why do I start singing and listening to music, every day?
What is brain hacking?
Will neuroscientists ever be able to read our minds?
How does the nervous system interact with the excretory system?
Is it proven that aluminum-based stuff & parabens (cookware, deodorant/antiperspirant) increase the risk of Alzheimer's, cancer, and other issues?
What is Weber's test to find the type of deafness? I am a bit confused about the three of them.
In the fight, flight, or freeze response, what is happening during the freeze? Is it common or a last resort during complex trauma?
Do people that get Alzheimer's disease or something similar forget the languages they've learned?
How can we feel our own brain?
Could neuroscience and technology enable access to human memory?
How does somatosensory association happen?
Does everyone have the same brain when they are born?
Is there a difference between excited and nervous?
When I am high and I get paranoid, what is actually happening in my brain?
Is consciousness a series of attentions?
If we are consciousness and consciousness is indivisible, then what is the logic of reincarnation?
How costly is the brain mapping for color blindness in India?
What are the best blogs on neuroscience in Nigeria?
Is the image we make with our eyes correct, without the loss of information? If no, how do our brains deal with that?
What are the characteristics of the somatic nervous system and the autonomic nervous system?
Are there any online courses about neuroscience (not neural networks of engineering) with programming assignments?
What is the function of the 5 different parts of the spine?
How can I have clarity of thought?
What is procedural and episodic memory?
Is a brain tumor made up of brain cells? If so, can you use it?
Is there anything more intriguing to us than the appearance of consciousness?
How can we make something reach and fit into our own subconscious mind as well as make the subconscious mind implement the same thought into the conscious mind?
What do you think of studying brain waves to decipher what a person is thinking?
What is love according to neuroscience? Is it a neurochemical imbalance?
Can you consciously control synaptic pruning?
What daily things can you do to train both sides of your brain?
What's the difference between hypervigilance and low latent inhibition?
I am paralyzed from the paradox of choice. What action plan strategies should I start taking to polarize my potential towards meaningful goals?
What are the recent advances in treatment and prevention of cluster headache attacks? Are MDs today more familiar with CH than 20 years ago?
Is the brain really the main think tank of the human body?
Should the rarity jumps in IQ suggest to me the level of increase isn't linear?
What things does the limbic system of the brain govern?
Why do specific parts of my head feel warmer when I'm focusing on something when the brain doesn't has nerve endings?
Why does the human brain have so many parallel pre-motor systems?
Is lactate or glucose a preferred source of fuel by neurons?
What kind of physiological effects result from extensive walking?
Does exercise alter the chemicals in the brain?
Will doing daily life activities with your left hand enhance the left side of your brain?
How can I choose a PhD topic in neuroscience if I'm interested in many things?
Which is the best hospital for neuroscience and spinal surgery in Tohana, Haryana?
What drugs can be used to keep someone unconscious for the longest amount of time without causing brain damage?
How do I use the other part of the brain?
Can I develop brain atrophy if my spouse has a low IQ?
Have you struggled with the battle between your heart and brain?
Why do I think of everything in gray color?
Is there a way to test the number of resources the brain can simultaneously draw comparisons from in order to find an answer?
How much variation in brain patterns do people with low MAOA allele/s have?
What causes memory loss in menopausal women?
Your brain is getting drained by a brain machine. How do you think?
How do you assist if you see someone having an epileptic attack?
What is the main role of dopamine in pain?
From age 0-5, the brain develops rapidly. There is a direct correlation between genius and expert tuition at this age, so why do we not harness this?
How far are we from curing jealousy?
Could it be possible one day to extract information/memory from a person’s brain when they are alive and also after a person dies?
Is there a part of the brain that controls or functions reality?
Where does one’s conscience come from, the brain, the soul, the heart or where?
What is a network of intersecting nerves in the peripheral nervous system?
Shouldn't we use most of our AI power and resources to accelerate the development of a high bandwidth brain-machine interface, instead of other applications?
What are the results caused by the stimulation of the reticular formation?
What scope does a PG in psychiatry have in relation to treating autism spectrum disorders in India?
Will we ever be able to insert devices in our brain that give us information, such as all known historical information, so we don't have to learn anything?
Why can't we convert the digital frames of a video into analog signals in order to send them to the human brain to allow blind people to see?
Does often deleting something from the memory tamper the memory?
Why do we consider the mind and the brain to be different?
What causes short-term memory loss in young adults?
Do cholinergic drugs like racetams, Huperzine, nicotine, and galantamine desensitize acetylcholine receptors by increasing ACH?
Is it true that 17% of people have brains associated with the opposite gender?
How does the nervous system interact with the digestive system?
What can be found out by examining just a brain?
What are the most interesting academic articles you have read on pineal gland?
What are the best tips for remembering anything?
How do drugs fool our brain (how do drugs work)?
What is the storage capacity of the human brain?
Could a person be so psychologically traumatised that they go into a coma?
Which are the nerves which supply the heart?
When does the brain begin perceiving time?
If a living brain is sliced in half, could there be two consciousnesses at once?
Do the frequency waves of brains really work?
Why does the opening of chloride channels have an inhibitory effect on neurons?
Could the brain live on as "normal"/survive a puncture wound, if the hippocampus was damaged?
What is an inhibition?
Why do you like neuroscience?
How do games affect the brain? What are the pros and cons?
How do you recognize your friends or family members just by hearing their walk?
How do I make sure my brain is at optimum performance the day I need it to be?
What is the limit of humans’ thinking capability?
Is it a fact that the Internet makes your brain lazy?
Could growth hormone treatment induce neurogenesis in the neocortex?
What does the limbic system control?
Are there any people who are inherently less prone to logical fallacies and cognitive biases?
Why does the brain cause certain thoughts to move right past us, but certain thoughts to stick, resulting in overthinking?
What are some examples of an iconic sensory memory?
On average how many frames can a human consciously keep in mind at a given time?
What is a neural encroachment?
Can subconscious reprogramming happen for real?
In Huntington's chorea, GABAergic neuron loss causes increased dopaminergic activity. Can we use this principle in parkinsonism to improve dopamine levels?
What is an undersupply of serotonin most closely associated to?
Is memory in the human brain matter or a form of energy?
How do I design an attractive poster for mid-brain activation for summer vacations?
Is complete recovery possible after a brain stroke?
Is there something as over-consciousness? Or is consciousness the opposite of sub-consciousness?
How do physiological illusions trick our brains?
What could be done to make a memory sharpened always?
If the human brain has a "hate circuit," what would happen if someone surgically killed someone else's hate circuit?
Will I suffer brain damage if I watch too much reality television?
If everything around the world is perceived in brain, how can we be certain about the reality?
What are your thoughts on the Wait But Why write-up on Neuralink and the future of brain-machine interfaces?
Why do neurons have the ability to become excited?
Which school would be a better choice for a dual major in psych & bio, the University of Rochester or Wesleyan? Which would be better for neuroscience?
What would happen if a person consumed alcohol for an entire week?
What are the courses available for bio-psychology at the graduation level?
Is there a treatment for abnormal activity in the right temporal lobe, resulting in cognitive problems but no seizures?
What are the three types of hormonal stimuli?
Would we still be conscious if our neural activity ran at 1/1000 the normal speed?
Do you agree with the opinion that AI is only a mathematical simulation of the human brain (the idea is from the book On Intelligence)?
As someone in my 20s, should I focus on building as many neural pathways as possible and reading as much as I can for the sake of a better brain?
What are the processes that go through our brains when we write vs when we type?
I've read that the brains of narcissists are different. Is this a birth trait or something that happens over time?
What will you listen to, your heart or brain, when you don't know what should be done?
What is the power consumption of human brain (in Watt)? How do you compare it with a super computer?
What is the point of ''looking for answers'' since answers are only provided by our own subjective input (how each brain is uniquely wired)?
What are the features of short term memory?
What distinguishes porn addiction from gambling addiction?
Is it possible to recover dopamine when it’s now causing tremors, or have the receptors been destroyed?
Does the human brain give more weight to most recent observations during its learning process?
Have you ever had shared deja vu with somebody at the exact same time?
Can stimulating the right hemisphere of the brain cause better brain function?
Do neurons code memories with population code or with spiking code and how does it work?
What is the safest substance that causes short term amnesia?
If people were able to bend elements, how would neuroscience change?
What parts of the brain are responsible for who we are attracted to romantically?
Why would I have a brain tumor at 27 years old?
How are memories stored as electric impulses?
What would happen if you put a pig brain in a human and he lived?
How does the brain of an animal react to the scent of a different animal?
Why do some believe that playing chess will only improve chess skills, when the skills themselves require the skills that are used on an IQ test?
What is sensory image used for?
What would cause a 2 month old's brain to start shrinking and have seizures?
How is the brain affected by clutter?
Do algorithms have qualia?
If light is what makes imagery in our brain, then how do dreams work when you've never seen that person in your dream? It's not a memory.
Can we install a computer processor in the human brain to access more intelligence?
What is the difference between gap junction and synapse?
Can one see brain changes externally, i.e., through the skull shape?
What is the relationship between anger and brain activity?
What happens in your brain when you taste new food?
How exactly do our brains recognize faces?
How does homeopathy work for neurological disorders like down syndrome?
Does the nervous system of a professional dancer become more reactive to effects of manual therapy due to his training status?
What is the function of the spinal cord in the nervous system?
The brain has no pain receptors. Does that mean mental illness is an alternative way to signal to the brain that there is something faulty, or wrong?
What is cerebrospinal fluid, and where is it located?
Is Fur Elise good for the brain? I have read that it's not.
Do gingers really feel more pain?
Why do people sometimes see angels when they die?
Should I study neuroscience or astrophysics?
Is it possible to consciously access all the information held within our own DNA?
Which are the best and affordable toys that work on brain power/mind power?
How can I get knowledge on my brain?
Why is caffeine a stimulant, if it doesn't actually add energy? It just suppresses the creation of a chemical in the brain that causes sleepiness.
What happens to the brain when we try to memorise something uninteresting?
What can you do with a BA or BS in neuroscience?
What are the main symptoms of sympathetic nervous system?
How do we know that we are using only 10% of our human brain power and not using the other 90%?
Is it possible to transfer information from the internet to the brain?
Does the superior cervical ganglion send messages to the cortex, or the cortico-thalamic network?
Do niacin and vitamin B6 help GABA cross the blood-brain barrier?
If a vasodilator affects arteries, will it also affect the venous sinus in the brain? If no, then how can you dilate it or stimulate the flow of CSF?
How can I create a mind palace in my brain?
Is Huperzine A safe to consume for memory boosts in the long term?
What is the scariest account of Deja Vu ever recorded?
Can you recommend a treatment for the cerebral cortex areas (in any country)?
Is it true that Clonazepam causes irreversible memory loss?
What is the best way to get protein extracted from the brain?
What is the mechanism of sixth sense according to the neuron sensory?
Why does an empty state of mind occur?
How long does it take to wake up from a coma and leave the hospital?
What are the main functions of giant multipolar neurons?
Can you make your brain forget a trauma?
How many persons become brain dead yearly in India?
What chemical changes occur in the brain during physical intimacy to promote bonding?
Does deja vu mean I am on the right path?
Is there any real evidence that marijuana kills brain cells?
What can I do to study brain chemistry online?
What is the subconscious mind and how can I train it?
Is the brain the only organ that preserves our consciousness?
When I was 16, I had alcohol poisoning. How may this have effected my brain?
If you uploaded your brain, would that still be you?
Do most people that have strokes lose the languages they've learned?
How does population coding work in neurons?
How do the endocrine system and nervous system work together?
When were benign brain tumors discovered?
How can the book "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance" be useful for artificial intelligence engineers?
Can I have my amygdala removed?
How does the motor cortex and language relate?
Is it going to be possible to temporarily transfer human consciousness as a file into a video game while your body is still functioning and alive?
Can your eyes capture FPS?
Are there any mood enhancers (other than SSRIs) that don't affect memory?
What is consciousness in philosophy?
What would happen if I cut a small part of my brain?
Is a brain dead person actually dead?
What does being 27% neurotypical entail for an individual?
What are the steps involved in creating a thought?
What are other way to visualize and have an internal dialogue, other than by verbal, visual and kinetic means?
Can only half of a brain be autistic?
What is the autonomic nervous system?
What is going on inside my head?
Is information non-physical?
Will it be possible for an action potential to be triggered in a dead axon?
What would be the long term affects on the brain and specifically on neurotransmitters when using methcathinone on a long term basis?
What is the function of the trigeminal nerve?
Can drinking Listerine damage your brain?
Can hitting your head make you lose abilities?
If a man had no cannabinoid receptor sites in his brain how would that affect his moods?
What is the consciousness of a drug experience?
What can my brain do that animals’ brains can’t do?
Why can people not remember their memories as an infant?
Do you think our obsession with numbers, computers and measuring things is changing our brains and minds?
Is there a correlation between a spiky spectral power distribution and a brain disorder?
Are there still remnants of a fish brain within the brain of homo sapiens?
How do I fake-convince my brain that I have slept well?
What medical job would be a good start for a student pursuing neuroscience?
Is the left brain and right brain concept a myth, or is it true?
How can I make my brain able to store information directly into the short-term memory instead of the working memory?
How does anoxia affect our brains?
Are insect brains the same as animal brains?
Why is it that in sections of the brain you typically don't see blood vessels?
Can we run or act stressed if we do not own a sympathetic nervous system?
Does watching reality television cause brain damage?
What is the difference between brain dead and coma?
Can LSD cause long-term damage to your short-term memory?
What if all synapses in your brain would be as strong as they can be?
How do areas in the brain signal for glucose and oxygen deficiency?
How have researchers used our understanding of the brain to develop (the field of) artificial intelligence?
Which is a better school for premed/neuroscience, Bowdoin or Emory?
Can an emp strike directly affect a human such as frying their brain or does it only harm electronics?
What are examples of sensory motor stimulation?
How can I recharge my brain at work?
If a blind person does not have proper sensory supply in his legs, can he walk normally?
Have you ever thought that the brain is the real you and the body is a carrier for it?
How do prospective and retrospective memory differ?
What are some affordable but quality colleges that offer an undergrad major in neuroscience?
How do I prove that consciousness is not a product of the brain, but rather a separate entity that influences the body and mind, as well as the soul?
What do you think the brain is capable of at full 100% usage entirely in a single moment?
How does increased brain activity lead to telekinesis?
Is there any connection between celibacy and concentration power of brain?
What will be the user experience for neurotechnology?
Can we can use 100% of the abilities of the human mind?
Is there a fullproof evidence of mind or subconscious mind?
What is the difference between human brain and super computers?
Which is the basis of psychoanalysis?
When people think, do they think in a language? Or do they think in another form that is later translated into a language?
How do I change my brains default mode from unfocused to focused?
Will we be able to use brain-computer interface devices to directly control our state of mind?
How would the human brain process memories if you were immortal?
If performing a lumbar puncture is contradicted in the presence of high ICP, why do some books say that it can be used to measure ICP?
Can hypothyroidism decrease intelligence? Is it temporary?
Do antidepressants downregulate serotonin receptors?
If you were to move someone's brain to another body, would it be a brain transplant or a body transplant?
Could our brain be artificially replicated?
What is an itch? Why do we get itches? And what happens when we scratch it?
Can porn really mess up your brain?
Is masturbation bad for my brain, memory and studies? I am 17.
What are the best ways to support your brain activity?
Can someone in a vegetative state feel something?
Does refraining from exercise increase dopamine receptor density within the brain?
Does our brain really store information or only process it?
What are the best scientific ways to stop neurological decline?
Does taking daily nature walks cut your Alzheimer's risk by half?
Are you more concerned about your appearance or your mind and character?
What would happen to me if I had access to 100% of my brain?
Is it true that some students have more memory power, or brain power or grasping power, while some others do not?
What would your first few thoughts be if you woke up to find your memories completely erased?
Does memorization improve our memories?
At what age is déjà vu most common?
Which part of your brain controls the growth of your penis?
Why is the idea of permanently hijacking the brain considered brilliant whilst psychedelics with natural compounds (such as DMT) are prohibited?
Are there multiple doors in our brain?
How should I study to become a neuroscientist?
Has brain scanning hindered psychological research?
Is it possible to stimulate a cerebellum of the brain with electricity to enhance the duration it takes to become a professional at motor skill based TAS?
I worry that my brain is not right for programming, could I be right?
What are the roles of scaffold proteins in synapse?
What is your personal opinion of why humans have consciousness?
What happens to "concepts" and possible "neural connections" in a partial brain injury?
How do I make my primitive brain feel safe?
Can people live without the occipital lobe?
What does it mean when white matter is showing in the metabolic area of the brain on a PET scan?
Whats does “blood brain barrier” mean?
How does electrical stimulation help nerve regeneration?
Does something emit from our brain when we think something?
How the dopamine effect in our thinking way?
Can anxiety permanently wipe out memories that are being recalled while having anxiety?
How can one improve memory and recall for daily events and meetings for comprehensive and quick recall?
How are brain cells made?
What are some good exercises to keep your brain healthy?
Is there any treatment for right temporal lobe dysfunction that isn't causing seizures?
In this cognitive age, where the world is moving towards connected apps (speech enabled) and ML orientation, how do you see Wikipedia adopting to digital or cognitive disruption?
How are the different types of nerve cells structured?
How do fractal animations influence the brain?
Is a patient in a coma who never comes back to normal life regarded as living?
How large is the brain of an echidna and how intelligent are they?
What part of the brain works with reactions? If someone had a concussion, how can part of the brain hinder the rate of reaction?
Can you recover from a head trauma and coma with full brain functionality?
How are memories stored and recalled biologically?
How can I get peace of mind when my brain is unnecessarily running or thinking all of the time?
Can a ReLU layer be analogized with the action potential in a neuron?
Would you rather lose all of the memories you already have or never be able to make new memories?
Does a genius need to train his cognitive abilities (to some extent) in order for them to be high-level, or is real brilliance naturally automatic?
How many hours a day can a human's brain work most effectively?
What happens in our brain when we consider something as ours?
Does the brain lose its effectiveness after long hours of learning?
Are EPSP and IPSP graded potential?
Why does LF reflect sympathetic nerve while sympathetic nerve makes heart beat faster?
Due to the "pruning" which occurs in the sociopathic mind, do their fMRI images differ from a neurotypical image?
What concepts from chemical engineering are applicable in neuroscience?
If everything encompassing us is primitive, innate and predetermined, why give us autonomous consciousness? Isn't it going to cause discrepancies?
Could alzheimer', dementia, senility or other such mental diseases of the elderly make a transgendered person later in life forget they transitioned?
What function does the radial nerve serve?
Do most of the people that have had strokes lose the ability to learn and memorize things forever?
What are the best activities to enhance one's fluid intelligence?
What were some of the first signs of physical decline as you aged?
How does microdosing LSD or psilocybin affect the brain?
Why are modern conservatives brain dead?
What are the facts that corrupts our mind? And What alternatives can be taken to over come?
I need to restore my seriously damaged nervous system, but I don't know the exact method. How can the nervous system be cured?
What can treat my sister's chronic daily headaches? She has visited 17 different doctors, none of who have been able to offer a resolution.
Does the Lumosity brain training really work - enhancing memory, thinking and focus?
How, in your opinion, does consciousness manifest?
Why do I have a lot of problems in my brain?
What is the evolutionary origin of the default mode network?
How can the sympathetic nervous system cause vasoconstriction?
What characteristics of the mammalian brain make it different from other vertebrates?
What is the architecture of microtubules in axon? Can microtubules spans the whole axon?
What neurological/chemical or brain wave events (if any) correspond to alternate readings of a passage, say toggling between literal and metaphoric?
Is there a way to map the brain cells to the last details to create a virtual functional version as backup?
Is it possible to increase the grey matter of the brain via stem cells?
Which part of the brain is related to our reflexes?
How do I know if I have permanent brain damage?
Would long-term concentrated doses of CBD affect cognition in any negative way?
What is sensory motor disorder?
What is the function of the neural foramina?
Are brains programmed or do they program themselves?
What is consciousness of the soul? If consciousness is really there, can it be aware of itself as well?
What are the five sensory nerve receptors found in the skin?
What are some little known facts of the nervous system?
Will a time come when we are able to become completely mechanical and house our brains in the machine?
How long does it take to grow new functioning receptor sites after irreversible antagonists are used?
How does antidepressants like trazodone (serotonin receptor antagonists) work?
How long can I ice my hand before I risk damaging the nerves?
Images of neurons show ~5-20 synapses, but descriptions say each neuron has ~10,000 or more. Which is correct?
How can the speed of neural impulses be measured?
Could fasting for a short period of time improve our health and brain functions?
How far are we from a bionic/prosthetic hand capable of playing the piano?
What are all of the problems that I have in my brain?
Should I base my relationship off neuroscience research?
How do I talk to my brain? (Is Fallout's Old World Blues possible?)
If humans are intelligent, shouldn't our entire bodies be intelligent, with finger intelligence passed to arms then brains?
Is a thought material?
Would transferring human consciousness into an organic body break the laws of science?
Why do we need bilateral processing of olfaction?
Do serotonin levels drop with age?
How is direct DM neurology in NIMHANS?
What chemical events or molecular products are produced in the brain by psychological trauma in women but not in men?
When can I get a brain implant upgrade?
What are the best uses of neuroscience on marketing?
Why does my mouth water so much at the sight of a tuna fish, more than with any other food?
What are the main parts of the central nervous system (CNS)?
What is the importance of the brain?
What is the effect of shabu on the brain?
What function does the peripheral nervous system serve?
What are the functions of axons and dendrites?
Do taste buds have direct neural connections to the brain like sensory nerves or do they use "general" pathways back to the brain?
How can I devolop my brain?
Is left brained/right brained concept just a myth?
How do we depict language, and ultimately words themselves?
What is a postganglionic neuron?
How true is the fact that our mind retains and perceives information much better in the morning?
What brain functions are often underdeveloped in children that could have been helped with certain educational toys?
How would someone's life be if he had 0 to too little dopamine in his system?
Neurologically, how different is a happy brain from a sad brain?
If the hippocampus were injured and neurogenesis did happen, how long would it take to recover from an injury to the hippocampus?
How is Douglas Hofstader’s theory of consciousness perceived now?
What is the neurological explanation for Kundalini?
Is the possibility of a mental or neural (mind to mind) internet really only science fiction? Is it achievable?
When using a neural structure that has been unreferenced for a while, is there an automatic or systemized endorphin release?
What changes occur in brain while learning? What changes are observed when the subjects are presented with new things?
Do benign brain tumors start shrinking after operating with Gamma Knife?
How could the idea that we might some day be able to transfer (not just copy) consciousness from a brain into a computer be scientifically justified?
What is the action of glucocorticoids in situ?
How is a human body and brain linked and programmed in robotics?
How do toxins affect the brain?
Is consciousness in the brain, or is it a universal field?
What are the best books to start learning about neuroscience?
What is the main function of the olfactory tract?
What are the main symptoms of microangiopathy in the brain?
Are our brains designed to judge or rate things in crisis?
What can happen if I get cerebrospinal fluid on my hands?
Does certain medicine affect the ability to love a person?
How are narcissists’ brains different from those of normal people?
What is extra sensory perception, and how does one achieve it?
Should I let the fear of having a stroke prevent me from learning Spanish?
What would happen if a certain region of the brain's activity increased?
What part of the brain does one need to recall memories?
Is it possible to make the human brain perceive a colour beyond the visible range by artificially stimulating the optic nerves?
Does a long-term blocked nose damage the brain?
What if, one day, someone cracked the exact algorithm our brain uses? Do we call ourselves do while loop machines?
Is there any way to unblock dopamine receptors?
If I replace my skull with titanium will my brain become indestructable?
Could someone refute brain in a vat?
Split brain patients seem to have two consciousnesses. Is it possible there are "hidden" consciousnesses (suppressed) in normal human brains?
What could be the reason that I feel very good after the day of drinking?
A lack of fear is attributed to the amygdala structure. Are there any stimuli that elicit a sympathetic nervous system flight response in psychopaths?
What function do organelles serve in a brain cell?
What causes a brain worm? How can we cure it?
Why are animals with high brain capacities born with little instincts/knowledge?
Is our biological constitution limiting our consciousness and understanding of the universe?
Can a person be conscious with bleeding in the brain?
Does malnutrition cause brain aneurysms?
If you coiled a neuron with a metre-long axon around a needletip, would it still be invisible to the naked eye?
Are we merely our brains as humans?
Why does listening to binaural beats cause an auditory oscillation effect immediately after one takes off their headphones?
How do I go from mathematics to medicine?
Is it possible to digitize consciousness?
What is a good book on Computational neuroscience for the layperson?
Does depression impair working memory?
How good is the psychology and neuroscience program at Wesleyan?
Why can't medical science enhance human abilities?
How can our thoughts be about consciousness if consciousness doesn't have any causal effect on brain activity?
How do you treat a neural encroachment?
Why are squid model organisms used for neurological studies?
What lies just below thought, in terms of abstraction?
Can banging my head against a wall cause brain damage even if I didn't have a headache afterwards?
Can anxiety show up as a seizure activity in EEG?
What happens in our nervous system when we have a headache?
What will happen if a man uses 30 percent of his brain?
How does literacy affect the architecture of the brain?
Does eating artificial sugars (calorie free) make the brain release dopamine?
How does the brain know where a pain signal is coming from?
What are some effective brain training games on quiz up?
What does a converted left-handed person’s brain structure look like?
What's the neurochemistry of what organs are more active making specific neurotransmitters when a person is surprised, happy & cries at the same time?
How do you donate your brain for schizophrenic research and to whom?
Is Autism a neurological disorder and if so how to determine for its remedial measures?
Which part of the brain is memory located?
What's going on in my brain when I understand a language, but can't speak it?
Which of the following projects would hold the most future benefit- 'the page rank behind Google,' 'complex brain networks,' or 'neural field models'?
Can a receptor sit on another receptor?
Why don’t our brains notice the the second “the”?
Where do we need inhibitory neurotransmitters?
Can most people that have strokes remember languages they knew before suffering them, and could they relearn them?
Is it possible that we are organic computers and our consciousness is just a myth?
How does the brain deal with memory?
How do I reduce the pressure of my brain?
If some physical sensation happening at the time of dreaming, is it possible that the brain could alter the dream to indicate the problem?
What is the autonomic nervous system in psychology?
Who is the best doctor of epilepsy at NIMHANS?
What makes synthetic cannabinoids (marketed as "Spice, K2, 7H" etc.) so much more harmful than naturally ingested THC/CBD?
Is doing neuroscience an option after a BA in psychology?
How does the brain convert chemical energy to concious thought?
What is it like to major in neuroscience psychology?
Can multiple personality disorder be taken under control and used as a sort of multicore brain?
What is the difference between PNL and neuroscience?
Is it true that marijuana destroys brain cells or is this a lie?
Does trying to remember something specific make it harder to recall?
What is the function of the brainstem in the brain?
Can the brain interpret cellular phone signals? Why do I think of somebody right before they are calling me?
Can the brain be transplanted to cure mental illness?
What superpowers would we possess if we had nanobots in our bodies and brains?
Why does my brain speak with me?
Can cannabidiol protect the brain from the effects of chronic cannabis abuse, post-use?
What is a neuron resting state?
Can the brain get areas of tension like a muscle knot? (Scientifically proven?) If so, are there established techniques to relax that tension?
Who are some mental health professionals with a strong background in nutrition?
What is the connection between dopamine and addiction?
How quickly do we run out of brain neurons?
Why am I experiencing brain zaps?
What is a conscious relationship?
How do I lower my refractory period?
What would happen if a human was artificially gestated until a later stage of brain development?
What is an imperative part of the brain-computer interface to make it effective?
If a person loses his memory, will he have the same or different nature than what he had?
What kind of chemicals in your brain set off telepathy and remote viewing?
Would it be more beneficial to become a doctor or a neuroscientist, or both?
What are the neurological differences between hominids and other types of mammals?
Which part of the brain is responsible for the body and brain’s growth in proportion to their age?
Which system is called a second brain?
Does Vanderbilt have a good neuroscience program?
Does a person shot in the head feel pain?
How much time does it take for testosterone to reach our brain?
What are some diseases that deteriorate the brain?
What are the components of a neuron?
What happens to your consciousness?
Once the human brain has been reverse engineered, can a human be created in a laboratory?
The value of vinpocetine is widely acclaimed as being very healthy for the brain. Do you use this?
How can you improve your visual cortex?
What is sensory knowledge?
What's the relation between alcohol abuse and brain/aortic aneurysms?
How can I help my father cope with his aphasia following his brain surgery?
Are our thoughts and emotions the interpretations of our brain for the signals running through the neurons?
Has long term depression permanently altered your cognitive abilities?
Is there a condition that causes the brain to associate people with numbers?
How would life be different if we had a hole at the back of our eye to see into our brain?
How long does zuclopenthixol block brain receptors? Do the receptors gradually unblock themselves, and if so, how?
Why can't we understand brain function the way we understand computer A.I.?
Is it possible for a medical procedure to increase the size of a myelin sheath of a neuron?
What are the main causes of chemical imbalances in the brain?
What are the separate functions of the 3 parts of the brain stem?
Can the brain think and worry itself to exhaustion?
Why does Prozac kill the libido if it's increasing dopamine levels in the brain?
Why can't I increase my intelligence?
Like a cell doesn't know that it is part of a larger organism, would it be possible that each human is a part of a larger consciousness without realizing it?
Is it possible to live forever by replacing body parts with mechanical organs, how long can our brain live?
What are some facts of kids' nervous systems?
Is there any relation between dopamine and anxiety?
How does one’s background affect their ability to make decisions?
What are some theories that make your brain hurt?
Does each nerve ending have its own neural pathway back to the brain to transmit its initial location where it was touched, burned, etc.?
Why do our brains fail us at the most crucial times, like in an interview?
What do the cardiovascular centers in the medulla oblongata control?
Is it impossible for guys with Asperger's to improve social skills since the brain is wired different than for normal people?
Has someone already invented a technological body with a human brain?
According to Islamic theology, precisely how does non-conscious sensory stimuli become a conscious experience, and exactly how do the two connect?
Could we transport our consciousness into robots?
Why do animals need to have their brains in their heads?
What are the vibrations caused in brain when I use self affirmation?
Why is it that bassists usually cannot use their vocal chords (sing) barring choruses? Is this related to cognitive ability or concentration?
What is the centrum semiovale and corona radiata?
What neurons in the brain start thoughts, and how do they start?
What does an interval increase in the size of the left temporal mass mean?
What is the role of serotonin in schizophrenia?
Can hallucinations read your mind? I mention tactile hallucinations a few times and it started happening to me. It's almost like the devil made this.
If you suddenly lost all ability to form emotions, could you still fall in love?
How can I create new synapses in my brain?
Do neurons by themselves, take decisions?
Does hyperbaric oxygen therapy help with brain injuries?
Do brain hemorrhages feel like water draining out of your ear but inside your skull?
How do you know when you have both ADHD and brains (smart)?
What are the natural ways to increase dopamine levels?
How can you tell if people like you for your looks or your brains?
What is the scientific factor that contributes to raise consciousness?
What are the risks of having an underdeveloped frontal lobe?
Why is ethanol a central nervous system depressant?
Can we send any digital, analog or neuron spiking signal to brain?
How are you born with epilepsy?
What are the advantages of an electric prostate stimulation?
How much information can the brain hold before you lose your train of thought?
What techniques are used to map neuronal firing patterns onto functional outputs?
What does emotional intelligence consist of?
Does the brain live to be awake or to sleep?
What does the neocortex control?
What are some evidences to show that boxing is a good thing for our brain?
Why is the abdominal reflex lost bilaterally below the level of the lesion in Brown-Sequard syndrome?
If our brain behaves like a muscle, can it expand like muscles?
Does surgery decrease your cognitive abilities?
Is it possible to control our brain to stop our heartbeat?
Has evolution taken place in the human brain, up till today?
What​ is the speed of neural signals in brain?
What percentage of a person’s axons are found in the brain or spinal cord vs. the periphery?
Are we living in a computer simulation?
Do eyes have pleasure?
Is a conscious individual with multiple iterations a paradox?
Would someone with anterograde amnesia ever get bored by listening to the same song over and over again?
What is the hard drive capacity of the human brain?
Why does taking a pause from a problem helps in getting to your end goal of understanding? Do cognitive scientists know why?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
Can nerve damage cause someone to be totally mute from birth?
Has there been any research studies on the effects of multiple synchronized stimuli, on human cognition, perception and memory retention?
How do I shut off my brain's autocorrect?
When will we know the role of every neuron in the brain?
Can dopamine agonists repair the effects of alcohol on the brain?
Does sniffing gas cause permanent brain damage?
What is the neurophysiology of anxiety disorder?
What are the cerebral benefits of a right handed man, writing with the left hand?
What is it like to amyopathic dermatomyositis with nerve tingling?
If all cognitive and emotive processes are in the brain, what causes the emotional pain to be felt in the chest/heart?
Is it possible to have "memories" of events from the future?
How much information about human mind? How it work? Science can explain it fully?
What is the significance of motor cortex in psychology?
What are some tips to maintain energy for heavy studying for a month?
What creates consciousness? What is the fundamental difference between me and an artificially created 1/1 atomic copy of me?
Have they discovered any processes in the brain that require quantum interactions?
Does any institution in India offers masters/phd in Brain Computer Interface(BCI)?
How is the central nervous system affected by inhalants?
Why isn’t the human brain naturally mindful?
What are some alternate therapies available for rehabilitating hemorrhagic stroke patients?
Would a pituitary adenoma show up on an fMRI?
What is the hardest operation for a brain surgeon? Why?
Do people with eidetic memories remember the varying shades of meaning that they've attributed to certain memories, or just the memories themselves?
Are 3-5 page articles substantial for stimulating the brain, or are books required to fully exercise the brain from reading?
How much dopamine should you take?
Will benign intracranial hypertension show on an MRI?
Why can't we forget someone, even if we only have vague memories of them?
What kind of damage would a literally unbreakable object cause?
Scientifically, what is the earliest memory a human being is capable of remembering?
What causes a bump on the occipital lobe?
How do I activate kids’ full brain?
What does central nervous system fatigue means?
What does it mean to have a larger area in outer layer of frontal lobe?
What's a good starter job for a high school student pursuing a career in neuroscience?
What things transmit electrical impulses?
How can you describe the function of the nervous system in animals?
How can I improve my memory? I'm 29 years of age. I work in finance & I have a bad memory. I was advised by my Supervisor that I'm a scatter brain.
Is there any ongoing attempt at creating humans with larger brains?
Which neurotransmitters and neuron clusters does cannabis work on, and which natural lifecycle activity does it simulate?
Is it possible to have a brain MRI done a couple of months ago and for a cyst or tumor to appear suddenly within a month after the initial scan?
Can getting a little electric shock help boost our brain capacity for learning math?
What does the accelerator nerve do?
What are the best hospitals for deep brain stimulation for epilepsy in Thailand?
Can untreated hypothyroidism lead to permanent brain damage/dementia?
Should people with epilepsy drive a vehicle?
What is the best way for a CS undergrad to get involved in neuroscience-based companies? Do I have to get a PhD, or are there alternatives?
What are the best things you have learned in neurosciences?
Is it true that there are two types of people, one whose mind is logical and another whose mind is creative?
What does cerebrospinal fluid taste like?
How can you describe the function of a neuron cell?
How big do brain tumors have to be to start causing symptoms?
If it's impossible to control the thoughts, what is consciousness?
Could someone please give me an insight into pursuing a PhD and research in neuroscience at the Indian Institute of Science?
Is there any proof that taking panax ginseng is good for you in any way at all?
What can I do to improve my short-term memory and enhance my ability to retain information?
Why is it that the brain knows a fact but it takes the heart a really long time to understand it?
What are the latest developments with current research on decapitated animal head revival?
What is a perceptual barrier?
Can the brain have the same function when transplanted to another body?
What is a memory that you have always remembered throughout your entire life?
How do genes control neurons?
What is an abstract stimuli?
What are the main causes for the hardening of the arteries in the brain?
Are there any drugs that only affect the neurochemistry of specific parts of the body? If so, what mechanisms allow for this type of specificity?
If someone is interested in both machine learning and neuroscience is there a way to combine these two types of subjects in a PhD project?
What advice would you give to someone studying neuroscience?
Why do memories randomly appear?
The doctor took a CAT scan of my brain and said that it looks normal. Does this mean that I don't suffer from depression?
Is the brain used in socializing, because we do most of it with our tongue (just wondering)?
Why is spike sorting in neuroscience so difficult?
Is every hit to the head a concussion? How hard must a blow be to generate brain damage? And is that damage ever repaired?
What is this involuntary muscle movement called (link to video)?
What are the most exciting parts of neuroscience research?
How do I operate at a higher level of awareness or consciousness in the conduct of my daily life?
What is Ace Spectrum? I've read the term twice in Quora this week in reference to neurology or sexuality, but Google only references music.
Is brain size the same as brain volume?
What is the purpose of the ADC brain imaging test?
What happens in our brains when playing virtual reality games, example PSVR?
Why am I super ticklish?
What are examples of disorders that affect the nervous system?
What does memory look like in our brains?
How does aggression affect the human brain?
Do plants have nervous system?
What are some interesting ideas that I could give a short simple presentation on relating electrodynamics and the human brain?
How can I block certain brain regions?
How can we train our brain?
Does texting improve our hand-eye coordination, or does it affect our brain negatively?
Where does the human consciousness go when you are in a dream state?
Do we know enough about the brain to build interfaces?
What is some ongoing research (or research ideas) in pediatric cancer and brain/spine tumors, especially regarding neuroblastoma and non-coding RNA?
How do traumatic memories hide in the brain?
What type of hydrate formation in brain tissue is responsible for the anesthetic effect of substances such as chloroform?
Would injecting BDNF directly into (or onto) a brain area increase neurogenesis?
How are microchip brain implants, v2k and mind-reading technology connected to each other?
Could you organically recreate a brain?
Is consciousness an extension of the subconscious?
Will a stroke cause you to forget everything?
Why can't the brain adjust to produce clear images for a nearsighted or farsighted person?
What is the role of neurotransmitters, and how do naturally occurring molecules interfere with their activity?
Do infants have fewer neural pathways than adults?
What is the best book to learn what drugs do with our brain?
How can psychology and the human brain be related and studied? How does science relate human emotions with brain studies?
What are some good treatments to prevent abnormal brain cells?
How can you train your brain to learn things quickly?
Will my full immersion VR idea work?
Is there a part of my brain that, when I remove it, I won't feel depressed again?
In the future, could you simulate entire universes of your offspring that have conscious beings that are your children?
How do we feel pain through nerve fibers?
Can someone scientifically explain the "uncomfortable" emotions behind habit change? Why is my brain not cooperating with a "yaay"?
What are the effects on IQ and brain on a person brought up with fear?
What type of training can improve the brain after frontal lobe damage in a child?
What is the “grey matter” of the brain?
How does the brain think of more than one thing at a time?
Do scientists lose thinking capacity with age?
Is studying about the brain too difficult?
Are CT scans of the brain for the first time dangerous?
If your brain storage was full, what would be the first thing you’d delete?
How long does sciatic nerve pain last?
Is Brain Mapping Olympiad best?
What do you think is the possible reason for deja vu?
When people say a drug "increases" the level of a neurotransmitter, do they actually mean it agonizes/inhibits reuptake?
We are only aware of a portion of the thoughts in our brain. How was this proved? What is the evolutionary reason for the selective awareness?
How the brain differentiates between conscious and emotions while taking decision? Is there a role of memories for analysis of the problem?
What is the way to activate the rectilinear brain?
How long can hyperactive delirium last? Does it ever result in a long-term loss of cognition?
What are some everyday life situations/examples where memory cueing takes place?
Can a B.Sc horticulture student join NCBS or TIFR for a PhD in neuroscience?
If all sense of feeling is in the brain, then are the perceptions of feelings in the human body merely a projected hallucinations of the brain?
How are the brains of guitarists different?
Can a person regulate dopamine release (voluntarily) and thereby control sources of his happiness?
Does Stephen Hawking think with his computer voice or his original one?
How does the human brain not become overloaded?
In how many ways is a morning jog helpful to our body, especially to our brain?
Is it beneficial to have high expectations about one's own future?
The human brain vs. supercomputers, which one wins?
I have this ability where I can create a very vivid and visual mind map of the places I've been, what could this be?
Does paying additional attention to what you are doing improve the brain, just like meditation?
If a person who has never been formally diagnosed with depression takes SSRIs, how would the unnecessary medication affect the brain and behavior?
What leads to a neural encroachment?
What do I do about a pinched nerve on the pinky side of my wrist?
Where does one start in learning AI, and how can you further improve that skill in the future, to someday have it achieve the same functions a human brain does?
Which university is better for studying neurosciences, McGill (Canada) or Rochester (NY)?
Do antidepressants cause temporary memory loss?
Do anyone focus whether brain can be represented by maps of neuronal circuits?
What does it mean when you look into some people’s eyes and it feels like your brain takes a picture of that moment, and you remember it forever?
Is it possible that my brain is degrading right now?
Should I bring my MRI brain scans to my psychiatrist?
Are receptors such as 5-HT2A, D2, H1, A1 and M1 constantly recycling and renewing?
I used to had very unusual dreams. Is it related with my IQ level?
Why is only 7% of body heat lost from the brain?
In 10 years from now, what will be the processing speed of the computers (personal) and will we be able to transfer our consciousness to the computers?
How can we learn to accept what we don't know while pursuing knowledge?
What was octopamine sold for, before it was found to be endogenous?
If you could connect your brain to the internet but had to agree that companies could send advertisements directly to your brain, would you do it?
What are the benefits of heart rate coherence?
Can a medical grad join an M.S or PhD program in computational neuroscience?
Does a mild traumatic brain injury or a concussion change the way you age? What are the effects of aging with a brain injury? I got therapy.
What is the position of the pineal gland to the mid-brain?
When we talk about IQ aren't we assuming that all brains are more similar than different?
Can scientists explain how the brain of a human child can learn their native language, and the ability to verbalise thoughts, with such ease?
Does aripiprazole increase or decrease brain volume over time?
What does “loss of frontal lobe volume” mean?
Why do we have sensory memory?
What are the implications for consciousness of the University of Freiburg's validation of telephone telepathy in some individuals?
Other than store memory, what else can light do?
How can you describe major functions of the nervous system?
How can people activate cognitive equilibrium?
Why is circulation so important to the brain?
What are the three functions of sensory memory?
How does brain decide in split seconds between fight/flight?
Is our soul the quantum version of our brain?
Can meditation induce false memories?
Is delta delivering beta or alpha?
Could we someday use our brains to store computer programs?
Are neurons alive just like bacteria?
Who is the best ayurvedic doctor for neurology (trigeminal neuralgia) in Pune?
Once we understand how the human brain works, can we hijack it to transfer its memories and functions to a robot's brain?
What function does the axon hillock serve?
How does the Indian philosophy of consciousness challenge the hard problem of consciousness?
How does the brain work at the age of 16?
How do I control a flexible mind?
Is consciousness made of matter?
People used to think the heart was the seat of the mind. What did they think the brain did?
If there's a chance that our brain has a similarity with the neural network, then what lesson should we take in order to live better?
Is a better working memory a result of greater storage capacity in the working memory or quicker conversion of short term memory to long term?
Why did someone refuse to do brain surgery (neurology)?
Can beta-alanine cause permanent nerve damage?
How can I improve my bad logical thinking and problem solving skills?
How can I measure my cognitive functioning on a daily basis?
What would you consider the medium for consciousness to be?
Is it normal for a person to feel their brain activity in their brain?
How can a giant multipolar neuron form?
When stimulating a neuron with an electrode, how do you avoid recording from the same signal you sent?
Should Trump stop the cancellation of the use of the pesticide Chlorpyrophos when we know its use has serious health effects on brain development?
Do memory erasers exist? I want to totally erase my entire memory so I will feel like a new born baby. Is it possible?
What are the problems within theories of consciousness?
Does anything about neurons suggest information is naturally digitized to some base or purely analog interfering waves?
Why does our brain think negative?
Why is nothing in the nervous system connected? It is in contiguity.
How do I keep my brain from being stupid?
Is strengthening the memory beneficial for the brain, and does it help to create a sharp mind?
How does the nervous system interact with the muscular system?
Does continued alcohol use cause the same changes in the brain as antidepressants do?
Would it be worthwhile to have a fMRI of my brain to assess the damage from a head injury at age 8?
How did consciousness come to exist around the same time across the whole world?
What's a good dopamine release other than substances and exercise?
Is human brain being evolutionized to face new challenges?
They say that we live in the past because of the time our brain needs to process information, do you find this fact scary?
Which languages optimize for expressivity when one has a large vocabulary and a low working memory (e.g., those who are older)?
What happens to a certified doctor's diploma if they suffer from a severe memory loss due to a concussion?
How do I train my mind and make it sharper?
If a child was forced to "grow up too fast," is there a chance their brain is fully developed by the time that they are a teenager, or before 25 yrs?
How do you cure one's brain?
Why do different SSRIs work for different people when all of them just increase available serotonin?
Philosophically speaking, could the human brain be a small-scale copy of the universe?
Do frogs have sensory neurons?
What do you think would be smarter, an average human being or a dog that could use 100% of his brain capacity?
What would be a natural way to consume/experience music in modern life?
What are some signs your child is suffering from brain injury due to contact sports?
How can I fall in love with maths and -physics, and train the brain to process calculations very quickly?
What was your worst déja vu moment? How did you relate to it?
Is ADHD just a different way of functioning, or is there a proven difference in the brain?
Is a person in a conscious state or an unconscious state while dreaming in a sleep state?
How would one pursue a career in neuroscience without a B.S.?
How do the brains of normal folk differ from criminal minds in an MRI?
In our brain at which part do doubts generate?
How can the formation of certain atoms in a certain way create consciousness out of nowhere?
What is faster, the human brain or the Sunway TaihuLight?
Can full body transplant happen?
Is all personality based on the structure of the brain? If so, what is under our control?
Would the dominion mandate (Genesis 1:26-28) apply to other humans if they were to lose consciousness and become animalistic?
To what extent can the brain be rewired?
When did we evolve the part of our brain that thinks in our language? Before then, were we conscious?
How can I study cognitive neuroscience and not neuropsychology? Should I study psychology or physiotherapy or join the medical profession?
If a person is brain dead but their heart is still beating, are they dead or alive?
How can you describe the longest cranial nerve?
What are the indications of NG intubation in a conscious patient?
Does alcohol consumption decrease the grey matter of the brain?
What are some neuroscientific perspectives on the connection between consciousness and solipsism?
What are the canonical papers to read in the field of computational neuroscience?
Our life revolves around our emotions and memories. What if someone’s business is to care for your memories and preserve them for you?
How can all neurons be unicellular when myelinated neurons consist of Schwann cells, too? Why aren't they called multicellular?
Which science class should I take if I want to study neuroscience after high school?
Do you think INTJ's are contingency/efficiency planners because their sensory threshold is low (to minimise the impact on the senses)?
What is the main role of the different types of nerve cells?
What childhood experience has influenced your cognitive, psychosocial, brain, or language development?
Can word search puzzles help the brain?
Why have many theorists become increasingly skeptical about the structural distinction between sensory, short-term and long-term memories?
How much brain uses energy and resourses in full panic vs sleep?
Can shaking your hair dry cause brain damage?
What are the structural components of a neuron?
In neuroscience/pharmacology, is a blocker the same as an antagonist?
Can you fake a coma?
If the MRI shows no nerve damage, can there still be nerve damage?
How do you increase the quality of life for an individual with cerebellum hypoplasia?
Which "came" first, consciousness or brain cells?
If you could erase memories by "layering out" neurons and synapse connections, would it cause too much damage for the brain to function properly?
How does the brain locate a specific memory?
What does consciousness tell us about the unknown, namely God?
What is the total number of neurons in the human retina?
Is there a correlation between having a larger brain and intelligence?
What are the risks with brain damage which also has an effect of turning someone into a savant?
How can you describe the function of the spinal cord in the brain?
Why are video games so hard to enjoy? They take a lot of patience and concentration. Prince of Persia squeezes your brain, and GTA tests your patience.
How long do auditory hallucinations typically last?
Is the human brain at the current stage of evolution, capable of acquiring reliable knowledge?
Does consciousness have a gender?
If everyone has a hundred billion neurons, and signals travel through the brain at around 268 mph, how can anybody be any smarter than anyone else?
Can we increase our brains’ processing capacity by using chain reactions?
What are the scopes of bioinformatics works on a neurological disease?
What fields of study are involved in neural lace research?
Do antipychotics cause permanent changes in the brain?
What is the solution for epilepsy?
How can some people have memories before 3 years of age?
What part of our nervous system collapses first when we have an accident?
What are the effects of hypnosis on the brain?
Does smoking weed cause memory loss?
Why is sense of spice included in nociception?
How do binaural beats and solfeggio frequencies work together?
After a major car accident, I have to work in a place where stress on the brain can be reduced to a minimum. What can I do to still be productive and make money?
From a neurological perspective, what causes songs that we have not heard in a while to randomly come into our heads? Is this random?
Is it possible or will it be possible to record the electrical signals that "are" memories?
What causes that awful feeling after waking up from an afternoon nap?
Are our calculating skills limited by the brain, or can they be improved?
What are some of the areas of cooperate responsibilities?
Does playing too many video games affect your memory?
Could hallucinations and visual disturbances be caused by a cyst in maxillary sinus?
What is the best combination of molecules in drug which can improve the brain's learning power?
Can the optic nerve function be amplified?
What would be the symptoms of neurotoxicity from psychostimulants like Ritalin and Adderall?
Mind and body, what does science say about this? Are we just a function of the workings of our brain?
How to purify consciousness? Where will it take you?
What is the maximum amount of time, that a person can stay in a medically induced coma, without any effects?
Does consciousness just “follow” our brains?
Is head or brain transplant possible?
Do magnetic fields disrupt our brain activity?
Given that we don't know what consciousness is, is it even possible to define the brain/machine interface?
Do ENTP folks experience even more of an active brain on MDMA?
Can medication cause memory loss?
Without hurting myself, how could I get memory loss or amnesia?
Where is the carboxyl end on G-protein-linked receptors?
Does REM intrusion still occur subsequent to partial/full brain death?
Does the brain have any control over the trillions of bacteria that live inside our body and effect our behavior?
Why does liver cirrhosis occur more commonly on the right lobe than on the left lobe?
Which animals have single-lobed brains?
Why is sneezing oddly satisfying to me? Are any brain chemicals released?
What are the emotional differences between men and women? Does masculinity affect emotion and its expression in men?
How do I manifest change in the physical world by using thought/brain power alone?
Is there an EEG dataset which is measured by Emotiv?
How do the endocrine and nervous systems use chemical messengers?
What does the lesser palatine nerve look like?
How do electronics applications harm our brains?
Why does the brain need to classify?
How can we program our brain?
Is deja vu related to dreams?
Which part of the brain deals with imagination and reality?
What are the 2 main parts of the nervous system, and what function do they serve?
How do I become a sensory technologist?
Can continual use of stimulant medication by a teenager damage the brain?
Is seroquel (quetiapine) an irreversible dopamine antagonist, if so do these receptors eventually recycle/regrow after cessation?
What are good EEG BCI development kits?
What is MRI brain extraction in deep learning?
What are the brain changes that occur in Complex Post Traumatic disorder?
What are some important facts about the nervous system?
How reliable and valid is the new Cambridge brain science C-score?
Why are the cell membranes of neurons and nerves more permeable to potassium than sodium?
Why do our dopamine receptors close after repeatedly doing something?
Is the classification of the brain normal?
Can you have tumors in the frontal lobe that affect the pituitary gland?
The brain is an on/off phenom and computing is the same. Are we immersed in a massive simulation?
Would playing sports make your nervous system faster?
Synesthesia: How did you realized that you have synesthesia?
How do I resharpen my brain?
Is there really such a thing as the “homosexual” brain?
When a person is in coma how can they eat and excrete?
How would the file explorer of a brain look like?
Why do I have such awful short term/working memory?
How bad is the damage in this brain MRI?
How does our brain simplifies complex reality?
What is the main function of each of the parts of the cerebral cortex?
Do we get the benefit of chanting if we do it without full consciousness?
Does the human brain work as a broadcasting and receiving instrument to access infinite intelligence and draw creative ideas out of known facts?
Do you know of any ways to cope with a phobia about your mathematical ineptitude, especially mental arithmetic? The correct term is dyscalculia.
Have I broken my brain?
How do neurons recognize patterns?
Is there a disorder or disease in which your brain doesn't flip the upside-down image your eye perceives back around?
Is one hemisphere of the brain responsible for our emotional intelligence and the other for our rational intelligence?
When will we be able to download wikipedia content to our brain?
Has anyone had that moment when their brain functions like a supercomputer when they are just about waking up from sleep but not yet fully awake?
Does exhaling too much carbon dioxide do any damage to the brain?
What are the maximum amount of facts the average brain can hold in memory?
Besides N-Back training, are there any other activities which can potentially enhance one's working memory or fluid intelligence?
How long does it take to develop new neural pathways?
Can I use ginkgo biloba to boost my brain?
What’s the basis of the method of Loci?
Is socializing something we do with our brains or just by using our tongues?
What is the most effective method or tool (in your experience) to develop conscious and subconscious coherence?
What is the neurological basis of crow-epistemology?
How can someone deal with cerebral involution (atrophy)?
Is the FC receptor on an NK cell different than the FC receptor on antibodies?
What if a human feeds on a small amount of electricity daily? Will it help his neurons to connect better for a good memory?
How does an abundance of neurotransmitters such as serotonin and dopamine affect your life?
What are the possible socioeconomic impacts of Neuralink (Elon Musk's mind-machine interface start-up)?
How much brain power does the average human use?
How far are we from transplanting a complete brain, human or animal?
Physiologically and functionally, how different are the brains of different humans?
What are careers in neuroscience?
Can plagiarism cause too much loss to a person? If yes, how?
What are your thoughts on 60 Minutes Brain hacking episode?
Do excitatory and inhibitory neurons make binary logic in the brain?
Did Swami Vivekananda and Ramakrishna Paramahamsa suffer from temporal lobe epilepsy?
Do most people have a stroke and lose the ability to learn?
How long does short term memory last?
Can computational biologists work on neuroscience research?
Google has pretty much replaced my short term memory. Does this make me a cyborg?
How can one make the brain function faster in everyday life and stay in the present moment?
Can I replace eMMC memory?
Is the human brain fully developed at 20 years old?
What part of the brain is responsible for motivation?
If we remove our memories and personality, what happens to us?
How is the brain more active at night?
If you have titanium plates on your skull, will the brain adapt to it? And what will happen as a result of the adaptation?
What are some tools to track your own biometrics (i.e. data about your hormone levels, brain waves, etc)?
I want to become a neuroscientist. What are all the things I should know before studying?
Why do some people start dancing when listening to music? Is music a way to control and activate certain random regions of the brain?
To what extent is consciousness a function of possibility through contemplation via connections between the epistemic & ontological domains of being?
Is there specific facial expression while watching sexy scenes?
How do I remember a brain’s anatomy?
What is Qualia according to neuroscience?
What are the different types of nerve cells?
What is an example of how memory cues can mislead you in everyday life situations?
If someone has an MS and their heart has started racing at times, does that mean that a lesion may have developed at the base of the brain?
What deja vu situation you have experienced?
How do sympathetic and parasympathetic stimulation of the heart differ?
Why are there people still claiming that dry needling is a pseudoscience?
What is hippocampal afterburner? How could it be used to design the span and subjects of a semester in a university?
How do I ensure that future brain technologies will help and not harm society?
Can a person survive if their brain is surgically removed?
In unscientific terms, how can a person alter his negative subconscious thoughts and desires?
After a mild stroke, will my brain form new pathways to the affected leg if I continue to exercise and demand more movement?
Should Elon Musk's brains be preserved for study just like Einstein's brain was?
What is compressed brain and how can any one diagnose it?
Are video games healthy for the brain?
How does the left part of the brain see and interpret the world?
How do we know consciousness is limited to organic life?
Are memories stored in neural networks or as patterns?
Does science enhance your brain’s creativity?
I am 65, how can I increase my short term memory?
How do I boost my brain power?
If neurons, synapses, and axons were damaged by brain lacerations, would that be problematic?
How can I control myself and train my brain to do so?
Would a Funny Bone employer hire me if I told her I never went to the Funny Bone?
How is spiritual ecstasy explained in relation to the human brain?
Can the human brain suffer from overfitting?
Can you rehabilitate your retina/optic nerves?
Is there any solid proof that biology determines personality? For example, is there proof that having male genitalia is more likely to make someone enjoy action figures?
What should I do to get into a top-ranked neuroscience PhD program (Stanford, UCSD)?
What should I do after an MBBS to do research in neuroscience?
What are the chances of a rogue brain-computer interface technology being used to control the minds of others?
Why do people with severe brain damage curl in their hands?
Why are all scientists weak and do not do sports? Is it because it has a bad effect on the brain?
What is the relationship between depression and the brain in human beings?
What would happen if we started using 100% of our cerebral capacity?
At what point of unconsciousness are you considered to be in a coma?
What if all the neurons in your brain were activated at the same time?
What causes tramatic brain injury?
What are astrocytes and their functions?
What type of brain damage did the mafia have?
Why is the brain not like a computer?
What is the role of oxytocin in males?
What is the difference between dendrite and grain?
What is the speed of thought in the human brain?
How can you make your brain sharper and smarter?
Is the conscious mind more of an afterthought or can it actually override our subconscious?
Can we invent a device that calculates the amount of info one's brain contains?
How can the lobes of the cerebral hemisphere be studied?
How does your nervous system affect your physical strength?
What is the difference between afferent and efferent axons?
Could the human brain survive wounds, cuts and lacerations and still function properly?
What advantages does an ambidextrous person's brain have?
How does the brain represent data in neurons?
What is an app or software for faking brain activity?
How does meditation help with anxiety disorder from neurophysiological perspective?
Are there any examples of mind/brain limitations?
How can a human brain be more complex than another?
When Alzheimer's patients have lost all of their memories, will they forget their mother tongue?
What does the left centrum semiovale control?
Where are ideologies and beliefs in the brain?
What have been some of the rarest psychological or neurological disorders you have come across, and how did the people who had them behave?
Is it possible that consciousness is only awareness and interacts with our brain to create personality and all that?
How many GBs is the human brain's memory?
Are neurons, axons and synapses inside the individual brain regions or are they just on the "top portion" and visible?
Does an honest man have a “low brain”?
What are the herbal ways to increase cognition?
What are the proven natural methods of increasing brain serotonin levels?
Do we get heavy while we are not conscious?
How was the brain formed?
What are some of your archetype examples for various cognitive science concepts?
Is creativity finite? Will there be a day when our brain will lose all its potentiality to create something new without copying/using past references?
Does the human brain have a frame rate for vision?
What is the meaning of LHS in a cortical nephron?
Can we build the small connections like neurons?
How is the pituitary gland regulated?
Would you rather try to keep your biological body going or move your brain to a robotic body to extend your life and why?
Do we hear real sound?
Without being limited by the brain, what could our muscles do?
Is consciousness outside the brain a serious hypothesis?
What should I do if I make a mistake that cause great damage to the company?
What could be a cause of a loss of ability to read thoroughly over a matter of months?
Is there such a thing as artificially rewiring the brain of a person with autism to that of a neurotypical so that he'd subconsciously behave differently?
How do I improve my analytical and logical skills?
How do I forgot bad memories?
What is a problem our math can't solve but our brains can intuitively?
When was the last time you ate a human brain?
How does memory in the brain work, and how is it stored?
How can human consciousness change, and the meaning of consciousness be changed, by BCI machines, like the proposed idea of a neural lace which can merge?
Who was the first eternal consciousness? Wasn't he or she too lonely with itself after being self aware?
How do I work with my own brain instead of blindly following others?
How do SSRIs interact with LSD?
How frequently have you had uncannily specific deja-vu moments on Quora?
Is Neurological damage treatable?
Can humans feel time as they feel pain or pleasure?
How do we get brain freezes?
Should a hyper advanced humanity extract consciousness from every certifiably conscious being that has ever existed?
Is there a wavelength that could pass through the entire brain?
Is a part of your brain programmed to rest after doing a specific task for too long?
How do I use 2D brain MRI images with an SPM tool?
What happens to our brain when we read? What are the cognitive processes which allow this activity?
Are our brains working under distributed mechanisms?
Who is a good Ayurveda doctor, who deals with neurological disorders in Pune?
Does the human brain provide insights into itself while learning about itself?
How much does a memory weigh?
Why can humans not inherit memories?
Can a brain injury to an infant result in growth plate damage?
What is the fundamental basis of the mind, the consciousness and of thoughts?
What does it mean, neurologically, to like or dislike something? Both through genetics and through association etc. what are the differences between individuals?
Can our intelligence improve, or is there a limit put on our brains that stops us from improving our intelligence significantly?
How accurate is the idea that men are unhappier than women because in times of distress their brain's synapses shrink (whereas women's swell)?
If brain cells are continuously degenerating, then how come everyone says that the older generation is much wiser?
How can atherosclerosis affect the brain?
Is it true that the brain works worse with age? If so, from what age?
What is happening when my brain is working 100%?
What is the memory capacity of a human brain?
If the human brain was as complex as the universe would it be all knowing?
What are the best foods to support your brain and thinking?
How did you find the undergraduate experience At McGill's neuroscience?
Is there any way to forget certain parts of bad memories and prevent our mind from thinking about them?
What are the main benefits of neuron tracing?
Can a CS major get admission into a neuroscience program?
What's the current progress in the human brain mapping?
Is there any cocktail of stimulants that might enhance function better than one stimulant alone?
What is the best route to obtain a doctoral degree in neuropsychology with a focus on learning and cognition?
Does MDMA usage affect cognitive abilities?
How would one begin trying to find where consciousness comes from?
Why is there a space between two neurons? Why can’t it all be interconnected?
What is the amperage in an axon?
What does the combination of different brainwaves (alpha, beta etc) together tell us about our mental state?
How do you get into a coma?
Do computers slow down our brains?
What would the brain scan of an extremely religious person/one who believes in something strongly look like compared to a person with little faith?
What are the techniques/methods that help engineers/scientists to understand any hard concepts/theories fast and thoroughly (learn fast)?
What is the impact of movies on human thought process?
Have you survive without being conscious?
What does the frontal lobe of the brain have control over?
Do you sometimes have problems to discern whether your thought is memory or only product of your imagination?
Which brain training games do you think actually work?
How come our brains can't retain dreams as memories that can be recalled easily?
How can I simulate the effect of drugs without damaging the brain?
Why do we get that weird feeling in our chest when we see someone cute?
How do I get over an old accident memory?
What are the signs of cerebellar damage?
Is over-dependence on technology deteriorating the human brain?
Which activities are rewarded by dopamine?
What must I do after a liberal arts degree to get into medical school?
What is the problem of homunculus in relation to self-awareness or consciousness, and what is its solution?
How do olfactory neurons sense and transmit information?
If someone was using type 1 (intuitive) decision making, would a PET scan reveal activity closer to the brain stem than type 2?
I’m teaching about the guillotine and beheadings as punishments. How long is the head alive after a quick separation?
Is the "Critique of Pure Reason" more important because it explains what the brain can do, or because it explains what the brain can’t do?
What would be the pros/cons of doing a graduate minor in neuroscience/cognitive science/psychology vs. math/stats/none for a CS PhD student?
Will the brain of an animal develop if it mates with a different breed?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
How can we understand the gradient of tau concentration in an axon?
How sharp should our brain be if we want to work for NASA?
Can neural plasticity result in changes to high-level brain structures?
Why is the somatic nervous system also called cerebrospinal nervous system?
Why is it difficult to decode a female brain?
Is weed bad for the brain as a teenager (let’s say if I smoke 1 gram of sativa every Saturday)?
Do I risk a brain aneurysm if I don't drink water?
What's the best brain boosting medicine for college students? How it affects our health if we stop use it?
What kind of people should become a neuroscientist?
How is the brain removed from the skull?
What kind of bond is important in the biochemical processes that involve nerve impulses?
Do any of the 8 cervical nerves contain neurons of the sympathetic and parasympathetic divisions?
In what part of the brain does thinking happen?
What is the work of nerve cells and how do they process signals?
Is it theoretically possible to effectively switch bodies by transferring long-term memory between two people?
I want to enhance my working memory. How do I go about in doing so?
How do you prepare & train your mind and soul for difficult upcoming work & decisions?
Can we keep the brain functioning properly without a body?
Suppose reality is a result of reactions in the brain, what happens to reality when we alter these reactions?
Can you name a drug that paralyses your body and doesn't affect your consciousness?
Can you develop psychopathy while your brain is still developing (e.g., during early puberty)?
Is there any biology link, like an additional chromosome or dysfunction in the brain, that links psychopathy, narcissism and sociopathic behaviour?
What's the most complex simulation of the brain so far?
Can we ever conquer our trypophobia?
Does lying make you stupid?
Is serotonin syndrome permanent?
Why can't humans see a signal?
Are there any differences between awareness and self-consciousness?
Where/what are some of the most interesting circuits in the CNS?
Can we see our thoughts?
According to my school, I get extra time and a reader because my brain processes things at a much slower speed than others. Is there a name for this?
Is there any way to bring on the effects of MDMA?
Is there a connection between astrocyte-neuron lactate shuttle and lactate threshold exercise training?
How important is the pituitary gland's function in the brain?
Can brain damage after a cardiac arrest be cured?
Do I need to go to medical school to study the brain? What type of brain scientist can I become without going to med school?
How is neural code meaningful to the brain?
How much does a normal person use his brain?
What are some ways to depolarize a neuron?
Can we use the Morlet wavelet in EEG data?
What is the best way to learn about computational neuroscience?
Can X-rays cause any type of brain damage?
Neuralink is a company that plans to make humans smarter with brain implants. Will monkeys or even giraffes learn to talk and reason with implants?
Can epilepsy cause ED?
Which types of brain-computer interface technologies appear to be the most promising?
How do parasympathetic and sympathetic systems differ?
How can I train my brain to be a brilliant student using photographic memory?
Could switching to a subconsciousness for 10 seconds cause any damage or persistent/permanent changes to my brain?
What are some hormones that are NOT released by the pituitary gland?
What is cardiac depolarization and repolarization?
How does the brain recall previous attempts at trying to recall something?
What is an example of a CB 1 receptor antagonist?
What are cerebral fissures?
Could cognitive ability be augmented artificially?
Can you cut yourself on a piece of a shattered skull?
What is the speed of your brain in processing data when compared to an iPhone?
What is the brain chemistry?
Is there a way to administer oxytocin orally?
Why doesn't the brain learn while you sleep?
Is it normal for your short term memory to get worse as you absorb more and new information (long-term memory gets better)?
Do we control ourselves with our consciousness or with our brain?
Are the longest neurons in our body born at birth and do not regenerate?
Does working memory have a length or is it truly incremental?
Why do thoughts in my mind feel like some kind of enigma?
What does music look like in your brain?
The app "Vital Tones BPD" pretends to activate some necessary brain areas by sound stimulation. Can that actually help a BPD patient?
What is the technique behind binaural beat?
Is it possible to safely isolate a whole functioning brain and place it in a jello compound? Would I be conscious?
What happens if we create an imaginary world inside our head?
What is a medullated nerve fiber?
How can I boost the neutralisation of unpleasant events by the brain?
Is it possible to have consciousness without metabolism in a living organism?
Does Batman have an eidetic memory?
What is the Mandela Effect? Is it a “scientific phenomenon relating to the part of the world” or something we cant yet comprehend.
What foods will boost the brains thinking process?
Which part of our neural system acts as a master clock?
I noticed how I've grown to be quite fond of pain. Is it part of my brain's defense mechanism?
Is imagination just the brain stimulating its neurons?
Why is a synapse called a physiological junction between two neurons but not an anatomical junction?
Why do increased TMEM106B levels accelerate brain aging?
Are there any awesome facts about the brain that might not be widely known?
How can you describe the function of the reticular formation in the brain?
Why does my back and my right eye hurt when I get a brain-freeze?
What part of the brain is responsible for desiring the company and approval of others?
How do you design or image a computer simulation/model about the human brain?
How can we become clearer channels for beings of higher consciousness?
Is it better to learn something before noon by the right brain (like programming and math), and after noon, is it better to learn something by the left brain (like language)?
If brain zaps are the result of SSRI withdrawal, then why do I experience them while taking my SSRI too?
How do antigens get into the CNS? Do antigens originate in the periphery and migrate across the BBB into the brain?
What is myelin, from a structural perspective? Where does the Schwann cell component end and the fatty acids begin?
Regarding autopsies, what is the frequency (& difficulty) of checking the dementia-impacted brain & blood brain barrier for bacterial (Lyme) insult?
Does the brain only understand the words, forms by view, and temperature and measures by hands?
Are the effects of synesthesia true? I mean, hearing colors and seeing music, really. Is there any proof?
Why is the nervous system the most important?
What is the McCollough effect?
Why is your brain made up of fat and water?
Is it likely for a person coming out of anaesthesia to experience strong feelings of deja vu?
Why do I feel refreshed and energized after listening to binaural beats with the sounds of the ocean surf mixed in?
Which theory on the nature of consciousness do you believe is most plausible, and why?
Do people with fewer regrets have better memories?
Is there a chance of brain damage in boxing?
How many brain cells are there in an average human brain?
Is it possible for cyanide to cause the kind of damage displayed by Silva in Skyfall (2012)?
How does changing from right hand to left hand help my brain?
If conciousness were the result of complexity, then wouldn't epileptic patients who have the hemispheres the their brains split be only half conscious?
Is it possible for your brain to ever be quiet?
How do I know my perception limits?
What is it about music that stimulates the brain?
Is a Ph.D. in clinical neuroscience from NIMHANS recognised outside of the country?
What is the difference between the subconscious mind and the soul?
Do SSRI/SNRI antidepressants cause short term memory problems?
Are huge hive minds possible?
Can we pursue an M.Sc in neuroscience after getting a BPT (a bachelor’s in Physiotherapy)?
Sometimes I feel that my conscious mind is preventing my unconscious mind from absolutely focused thoughts. How can I reduce my restless conscious mind?
How do I use my brain?
Which part of your brain is useful to solve problems and puzzles?
How does the brain get energized by sleeping?
What if the brains of a male and female were swapped? How would he or she respond or act?
What are the differences regarding how different colors and sounds are encoded in the brain?
How fast do we store information in our minds?
How is it possible to live with only one side of your brain?
What is it like to be a research scientist in neurology?
Do human brain neural networks serve multi purposes, i.e. used for multiple, different tasks?
What neurological parts of the brain handle habit breaking?
What is the most widely accepted theory regarding human brain consciousness?
Is it possible to genetically modify a creature so that it is born with biological technology?
What part of the brain controls arousal?
Is porn addiction a pseudoscience?
Everyone has both hearts and brains to take important decisions in their life. Will you follow your heart or your brain?
If true psychopathy can be diagnosed with brain scans, why isn't it recognised as an actual condition?
What would happen if everyone had the same brain overnight?
Why does my narcissistic friend have weak short term memory?
What areas are responsible in the brain to provide sight? Are there areas that turn off when we shut our eyes or sleep, maybe?
How can I heal my brain from anhedonia after stopping antipsychotics?
Is it possible that I have a poor working memory due to attention deficit?
How is the concept of neuroplasticity being applied to patients who have brain injuries?
How can functional electrical stimulation be applied?
Has anyone done hydrodissection for nerve entrapment? Did it hurt a lot?
What is the relation between Aspartame and memory loss?
Can current technology interpret brain wave effectively?
What are some ideas for how to efficiently simulate a brain?
Before marrying someone, did you have deja vu about he or she being the one? How & why?
Do you still remember you are bisexual after losing memory?
How can one control the level of dopamine?
What solution would you suggest to make your reaction time faster with your nervous system?
How many neurons would we have in our brain if the average distance of them would be 10 nanometers?
What are good foods and recipes for someone with a severed vagus nerve?
What causes anxiety down to the neurons and neurotransmitters? Is it more of an experience created "disorder", or a physical "disorder" in the brain?
What is the role of cerebrospinal fluid?
Is there any way to program my brain to remind my self "don't do it" every time I think of suicide?
Why was Einstein able to use that much % of his brain that no human has ever reached till now?
What could cause false memories in someone?
Can an attempted suicide cause loss of memory?
Is there any evidence of consciousness outside the body that hasn't been explained away yet?
How does the brain locate memories?
Is it true that the brain has the potential, to gain the capacity to attain a photographic memory and raise general intelligence and IQ by a significant margin?
Why stimulating the brain neurons with electricity doesn't bring a person who just died back to life?
Does brain cells grow back after a brain biopsy?
Does social consciousness exist independent of our individual consciousness? Is a collective of individual consciousness conscious/unconscious?
Is consciousness a skill or something apart from us?
Well-defined calcified foci without perilesional edema are seen in the right occipital lobe. Is it dangerous for the brain?
How can I transfer the information I study into long term memory?
Why is there no artificial model of brain made till date?
Why is the tibialis anterior one of the first muscle that is affected by neurological conditions such as CMT or Friedreich's ataxia?
What is the solution to the rapidly increasing neurological disease "megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy"?
I am manipulated into thinking everything is my fault in a relationship. What do I do? My brain is broken.
How long of a meditation session should one have to produce exceptional dopamine levels?
What is the record of the electricity in the brain?
How do you optimise the quality of the life of a dog with a brain tumour?
What if we could download the human consciousness into a virtual reality simulator & beam the consciousness outter space at the speed of light, would this theory work?
Could anyone get his/her brain re-wired due to an accident and gain superpowers or new talents?
Why is it tiresome to be mindful or conscious all the time?
Can you describe the physical sensation of heartache?
Is the dubstep damaging my brain?
Should the government implant micro-chips into people's brains to control their behaviours (or else they die)?
What happens in the brain when we see a pair of complementary colours as opposed to a random pair?
What reference material guides therapists as a framework for treating schizophrenic delusions?
What can cause bad memory in someone young?
What part of the brain causes extreme paranoia and obsessive thoughts?
Is there any genetic foundation of behavioural neuroscience?
What is the brain fade issue of Steve Smith?
What is the basic unit of a brain cell?
Does masturbation affect our brain?
What are the benefits of playing sudoku for the brain?
How do different neurotransmitters cause different feelings and effects?
How can I get knowledge on neuroscience?
Does driving on the beach cause damage to a car?
What are my job options with a PhD in neuroscience?
What are some facts about the sensory system?
Is Super Brain Booster effective?
How does our brain do mathematical calculations?
How can I check my mind ability?
What do the water and fat do inside your brain?
What are the best ways to reduce the glutamate in your brain?
Why isn’t there a memory-erasing device which we can use to wipe out bad memories of our life?
Does walking help to increase our memory?
Do people with total and permanent memory loss still have their old consciousness?
If you put your brain on a skillet and turned on the heat, how would your body react?
What is the time of recovery for a brain hemorrhage?
What are the two types of neuron processes?
What happens to the brain neural networks/connections you had as a baby, child, adolescent? Do they just disappear with aging?
How does food affect the brain development?
How do I become like Leonardo Da Vinci?
When it comes to neuroscience and how the brain works, what are we still ignorant about?
Is the tryptophan absorbed from the intestines enough to affect the serotonin levels in the brain, causing depression?
What is going on in the brains of people not grounded in reality?
How important is the MRI for epilepsy diagnosis?
Do sensory nerves send different signals/transmissions back to the brain depending on cut severity and the deepness of wound/cut?
How are brain aneurysms and strokes handled?
Should I quit my job in order to do online courses for my future graduate degree in neuroscience?
Do you dream when in a coma?
How do you cope with sensory sensitivity (Asperger’s)?
Is it theoretically possible to extract memories from a dead brain? If not, why not?
How is the brain of sadists wired?
What are the best herbs for increasing brain activity?
Can a person move and walk again after a head transplant?
Does risperidone cause permanent changes in the brain?
Will humanity evolve to lose long term memory as a biological function?
Why does time fly by when you're having fun or busy? And is there time?
How can someone lose consciousness because of pain intolerance?
Could a fully virtual brain, along with some meta-frames, be more creative than a biological brain because it does not have to "learn" over time?
How different are your thoughts from 3am to 3pm?
Is there any advantage to having pseudoinsomnia?
What gives us consciousness?
What are some foods that are good for the brain?
What was the strangest déjà vu you have ever had?
What’s something your brain tries to make you do and you have to will yourself not to do it?
What is brain, computer interference?
Can deep meditation cause seizure-like movements?
What is the best way to memorize concepts?
What are the survival stats of a Grade 5 brain aneurysm and subsequent subarachnoid hemorrhage?
I have a hypothesis that knowing multiple languages can reduce the risk of schizophrenia. Do you think it's viable?
How many nerve endings are there in the human nose?
Who is the best neurologist in Bareilly?
Do human brains ever have bugs and errors like a computer application does?
Do pitbulls have bigger brains than other dogs?
The top of my head feels tingly and weird, and when I have that, my short term memory sort of suffers till the feeling is gone. What does this mean?
Why are some dreams repeated? Does it have something to do with a syndrome or a brain disease?
How can I stop the process of predicting future constantly?
What is the difference between a neurological and a psychological disorder when using a Venn diagram?
Would the problem of the mental death of an immortal be solved if brain cells underwent mitosis?
Can you create new androgen receptors?
Can I get a PhD in clinical neurosciences with a 95 score in NIMHANS?
Why are motor neuron conduction studies normal in spinal muscular atrophy?
I don't think I'm growing mentally or spiritually. I spend endless hours in phones and hardly apply my brain at all. What should I adapt to improve?
If neurogenesis occurs in the hippocampus to make new neurons, where are other neurons located in the brain and what are they associated with?
From a biological standpoint, what is memory?
Do you meditate even though you are not a spiritual person?
What would happen to the brain of a person who never ages?
Is it good to play chess online while you are sick?
What would be stored in a main internal memory?
How many METs can you reach doing intense mental work (e.g., maths)?
Is it possible to perform sEMG decomposition on the forearm using Backyard Brains' Muscle SpikerShield? If so, up to how many different motor units?
Can a person only understand things by just imagining the concept? Is that normal? And are there accordingly such categories for people?
Is a person's sense of time influenced by their brain waves?
Is it possible to detect amygdala with electroencephalography for now?
Can you prove others’ consciousness?
Why does the sound of a clock ticking bother me different amounts at different times?
Can coffee cause brain fog?
Do brains follow thinking patterns, based on past events?
How come music makes you recollect memories, especially when the quite tough ones?
Would someone please describe the role of reduction in learning?
How long does LSD continue to affect the brain after the effects have worn off? Is it days, months, or even years later?
Why do brain tumour patients often stop opening their eyes towards the end, despite being conscious and able to engage?
How large is the nerve tissue that extend from the cervical central nervous system? Specifically does this tissue branch/insert over the shoulders?
Is thinking in the brain a consequence of external worldly stimuli or internal stimuli?
How can free radicals damage our brain cells?
Do psychedelics impair executive function?
What are the scientifically backed ways to prevent Alzheimer's?
Why doesn't the human brain have an exhaust to vent out tension?
Can chronic masturbation from young age cause permanent androgen receptor damage?
How can we decide which neurons fire?
What is the difference between neuropeptides and endorphins?
What are some examples of sensory image?
Is flow a kind of supernormal stimuli?
What is the mechanism of perception (sixth sensation) according to sensory neurons?
Is there a way or will it ever be possible to erase a person or certain people from your memory?
When I was a kid, I got a shock by leaning my forehead against a non-lethal electric fence. Could this have damaged my brain?
Is it possible to control our dreams?
Is it wise to double major in Maths and Data Science if I want to research in AI and Neuroscience?
How fast can one read and learn at different levels of IQ?
Does the brain use a recursion process?
What happened to the Salvadoran woman with with the brain tumor whom ICE dragged out of her hospital bed to deport?
Do we have dopamine stores that we use up in a day?
Has the human brain evolved since the times of Plato and Aristotle?
Can PTSD alter the brain forever?
How is information encoded by neurons?
What can be a substitute for neuromarketing?
How true is it that most people get Alzheimer's disease or something similar and lose all of their knowledge?
Is destiny/fate real? If so, what is the use of our brain to make decisions if everything is already written?
How do I extract different bands from an EEG signal?
What are some diseases that affect the nervous system?
How do I overcome brain blocking when speaking another language?
How can we directly (short span of time) put things in our sub-conscious mind without auto-suggestion?
How does insight, inspiration, and a flash idea happen in terms of neural activity?
Is it possible to increase dopamine levels in the brain without drugs?
Do people who do extensive brainwork need to intake a large amount of sugar/glucose food for breakfast?
Does depression significantly impair cognitive function?
If you could erase memories by "lasering out" neurons and synapse connections, would it cause too much damage for the brain to function properly?
Why is the only proper scientific and most pertinent aspect (the nervous system) of AS and autism being sidelined and even disregarded by medicine and the public?
How is the subconscious collecting information?
How are memories stored as patterns?
What is electric prostate stimulation?
What if brain cells could repair?
Can a child's brain be emulated and that data be stored and stitched up creating a functional brain in a virtual environment hence creating an AI?
Why is the human brain more creative at night?
Do people who have strokes lose the ability to remember things forever?
Is there a way to erase an event from our memory completely, like it never happened?
What is the mechanism for the brain to perceive the "position" of pain? Specifically the intestine, which may move without conscious muscle control?
What's the difference between the tela choroidea and the choroid plexus of the human brain?
Which drug is used to cause permanent memory loss?
What is the importance of having a sensory stimulus?
Which major companies would benefit the most from brain-computer interfaces?
Why can't the impacts of the ability to cut and cook food on the human brain (making it larger) be seen in the fossil record?
Does a fetus have consciousness and if so, how did that come to be?
How does agoraphobia affects the brain?
How do top people in the world optimize their brains’ functionality?
Can you alter the details of a memory?
This past February, I've taken 6 psychiatric meds once each: trazodone, Paxil, Seroquel, BuSpar, Ambien, and mirtazapine. Will the damage be permanent? I’m scared.
What are the ways to improve concentration and brain power?
Which dopamine receptors does methamphetamine affect?
What are the consequences of removing each major brain area?
Can the human brain be overloaded? Or is the stress we experience just due to "over stretching" our mental capacity
Can psilocybin improve cognition?
What exactly does a suicidal person experience in their brains?
Can we regulate our oxytocin for eternal happiness?
I'm 13. I am very ambitious about neuroscience (especially becoming a top dog at Neuralink). Where should I begin?
How do you know that you aren't a brain in a vat?
From an evolutionary perspective, what do you make of the fact that our brains have cannabinoid receptors?
Can brain cells come back after quitting drugs or porn?
What purpose do the sympathetic fibres serve in the autonomic nervous system?
Could someone help me understand something that has confused me?
How can you artificially stimulate emotions in yourself?
At what age does the brain stop developing neurons?
Is the human brain the best possible brain?
Do antipsychotics permanently slow down the brain or does it only last for a short while?
Could our gut's brain experience qualia?
Who is the longest living anencephalic?
Are there any neurons without a myelin sheath that are not afflicted by MS?
What is the relationship between an individual brain maturity and adulthood?
What are some foods that boost brain power?
What relevancy bares performance on working memory tests, pertinence, and the import of low and high function therein?
Is yawning due to lack of oxygen in our brain or due to any other reason?
Why is there an increased level of adrenaline in our bodies when we are under stress? How exactly does the brain understand that and know to increase the adrenaline?
What is senior sensory gardening?
How do you train your brain to do hard things?
How long does it take for a memory of anything to get lost in the human brain?
Is there a limit to how much we can improve memory and processing speed?
Can the optic nerve light signals be amplified?
What does peroxyacetyl nitrate causes damage to?
When a person gets symptoms that resembles a brain tumor, will it show on an MRI?
Does human life come from a specific cell in the brain, and why aren't scientists able to find it out?
Does Wellbutrin or Lamictal cause neurological problems?
What is training neurons?
What happens in the brain during magical/religious rituals?
How do rods and cones work with the optic nerve?
How would the world be like if we were all born with developed brains?
Can brain cells lost due to 3 years of severe chronic sleep deprivation (DSPS) be regenerated?
How does 2-CE affect the brain compared to 2-CB?
How might frontal lobe brain damage affect someone's behavior?
How can I influence and persuade the customer’s reptilian brain (not their limbic system or cerebral cortex) when selling goods or a service?
Can internal hallucinations progress to external ones?
What would happen if potassium and sodium were reversed in a neuron? Would an action potential still be possible?
Does playing with puzzles make our brains more functional?
My brain is singing all the time even after I wake up. Are there any negative effects of that?
They say we only use 10% of our brain. How much of our physical energy do we waste that is available to use, and how can we begin using it?
Why is it that most of the human race treats the brain as themselves rather than an organ just like the heart or lungs?
If we ever get advanced enough to connect directly into the internet, would it be possible for a hacker to hack into human brains because of that?
Has Neuro-Linguistic programming efficacy been verified by neuroscience?
How is breaking up like a drug withdrawal to our brain?
Is your synesthesia beneficial?
What are examples of nervous systems?
What is the meaning of cognitive engineering?
Does the experience of a book "embed" as deeply in the memory/brain of the observer as a first person, 'real life' experience does?
What if when you died, your consciousness lived and transferred to an alternative universe, then got trapped in someone else’s mind? Could this cause schizophrenia?
What are the best US universities to study both neuroscience and music at for undergrad?
Where are the presynaptic neurons found?
How is memory processed into long-term memory? By the influence it holds, or because of trauma, seriousness, joy or distress?
How does one gets a raw brain power as strong as Mikhail Tal's?
What are 6 brain foods to power up studying?
What are the immediate precautions for epilepsy or fits?
Do Jews have the ability to fly and listen to our minds?
On a neurological level, what happens when one experiences déjà vu?
What are some characteristics of the corpora quadrigemina?
What is the difference between being a specialist in neurology and neurosurgery (besides the surgery part)?
Why is human brain said to be the most complex machine in the whole universe? Is there nothing more complex than human brain?
Is there a way to boost oxytocin levels during sex before orgasm?
Are memories stored as patterns or as chemical changes in synapses?
Do SSRIs prevents the brain from maturing in teens or young adults?
Is there any case where Valproate is not detected in the blood of somebody who is taking it twice a day?
How is the neuroscience program at carleton university?
How can the human brain be understood with only the human brain as a tool?
Is it possible to rewrite your memories? If so, then how?
How do I increase memory power? I am 29 years old.
If you express a brain's computation by laying down rows upon rows of rocks, is it conscious?
Does taking anti-psychotics make you numb in life, where you can't feel emotions like happiness?
Can someone increase their level of variability in the areas of the brain associated with learning or development?
What are some examples of sensory stimuli?
Did I harm my brain by taking risperidone for 5 months?
Has anyone ever had brain zaps?
What causes foci in the brain?
Can a larger vocabulary size allow one to have the same level of expressiveness for a lower working memory (especially as one ages)?
Does the hard problem of consciousness answer itself?
Is it possible to regrow brain tissue?
Why is the teenage brain not fully developed?
What scientific evidence is there as regards the theory that gestational hormones create separate male and female brain types?
Why is my brain slow?
How does long term antidepressant use affect the nervous system?
Do humans dream based on their day-to-day activities or based on what they think of while sleeping? Do we think in some way while asleep?
Why is receptor-mediated endocytosis highly specific?
Is there such a thing as everlasting consciousness?
Could it be that our brain is just an antenna for synchronizing our soul and our body?
What is the back right part of the brain called?
What field of study links dreams and neurosciences?
Do humans have the ability to prioritise some memories over others? What causes memories to not fade equally over time?
I think I suffer from post traumatic stress? What should I do to recover?
Can I still be an EMR if I have nerve damage?
What effect does being undersocialized and alone most of the time have on the brain?
Can you prove you are conscious or that your consciousness exists?
Can you explain active transport in nerve cells?
Is it possible to use our mind/brain as a tool for telepathy? Are there any future possibilities?
Is there a relationship between dopamine and obesity?
What is brain fog, and how do I get rid of this?
How can we sharpen our memory?
How can we figure out what is going in someone's brain about you?
Why are certain images more stimulating to the brain than others?
How can one enhance one's medial frontal cortex?
What is the typical ratio (concentration) of Tau protein versus Tubulin in axon?
What is the subtle difference between psychosomatic sensations and tactile hallucinations?
How should I exercise each side of my brain (separately)?
How does chocolate and coffee affect your brain activity (especially in the middle of an exam)?
How are big brains considered to be related to higher intelligence?
How do I stimulate my parasympathetic nervous system?
What head shape would theoretically be best for mitigating brain trauma?
Does the way of holding a pen affect our brain or mood?
I check my phone messages million times per day. How can I stop this habit?
Whenever I pass out, I hit my head. Not like I hurt my head in the process, but literally hitting my head multiple times. Why does this happen?
How does caffeine affect memory?
What are the conditions and environment for the longevity of a healthy brain?
I automatically visualize a sound without actually seeing it in front of me. Do I have synesthesia?
Is there a limit to the capacity of the human brain?
What happens to our brain if we stop thinking for 5 minutes every day?
How does the brain process foreign languages?
What type of depressants can cause you to shut your brain off?
Is the rhinocoel analogous to the temporal lobe of the human brain?
How can I connect artificial neurons to biological neurons to study their interaction?
If your memories were erased and you were implanted with false memories, would you still be you?
How do I handle a guy with no brain?
Is custard apple provides natural immune to cancer?
How many dendrites and axons are on a multipolar neuron?
Is my brain timing my sleep?
What 3 things shaped your perception of the world the most ?
What are the developmental challenges arising from binocular vision in mammals and developmental mechanisms involved?
Can a computer program or a gadget read human minds?
Thoughts come from vibrations, so is the mind similar to, let’s say, steal water?
If my brain visualizes information rather than understands it, is music a suitable profession for me?
Does soap kill the brain-eating amoeba?
What is the advantage of having low intelligence biologically?
Did I just lose a significant amount of brain cells?
Is there a way for me to go into the field of robotics and AI after a bachelor's degree in biosciences? Will going into neuroscience help?
How do the functions of dendrites and axons differ?
Are the motor neurons and speech neurons more connected in Italians?
Does running increase dopamine receptor sensitivity?
Can someone increase their level of variability in areas of the brain associated with learning or development?
How does the nervous system interact with the respiratory system?
What is the best materialist approach to the hard problem of consciousness?
Does the brain run on algebra?
Will it be possible to transfer our brain into a robot so we can live forever?
How prevalent are brain aneurysms among alcoholics?
Can the herb gotu kola stimulate the brains?
What cranial nerve provides sensation to the tongue?
How have you developed unconscious competence with your memory?
Can cat scratches affect the brain after 10-15 years?
How is a brain print used as a password?
How much (percentage) do we know about the brain?
What is the difference between an awake consciousness and a sleeping consciousness?
What are the causes of synesthesia?
Is there a way to unwire hard and soft wires from your brain?
How many parts does my brain have?
If consciousness existed as a localized “quantic field state”, could it somehow be linked to a hypothetical mathematical realm?
Why does my forearm hurt?
How does a 100% drug-free brain differ from one that has been under the influence of stimulants or depressants, in regards to its rational thinking?
How easy it is to install false memories?
Is the human brain infinite?
Does brain plasticity play a role in addiction?
What is the divided consciousness theory of hypnosis?
What if there were no languages, assuming that we humans could communicate in another way? How would we think and imagine things in our minds?
When we think about or remember a person, is there anything special happening in the brain vs. when we think about or remember anything else?
How can you practice space consciousness as per E. Tolle all day, as formal meditation is not a substitute for space consciousness?
Do different tastes activate different patterns in neurons?
What is different about the brains of pedophiles that causes their deviant behavior towards children?
Is there any way to make the nervous system produce more GABA?
Why do we denote impulse with 'J'?
Is there a way to reverse the damage done from accutane?
What kind of brain does the JEE need?
Do all humans have the same brain structures?
Is there any kind of song which can make our brain blank or simply hypnotise us?
What is the weight of elephant's brain?
How do the three neurons work together to bring about the action of reflex?
What will be the growth of the brain health supplements’ market?
How do you develop spatial memory?
If you could add one line to the source code of your brain, what would it be (your brain is using same variable and function names as you would)?
Is it true that porn and social media produces almost the same amount of dopamine as cocaine in our brains?
Can mantra meditation lead to dis-identification from the mind?
What is the science behind flashbacks?
How many hours should I study before my brain stops accepting information?
We know what "pleasure" looks like in the brain but what does "joy" look like? What is the physical evidence of joy?
Are digital drugs dangerous for the brain?
Do you think genetic engineering or cybornetics will allow humans to improve their cognition in the near future?
For people with synesthesia, how is it possible to see sounds?
Is it possible to use the visual cortex for mathematics and calculations?
What is the form of mind, intellect and consciousness? Are they independent of elements?
What academic degree should I get in order to control the minds and nervous systems of the people in the future?
Can drinking Listerine cause hallucinations?
What is the size of a single ion channel?
While we think, do we do any micro-movements with our vocal organs?
What is peripheral interface adaptor?
Does having extrapyramidal symptoms mean I have a damaged nervous system?
How do I remove junks from brain?
At what age do long-term memories start for the majority of people?
If two people, having two different brains, experienced the same electrical signals/inputs to the same neurons, would they feel different feelings?
How does the brain interpret relative distances while looking at 2D images on a screen?
What would be the use of consciousness without any memory?
What is the function of a multipolar neuron?
How are ideas stored in my brain? What is the biochemistry behind this?
Is there a place for a neurobiology/neuroscience undergrad in the tech world, such as Neuralink, AI, etc.?
If you die for 10 minutes, how likely would there be brain damage?
I overdosed on a bottle of dosulepin (a tricyclic antidepressant) about four years ago. In what ways might it have affected my brain and heart health?
Is there a big misunderstanding about what AI will be? Is there an algorithm to solve problems or be a simulation of the human brain?
How can improve dopamine or the power of dopamine?
Do short-handed people’s brain's "signals" reach their fingers faster? If yes, do they have an advantage in areas that require quickness, like music?
Could the brain gradually be replaced using 3D carbon nanotube circuitry?
Is it safe for a person with a brain tumour to walk her dog?
Would you have the same consciousness if you'd be born as another person, but in the same time? Or how does the consciousness develop inside of you?
What habits should I work on while taking antidepressants?
Is it possible to trick the brain into believing that it has gotten an adequate amount of sleep even though that is not true?
Is neuroscience helpful for working in computer science?
If, for years, you take a drug that affects dopamine in the brain and then start another one that also affects dopamine, will you even feel the effects of the new one?
What if a single neuron cell in your brain was replaced with another neuron that was made of antimatter?
What type of waves are used to check the brain?
I lost total control and feeling in my arm after prolonged resting on my elbow on a wooden desk while studying. Why did this happen?
Does the brain control when you die of old age?
What are the best evidence-based cognitive enhancers?
Can the amygdala be resected and or completely excised?
What are the biochemical changes that occur in Complex Post Traumatic disorder?
Why do I feel like I have maxed out my brain capacity?
What is the difference between the functional connectivity and the effective connectivity in neuroscience?
What does ‘brain’ mean?
Is it possible to have both aphantasia and a visual synesthesia?
How can one activate his or her pineal gland? Are there any yogic kriyas specific for this purpose?
What is the number of cells present in human brain?
What is another name for the fourth ventricle in the human brain?
What are some recent discoveries in the fields of neuroscience that explain the biological and physical properties of memory?
Has there been any breakthrough research for motor neuron disease?
What would possibly happen if we upload all available info into human consciousness?
What are the long term effects on your brain of playing video games?
How can we be so creative in our dreams, even though our brains are resting, and we don’t intend to think?
How brain processes electric impulses?
How can we run a garbage collector in our brains?
How do you explain invisible learning disabilities, neurological damage or autism spectrum to young children affected by these issues?
Does a midlife crisis change your brain chemistry?
If you had a chip in your brain that allowed a remote operator to control you, what kind of metal would you wrap your head in to block the waves?
Should I not learn a new language in fear that I might get Alzheimer's disease or have a stroke? Why or why not?
What is better, studying neuroscience or cognitive science?
What happens to the brain as we get older?
How do synapses know to only respond to a specific signal?
Do Fox News watchers get aroused when they see liberals upset?
Do all patients experience brain volume loss after taking antipsychotics for a certain amount of time?
When does memory consolidation occur apart from sleep?
What can cause a sudden loss of cognitive function as a teen?
How do we lose memories permanently?
Does a thought come into our mind? Is it proven scientifically?
Does understanding something improve our memory of it?
Is the life the matter of brain and words?
What are some symptoms of brain aneurysms and strokes?
Why do poets use heart for thoughts and feelings not the brain?
What’s the best way to prevent memory loss in menopausal women?
The symptoms of Lewy Body dementia wax and wane. If the brain is damaged, what explains the "wane" phase?
Why do people eat unhealthy food like McDonald’s when their goal is to be healthy? They know it's bad and they want to stop, but they don’t.
Does cannabis effect your pineal gland?
How split brain patient feel or respond when they are told that they have split brain condition?
Can you keep having breath-holding breaks to evolve your brain to last for longer times with less oxygen?
What happens to our brain when we space out?
Was Remus Lupin the real brains behind the Marauders?
If multitasking is said to lower I.Q., then how does playing the piano really affect the brain?
How do I keep the brain focused only to a certain things?
Does curcumin help to improve verbal fluency?
What actually happens in brain during Headache?
What is a brain tumour? How and why does it occur?
Is there a correlation between a larger brain and a more complex brain?
Which are the most powerful brainwaves for midbrain activation?
How does the brain rest, when we rest?
What are the general categories for Hz used in binaural sleep videos?
Our brain controls our whole body, but what controls our brain?
Would earpods work for binaural beats?
Could a coma/cryosleep get rid of/help epilepsy?
If someone you loved gets brain damage, and completely changed, would you still love them?
Which one does affect your brain positively: speaking slang or thinking positive?
When neural lace becomes a reality, how long before you can upload your brain / knowledge to the cloud?
How do l reprogram my subconscious mind to speak in English fluently?
Do all humans have different brain sizes and structures? If so, what changes does it create?
Why are distant memories sometimes indistinguishable from dreams?
How does going from the surface of the earth into space affect the operations of computers and human brains?
What is the weight of the largest brain tumor ever removed surgically?
What neurological diseases occur in teenagers?
Are childhood hallucinations simply a sign that the brain is growing?
How could Neuralink prevent a bad artificial Intelligence outcome?
What is the evidence that neuronal processing in the neocortex is modular in nature?
What exactly is going on in the brain when it is hypnotised?
What is the function of the right prefrontal cortex?
Would it be wise to get a brain scan to see whether or not I'm a psychopath?
If a person suffered a fatal brain hemorrhage, then how many days would it take for him to be normal?
How do we can increase our way to memorize something?
What is a sensory anomaly or perceptual oddity you have experienced?
Why do opposite sides of the brain control opposite sides of the body?
What are the differences between a normal persons brain and the brain of somebody with a photographic memory?
How do different parts of the brain influence our behavior?
Do I have nerve damage?
How many bits of processing power does our brain have?
If an artificial heart and an artificial brain are developed in the future, will it be possible to prolong our life span?
Is Sherlock Holmes' theory of limited memory (empty attic) true in certain cases?
What is the difference between a preganglionic and postganglionic neuron?
What is the difference between the rational brain and the primitive brain as we bridge emotional intelligence and neuroanatomy?
What are the permanent or irreversible damage caused by cigarettes?
Is the brain connected to the spinal cord?
What are the best colleges for advanced degrees in neurology?
What are the different types of cognitive distortions?
What is the neurological theory of emotion?
What is the difference between gamma rays and gamma brain waves?
We are not getting complete information about the brain. Why?
If dopamine is a reward, then why is too much released at once a bad thing?
If you lost your memory, to what extent would this affect your personality?
What's a general term for self-perceptions that aren't cognitive or affective, i.e., hunger, thirst, pain, fatigue, proprioception and similar?
What is repolarization and depolarization?
What is serotonin toxicity and how is it manifested?
Is consciousness portable?
Is it true tea helps with cognitive brain function?
I often wish to die as I don't see any meaning in my life. What should I do?
How can you recover from a stroke's facial droop?
Are there any maths that is beyond human brain capacity?
Will be there any brain loss after using risperidone for 9 months?
What's the mechanism behind the brain's 'decision' about what is funny and what is not?
Were school camps nerve racking for you?
Can babies feel stress?
What is a multipolar neuron and what are some examples?
What does the neural activity of the brain look like when a person thinks why he has consciousness?
Which famous people's brains have been investigated by neuroscientists, what did they learn from them?
How would you explain the development of the nervous system after you practice your sport?
If there had been no conscious subjective experience in the universe, how does that affect the progression of time?
If we could successfully transplant a brain, would that mean that the person’s soul would be transplanted too?
In meditation, your conscious awareness can observe your thoughts. What might this mean about the nature of consciousness and the human mind?
What are some real-life stories about actual experienced effects from trying to enhance the brain’s functions by exercise or other lifestyle changes?
Could it be scientifically possible to transfer our consciousness into robotic bodies?
What is sensory image characterized for?
How are neurons able to store memories?
Do our neural networks get "wired" in and then just mature over time and grow?
How does our brain work when we are angry?
How do we activate our subconscious mind to work?
It's hard for me to identify words when they have no real meaning but show up at the same time. Is this a brain problem?
Why don't humans have a greater capacity to store water?
To what extent do worldviews depend on brain and serum levels of serotonin, DMT, and so on?
If our brain uses 20% of our energy at rest, does problem solving or other mentally stimulating activities effectively increase our metabolism?
How does SSRI´s "fix" the brain on depressed or anxious minds?
Which parts of the brain are active while 1) studying and 2) while doing other work, like juggling?
How does meth exert its neurotoxic effects?
Do lombrics have a brain and central nervous system?
Why is there a tendency for psychology to be reduced to neuroscience?
Do all MMA fighters have brain damage? Are there any who retired without brain damage?
If brain training games don't work, is there anything that does improve brain function?
Is it healthy to laugh hysterically at all the 'Astral projection' questions on Quora?
If nerve fibres are myelinated, then how does the rate of conduction of impulses increase?
How can you study localization of function in the brain without advanced technology?
Did the Libet experiments show backward causation?
What should I do to start working in the bionics industry?
Could the use of anti-psychotic drugs interfere with the mechanisms that regulate dopamine synthesis and thus lead to excessive dopamine levels?
What are the drawbacks of an electric prostate stimulation?
Why does music have so much influence on the brain when plain noise could also do that?
Have you used CogMed or any online working memory applications/tools to increase very low working memory impairment for a person who also has dyslexia?
When will AI/ML be able to compose music to give a specific emotional response, based on the listener's connectome? What would this music sound like?
Is intelligence bound to genetics?
Why does the pineal gland calcify in some people but not in others?
What are some college-level textbooks on neuroscience?
Does playtime makes our brain better?
How do I increase the power of the right hemisphere of the brain?
What is the lowest part of the brain?
What disease causes loss of memory?
What is the best and quickest way for me to boost my brain activity?
Are there any safe drugs for distraction?
What if a tree had a consciousness?
Why are there so many problems in my mind and brain?
I'm doing a school project on the goat's nervous system. Is there anyone who has a diagram of it?
Does excessive use of cellphones damage our brains​?
How long after taking an anti-psychotic like Abilify will your brain go back to normal?
Is doing a PhD so difficult that it takes at least 6 to 7 years to complete?
What contains more information. The human brain or the human genome?
What is the best way to study neurology?
What happens to the brain when you listen to radio in comparison to watching TV?
Which one produces better results in fluid intelligence, Cogmed or Dual N Back?
If you could teleport yourself, is the brain fully adaptable, so it will understand what is happening, or would you go crazy?
Does cinnamon help the brain?
What, if anything do coma patients remember during that time?
Do procrastinators have different brain chemistry (in regions that determine motivation) than non-procrastinators?
Will moderate anemia for 6 months do permanent damage to the brain?
How do you train your brain to live with tinnitus?
Do all vertebrates have a centralized brain?
How many brain cells will I lose while reading Ken Ham's tweets?
What are the best books on neuroscience of anxiety?
How will psychology evolve over the next century?
The total of the brain has what area, including the folds?
What are the long-term effects on people who never apologize even when they are at fault?
What is the effect of drugs on the human brain?
How does neural lace technology work?
What are the functions of nerve cells in the brain?
What role does imagination play in creativity? How do they play out in the brain in order to write and finish a book of fiction (for instance)?
When would we be able to save information directly to our brains like a flash drive?
What is the prognosis of no oxygen to the brain for 20 to 30 minutes?
Does alcohol damage your intelligence?
How does the interaction of color affect brain GPS and/or auditory processing?
What is learning/understanding according to science, and how does it work in the brain?
How are consciousness, unconsciousness and memory related?
Does noise affect memory?
How do our brains organize information?
Should Aaron Hernandez’s brain be examined to see if it was damaged?
What cranial nerves are responsible for eye movement, and who do they control this process?
Do cells have a consciousness akin to our own?
What is the challenge to keep the brain sharp and build the body?
What are the similarities between the heart and the brain?
What are the recommended psychology and human behaviour books?
Where does the concept of a shared consciousness come from?
Does the visual cortex work harder during daylight compared to when it is in darker environments?
What everyday activities do people do that also shrinks their brains?
How can you describe the functions of the nervous system in animals?
How do woodpeckers repeatedly peck a hard surface without the g-forces damaging its brain?
What are some good exercises for enhancing short-term memory?
How does the thalamocortical radiations connect the thalamus to the cerebral cortex of the brain?
Could a brain scan help diagnose someone with depression?
What is the best way to increase storage capacity in the brain?
Does nicotine affect young brains in a bad way?
Has anyone had pain at the injection site after a nerve block?
What is a list of books for "whole brain thinking"?
In AI development, are evolutionary strategies ethical?
What is cognitive development?
How thought is different from thinking, and are both the processes not the product of memory?
Do you think that we have free will or not?
Does Neuro XR work?
Why is my brain getting slow and really forgetful lately?
How can I enhance my memory at the age of 20?
Is it possible to put consciousness inside a machine?
In what ways does MDPV differ from more traditional stimulants such as amphetamine / methamphetamine / cocaine?
What happens if the vagus nerve is cut?
Can known knowns, unknown knowns, known unknowns and unknown unknowns be ranked by their relative value?
What is the purpose of nerve plexus?
What do you mean by higher Consciousness and Supreme Consciousness?
Is twilight memory real?
What are the effects of constantly sparring in boxing without a head guard?
What are the must read cognitive neuroscience books?
Why are memories so different from reality?
In which ways other than the placebo effect have humans proven they can control their brain?
Is it normal for my brain to be noticeably slower, less focused, and less efficient when I'm sleep deprived?
Can meditation help cure brain diseases?
How would you design your life so that your brain ran at peak performance at 7 pm?
What effect does the chocolate produces on your brain and emotions?
Is it safe to have intercourse with an epilepsy patient?
Is it possible to become smarter from a head/brain injury?
What functions does the peripheral nervous system (PNS) serve?
Does narcissistic abuse cause memory loss?
What is pinch-off?
Is grey matter or white matter more important for IQ?
Is it possible to consciously think about two or more thoughts, ideas or words at exactly the same time? If not, why not?
What are the best universities for neuropsychology?
If whole brain emulation is not possible, what are the possible reasons?
Does large dosage of vitamin c have any effect on the brain or mind?
How can a person increase his or her brain capacity scientifically?
If 16GB memory containing pen drive will store only 14.3 GB, where is the remaining memory?
If dopamine is an inhibitory neurotransmitter and it inhibits the corpus striatum, why does a deficiency cause Parkinson's disease?
Has psychology been explained by neuroscience?
What sort of activities, supplements and protocols have been shown to cause the up-regulation of neurotransmitter receptors?
What does it feel like when you’re in a coma, and how does it feel when you wake up from a coma?
If one part of the brain is affected (let's say from bipolar or other mental disorders), then does it enhance the creative side of the brain?
What is a neural tube?
If consciousness creates reality, how can a camera register it?
How does the brain "calculate" the "average speed" of moving objects?
What in the brain or mind makes us who we are?
What is the brain fraid?
Is there any exam in the world in which we have to rely completely on our brain and not on our hard work?
How do brain cells come together?
Does forcing seizures stimulate growth in the neurological patterns they go through, leading to a lower required stimulus to trigger them?
What are the risks of having a bump on the occipital lobe?
What are effects of listening alpha wave continuously for hours?
Would a headshot victim feel pain?
Can I program my brain to suppress physical pain?
When did the human brain size increase?
If consciousness can be explained by existing physical laws, why don't we have a mathematical equation for consciousness, like we have for gravity?
If most language and logic parts of the brain are located at the left hemisphere, why is Einstein so good at math even though he's left-handed?
Is Alzheimer's just the brain becoming smoother?
What causes exactly, and what are the effects of hippocampal scarring? From puncture wound to laceration?
What parts of the brain are responsible for the "grounding" of oneself and variations in quality, quantity, etc.?
How can I change my subconscious mind to be more powerful and confident?
Can an external EMF (similar to the one in our brains caused by synced neural firing) if applied to an unconscious brain simulate consciousness in it?
How did the adoption of complex language affect human consciousness?
Can a clinical psychologist treat a brain tumor?
Short term memory loss recently, could it be due to my medicine?
What is the neuroscience of surprise?
Are people with borderline personality disorder more likely to become abuse victims?
Does human memory power decrease with age?
Does writing with your non dominant hand increase the size of your corpus callosum?
Does the brain have pain receptors?
How is early brain plasticity adaptive?
You're told a loved one is brain dead; do you have the plug pulled?
Why do we yawn? Is it to get more oxygen into our brain?
What kind of activities of neurons cause an “a-ha experience”?
What is the relationship between the heart and the brain?
What happens to the brain when you feel discuss?
Which foods are considered to make you smarter and improve your brain function?
Which school would be a better choice for a dual major in psych & bio: University of Rochester or Wesleyan? What about for neuroscience?
Why are neurons considered to be immunosuppressive?
Does anybody believe that brain signal reading technology is already being applied to the masses?
Why do I experience Deja Vu so much?
How can I train my conscience (the part of brain that takes decisions) to be 100% efficient?
As a baby, does our mind or our body produce consciousness and speech?
What role does memory play in our perception of time?
Is artificial memory wipe possible?
Where are the nonexistent memories we experience during déja-vù really from?
Is human memory important nowadays?
What is the purpose of diasporic conscious?
What is the difference between the somatic nervous system and autonomic nervous system?
How can my friend overcome damage to her brain caused by a car accident?
What is the difference between mechanism of consciousness and consciousness itself?
Are treadmills good or bad for sensory processing disorders?
What is the structure and function of the cerebellum?
Will there ever be an end to our need for computing capacity?
In primary microcephaly, is there any medical management for neurological enhancement?
Is it possible that this world is an illusion created by my brain?
How can you get rid of a poison that reached your brain by bloodstream?
What if all of you, all of history, the whole universe is just a dream I’m having in a coma?
Is it possible for humans to become somewhat like iBoy?
Does shaking ones head cause CTE?
Could a dog's brain evolve to be as intelligent as a human brain given millions of years or more of evolution?
Is programming a good choice for a visual spatial thinker (right brain) that loves anything technological (I have a construction background of 5 years)?
How long can we preserve the brain and spinal cord (attached) outside the body?
How are the different types of brain cysts treated?
Since our mammalian brain sorts friends and foes while the reptilian brain doesn't, how are reptiles able to sort out friends and foes?
Does the demon succubus/incubus folk belief have something in common with the insular cortex in the human brain?
What features of an EEG can be used for depression?
How important is neuroplasticity to brain-computer interfaces? Are there drugs that one can take to speed up the "installation" process?
Who found that the prefrontal cortex was linked to the regulation of emotions?
I titrated lamotrigine too fast before I read about potentially deadly rashes, what should I do now?
What are the top text books in medical or neuroscience on the subject of human memory?
What is the difference between Einstein’s brain and my brain?
How many MDs got their bachelor’s degrees in neuroscience?
Can giving birth permanently change the patterns of the brain?
What other sensory inputs do we humans have besides the iconic five (olfactory, tactile, optical, aural, and gustatory)?
How many electrons have to move in order to carry an impulse along the length of an average nerve cell?
What is the highest microwave frequency range that is capable of penetrating several cm into lossy water-rich media?
Is there any progress in measuring the quantites of neurotransmitters in the brain?
What is our understanding about memory?
Can you cause permanent brain damage by taking prescribed pain pills?
What does neuroscience tell us about venting emotions?
Why do our brain feel sluggish and lazy after overeating?
What is the neurochemistry behind the flow state? It seems to have some cortisol to get you anxious but also something else that doesn't freeze you.
How easy can damage to the Amygdala occur? Could repeated hitting your head against a wall above your ears cause brain damage?
What are your views regarding the statement "Lunacy is a stage of optimum consciousness"?
Does 9 months mild (index 8.3) sleep apnea do permanent memory loss or brain damage?
Which part of the brain is producing thoughts?
Why is dopamine a common neurotransmitter imbalance? What are other common neurotransmitter imbalances, and what effects do they have on behaviour?
Does post-traumatic stress permanently change the brain?
Could I imagine "colors" which I can’t see or which don’t exist? Could my imagination be separate from my visual perception?
If pain is a signal being sent to the brain, would vampires feel pain? (for a creative project)
How can I improve my reading ability if my brain is, according to a QEEG, operating as if it had a traumatic brain injury in the right temporal area?
What is an old well-corticated punctate ossicle?
What is iconic memory, and what is this experiment all about?
What anatomical process or feature creates consciousness?
How many percent of the brain can be used?
What behaviors and rules do neurons follow?
If a person's consciousness were taken and transferred into a robotic body, would that be the same person? How would he feel?
How can I stay situationally aware and conscious all day long?
Can neurology be an alternative to psychology?
Is it possible to have manic energy directed into a mental activity, say like a working memory test?
What are the tips to keep your brain active?
Which part of the brain is involved with memory?
Why can we hear some noise in our brain when we are alone?
In epilepsy, what makes you have seizures?
How can you describe the three parts of the brain?
How do neurons act as filters?
My brain goes numb when stressed. What causes this?
What is the effect of watching movies on dopamine release?
What is the difference between biopsychology and neuropsychology? Are they same?
What happens in the brain when someone no longer fears horror movies or roller-coasters?
Can alcoholism cause a brain aneurysm?
What function does cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) serve?
Which university is the best to study neurosciences (Edinburgh, Glasgow or Cardiff)?
How do you transcend the human brain? Or human nature?
What causes childhood epilepsy?
Is it possible that a CT scan can miss a brain tumour but a MRI will pick it up?
How many neurons are in the brain?
Is choreographing dances a way to stimulate your brain neurons? I'm a dancer and interested in all things brain health.
Why is it so hard to forget bad memories and experiences that have caused damage in your mind?
What are retrograde and anterograde amnesia characterized for?
Why does your brain escape to a subconscious reality or daydreaming?
Is there any difference between the head and the brain?
What are fluid filled cavities in the brain?
What are the consciousness equivalent of the physical entropic momentums for separation in the universe?
What happens in the brain of someone who hallucinates from a fever?
Which alphabet has an impact on human brains?
What are your experiences during auditory hallucinations?
What parts of the brain are activated when scratching an itch?
Which is preferable: the brain or the heart?
Neurologically, does long-term happiness even exist?
What is the sympathetic nervous system, and what function does it serve?
Approximately what percentage of the brain do we use, and why?
I find it almost impossible to change my ideas into actions? Is my brain functioning properly?
Is a brain without input essentially dead or does it generate signals on its own?
Is it true that most people who have had strokes have one bad enough to prevent them from forming memories afterwards?
How do people who don't believe in consciousness explain their own consciousness, or are they not conscious? Are their definitions for consciousness different?
With gene modification and a better understanding of the brain, could knowledge one day be planted and genetically passed on from one generation to another?
How does using Quora restructure your brain?
Would performing a non surgical procedure or stabbing the brain cause it major harm compared to other brain surgery procedures?
Does the spoon theory also explain how uppers work?
What will happen if 1 billion neurons work together at the same time?
Is it possible that the fillings we get as children could have affected the development of our brains somehow?
What is the function of an afferent nerve?
Heart is only a pumping organ. Why do we think that we can feel love from our heart when our brain actually does the work?
Does the brain produce different amounts of electricity in different people?
If you're open-minded, does that mean you have a hole in your brain?
Do neurons die away? Do new neurons come into existence?
Can split brain patients play instruments?
What could be a disadvantage of studying neuroscience?
What happens to our memories when we die?
How would you describe intricacies of human brain using computers as comparable?
What are the roles of the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems in male orgasm and ejaculation?
What are some implications of the possibility that the human brain is a machine?
Which EM frequencies can go several centimeters through the human brain?
Does porn cause memory loss?
What would happen after a successful brain transplant?
What are the different areas of the cerebral cortex and their functions?
Which is the more important organ: heart or brain?
What problems does AI and Machine learning helps in neuroscience?
Do we experience consciousness throughout multiple realities?
How do cone cells process the light that comes into our eyes in order to send an electric signal to our brains?
What is the neurological basis of volition?
Which part(s) of the brain interpret salience?
What is the main function of the spinal cord?
Is counting seconds subconsciously a thing?
Why do I have such low quality brain and genetics?
What are some neurological disorders?
What's the best brain hack you know?
Why is the binaural recording effect that can be experienced via headphones lost when listening through speakers?
What should I do about a migraine/epilepsy like state with strong headaches and a loss of consciousness?
How can you describe the function of the reticular activating system in our brain?
If neurons can change neurotransmitters, doesn't that mess up memories?
What is the function of a peripheral impeller?
How do brain cysts and tumors differ?
What are the functions of Gyrus?
With brain-machine-interfaces on the horizon (e.g. neural lace), is formal education now a waste of time and money?
Are the neural pathways of an older person different than a younger person?
Does happiness improve your brain's strength?
Why do I have so much difficulty using my brain?
Interested in human brain and engineering, what should I look into?
When will we understand how we "observe" consciousness and how it could be transferred without duplication?
When and why does an epileptic attack come on? Is there any fixed solution?
How do neuroscientists use their knowledge of the brain to improve their everyday lives?
What is a good up-to-date resource on neuroanatomy?
Is there a practicum requirement sheet to dissect a brain?
What makes the "hard problem of consciousness" so unexpectedly hard?
How is the frontal bone developed?
What is the scope of neuroscience? What jobs can I get after doing MSc neuroscience?
What are the ways in which multiple choices play with our brain?
Does listening to rock songs affect the brain adversely?
For schizophrenics, is the brain really making you capable of seeing things or does it just give you the idea of seeing things?
Why haven't we fully understand our brain?
What is the occipital lobe responsible for?
Are neurotransmitters stored in the terminal buttons or the axon?
Can meditation cure a chemical imbalance in the brain?
Can a dosage of 50mg of Seroquel a day be causing short-term memory loss?
How do I do a research about human brain?
What are the characteristics of a frontal boundary?
Can an antidepressant change your brain so much that you don't go for your exam?
What results in selective memory?
How do brains of different people (by professions) differ in MRI scan or something like it?
Why does LF reflect sympathetic nerves while sympathetic nerves increase the heart rate?
How can I reduce fear signalling in the amygdala?
What is episodic buffer working memory characterized for?
What can be an explanation for having a deja vu of a deja vu which at the same time tells you what is going to happen next, as if you already knew?
Does our brain's problem solving ability in studies (engineering for ex.) comes by birth or we need to develop it? I tried but no gain? What to do?
From depression to memory loss, what would you feel when even your father doesn't recognise you?
How does information enter the brain?
Are increases in rarity proportional to increases in cognitive ability on the IQ scale?
Should I go to NYU or USC for a neuroscience undergraduate degree?
Is there research on the brains of people who have unusual pen grip?
Can brain damage really give one a "Foreign Accent"?
When someone studies deep philosophical doctrines, do you think it can brainwash their original simple view on life?
How can short-term memory loss be cured?
What's in between conscious and unconscious minds?
What does the subclavian nerve innervate?
What are major strengths and weaknesses of the human brain?
How does texting affect our brain?
Does untreated depression lead to degeneration of neurons?
Does anaerobic training harm brain cells?
How can one avoid brain pain?
Is it possible to use our subconscious mind to control a digital device?
What is the cost of an MRI in Hyderabad?
How is a conditioned response different than an unconditioned response?
How can your brain generate positive vibes when you don’t have any hope in life?
Will we see some interesting things from Elon Musk's new company Neuralink by 2021?
How could I release dopamine while studying?
Which one is known as the brain of the cell?
If we could live 1000 years, will our memory capacity overrun?
Wikipedia says people rarely choke to death in motor neuron disease, they just stop breathing in their sleep. Is it true?
What could a person do with an extra 10 percent of their brain accessible?
What differences and similarities do ''being alive'' and ''being conscious'' have?
Why is the Babinski sign positive in the upper motor neuron lesion?
If deja vu exists, does that mean we are living in the past and not in the present?
Thoughts, where do they come from?
What are some recent advancements in the area of brain-computer interfaces?
Is it possible to take out a dead body's brain and control the body with a computer?
How do animals perceive music? Can we, as humans, appreciate music because we're used to listening carefully to sounds when we communicate?
What is the short term memory capacity?
Can false coughing be fatal during a brain hemorrhage?
Does bipolar limit your mental or cognitive abilities?
Is it a proven fact that consciousness is a physical thing?
Does marijuana increase dopamine levels more than nicotine does? How do you equate cigarettes with small blunts?
Will we eventually be able to hack into peoples brain?
Why do the nerves coming from the two cerebral hemispheres cross?
How does the visual system affect balance?
How does our thought system affect our surroundings and in what manner can we contribute to our social circle at large, being just a little element?
How do neural patterns work?
Do you ever feel overwhelmed and frustrated because there is too much information everywhere that your brain can't absorb?
Which part of the brain is responsible for high self control and vice versa?
Why can't doctors fix Steve Kerr’s cerebrospinal fluid leak?
Which is a better place for an internship in neuroscience? US or Europe?
How can you describe the function of the nervous system in humans?
How could non-invasive dry EEG be improved? How far do you think it could go with the right model/structure?
How do I use SPM8 for brain preprocessing?
Do other animals experience consciousness like we do, where they talk in their own heads?
Would a software model of the human brain be able to solve problems like a real human brain?
Is Quora making the perfect human thoughts database?
When suffering from paraplegia, some reflexes below the place of injury are still possible, but conscious movements are not. Why is this so?
What are physiological brain diseases?
What happens inside the human brain when a human falls in love?
What are the different types of cells in the nervous system?
Does Invega Sustenna (paliperidone palmitate) cause brain damage?
What are the dangers of installing AI into the brains of animals?
How deep is our understanding of unconsciousness?
How does the shaken baby syndrome (SBS) affect the brain?
Could a space faring alien lack consciousness?
If a chip that had recorded the brain imprint of one person is placed in another person's brain, will the 2nd person feel exactly same as the 1st one?
What is the right way to meditate to get a good natural high or euphoria while meditating in the sea?
What brain waves would be in use when a singer sings?
What are the best hospitals for deep brain stimulation surgery in Hyderabad?
If fresh blood and stimulation of the heart were given to a dead body, can we make it alive except for the brain?
Is complete recovery possible after TIA brain stroke?
How can the effects of sleeping very little be lessened?
What is hormonal stimuli?
Can antipsychotics cause permanent damage and affect brain function?
A young girl from India, an autistc savant, was able to read the mind of her mother. Do you believe that ESP is a latent ability buried in the brain?
What causes an underdeveloped frontal lobe?
What effect does temperature have on the brain? Could it benefit from liquid cooling like computers do?
How will engineers safeguard against the possibility of amputees with biomechanic arms choking themselves when asleep?
What part of the brain is responsible for propioception?
How does Brain to Computer interface involve artificial Intelligence?
Our mind changes our body language but does our body language change our mind?
Is there a physiological correlation between feeling tired (sudden low energy) and becoming quickly irritable/violent?
What is cerebral anoxia?
Why don't the pre-bottzinger neurons produce regular respiration?
Is strong AI more likely to be developed via merging the brain with technology than via pure machine intelligence?
How does music affect the brain and why is it so powerful? How come we appreciate different kinds of music?
What happens if prefrontal cortex is functioning poorly?
Are we the only conscious beings, or does the Universe have its own consciousness as well?
What would happened if your brain were sucked out of your ears or nose while you were still conscious and able to reason?
How are images and other things stored in brain?
Is there a research in human brain dump?
How much damage would be done to your brain if someone poked it really hard?
What are the autonomic nervous system's effectors?
What function does the corpora quadrigemina serve?
What are the branches on an axon terminal?
How do I control human mind function through magnetic waves?
What is the stream of consciousness in literature?
Is there any neurological basis to the feeling that you're being watched?
If you were to lacerate or puncture your hippocampus, would it then cause scarring and lead to amnesia and memory problems, etc.?
Why do auditory hallucinations happen?
If it is true that sounds and GPS share firing patterns in the brain, should sound play a role in the Heisenberg uncertainty principle? Or does it?
Are carbohydrates bad for your brain?
How does Tetrodotoxin affect the nervous system?
Has anyone in a coma whose MRI showed sporadic brain activity and whose EEG flatlined ever woken up?
Is there a way to chemically (artificially) induce love or at least the feeling of being in it?
Is brain atrophy treatable?
What is consciousness? Can it be destroyed?
Why do we need robots and AI when we have human brain? Is it because the human brain is not that smart?
Is it possible to swap two people's consciousnesses?
Why does the American public have such a short memory?
Do human antibodies reach the brain?
Does cracking one's bones actually cause damage?
How do agonist and antagonist neurotransmitters compare?
What are the layers of the skull and brain?
How many GPU cores would be needed to fully simulate all of the functions of a biological neuron?
What happens in the human brain that makes a human get attracted to the opposite gender?
How are the effects of meditation on the prefrontal cortex different from those of psychedelics?
Using 6 types of auditory stimuli (speech), how do I to extract EEG features to be used as inputs for a classifier where the output is a type of stimuli?
How does brain mapping change by doing mindfulness?
What is the effect of a thalamic lesion?
What kind of brain power/imagination is needed to create a movie like Avatar?
What high schools near Philadelphia, PA (preferably outside of the city) offer neuroscience classes?
Do doctors sometimes not tell you what they see on your brain scans?
Which elements help in transferring impulse in nerves and how?
In psychiatry, why can't we sample a tiny part of someone's brain in order to determine the composition instead of relying on what the patient says?
What shows that some sportsmen have poor memories?
Where can I learn more about direct brain interfaces?
How can we measure pain? I know that every living being feels pain, but how much? And secondly, do ants feel pain much more than us?
Does watching too much adult entertainment change your brain?
How quickly does amphetamine tolerance build?
What were the early experiments with the blood brain barrier, and how was the blood brain barrier discovered?
Can epilepsy be fully cured?
Is neuroscience technology a good career?
What's the state of our current understanding of the roles of neurotransmitters and neuropeptides in hunger motivation?
Is it possible to train the brain to delay mental fatigue?
What changes in the brain take place in learning a subject?
Can having less sleep increase cognitive efficiency?
What are sensory descriptors?
Can you injure your brain from a hard landing with no head impact?
Why does paclitaxel cause so much nerve damage?
Can brains be connected to form a super thinking machine that could make cool stuff?
Are there parts of the brain which are always turned on?
Would you want to have a better memory? Why/not?
In a left brain injury, which side’s pupil will dilate: right or left?
How does age affect sensory organs?
Will brain-computer interface technology be involved in curing or slowing Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia?
What happens to the brain of a comatose patient if given LCD?
What is more important, to have a strong and fit body or a clever brain?
Can diabetes lead to memory loss in adults or a person who has had it since they were young?
How can the brain read misspelled words?
Does the zuclopenthixol depot injection cause brain damage?
What diet is good for the brain?
What are the 4 lobes of the cortex?
How do antidepressants know where in the brain to release the medication?
If a 16-year-old girl binge drank once (5 shots in about an hour), vomited and passed out, would it cause irreversible brain damage or only if she continued to do that?
How can you fix chemical imbalances in the brain?
What happens to a brain-dead person after his vital organs are donated?
What foods or actions can I take in order for my brain to work at optimal levels?
Which neurotransmitter creates the feeling of truth in the perception of rality?
What would happen if we have two brains?
Which memories does the frontal lobe store?
I want to purchase ZTE Axon 7. Should I wait for Axon 8?
Could reality/matter be a result of consciousness, rather than consciousness being a result of matter/reality?
What neurological conditions can cause psychological disorder?
How do I rewire my brain to not allow myself to be controlled by a narcissist?
If humans have the capability to control their own brains, would a really advanced human be able to control others’ brains?
Can I erase all good and bad memories from my brain without pills or ECT?
Why we are not utilizing the best of our brain?
What are the options for postgraduate courses after completing a bachelor's degree in pharmacy?
How can I attach EEG electrodes permanently to my forehead without surgery?
Can you recover from the brain damage caused by smoking meth?
How does the brain recall memories? Where are they stored so they can still be recalled without cluttering the mind when not in use?
Can a new form of modern interactive dualism provide a preliminary solution to the binding problem of consciousness?
Are memories in the brain connected throughout the brain? How are they connected?
Can plopping your head into a firm pillow cause brain damage?
How can you describe the function of the spinal cord in the nervous system?
What is actually going on in the brain when we decide to use it - by focusing our attention, actively remembering something, etc.?
Can you cut off circulation to the brain by putting your head on your arm or desk and sleeping?
Do we undergo cognitive changes that make it easier to hear our own name in a crowd?
Do antidepressants change your brain?
Is it possible to make someone brain dead by administering carbon monoxide?
How does over pruning of brain synapses lead to mental illnesses such as schizophrenia and bipolar?
Why do video games affect your brain?
How do memories change from an accurate portrayal of events to something altered by emotions?
Is there a possible way to retrieve suppressed memories without a psychiatrist’s help?
How do I connect my computer with a human brain and install an OS on one’s mind?
What are the best foods/supplements to take to boost brain activity and understanding?
Does having the habit of not focusing on what you are doing slow the brain?
If I put my headphones on and block out environmental sound, I get anxious from hearing my own breathing and become conscious of it. Why is that?
How do we control which neurons to fire?
What are the causes of chronic brain inflammation?
Is there anyone trying to experiment to make people smarter, i.e., boost the brain?
How do electrodes record from and stimulate nerve cells?
What is the function of the brain stem?
Should we create superintelligent AI and merge it with our brain?
Brain stimulation methods and how do you feel about it?
Will AI change the evolution of the human brain?
Since it is poorly understood how the brain works, why are scientists so certain they've identified all the important physical parts and their roles?
If every thought has a unique neuronal pathway, does it mean we actually know everything but specific neuronal pathways haven't been taken yet?
How does human brain store information?
Could a human brain produce enough energy to charge a smartphone?
Is Canada a world leader in genetics or neuroscience?
Can your brain recover from caffeine use or abuse?
Would a genius or gifted person notice a 1 or 2 point drop in their IQ? How much does IQ have to drop for it to be noticeable?
I am making a lot of spelling mistakes lately. I am also misspelling words I usually know the spelling of. Should I be worried?
When does brain death occur after a heart stoppage?
Has a person ever used 100% of their brain?
How does the brain see images, photos?
Which types of brain-computer interface medical technologies might doctors and neurologists be most excited about?
Is the criteria of “adult” based on brain development, culture or politics?
How can I protect my brain during bouts of insomnia and sleep deprivation?
Is there a way to repair brain damage/ disorders?
How can you die from epilepsy?
What will happen if we use 50% of our brain abilities?
What are the prerequisites of cognitive neuroscience?
To what extent can I improve my brain’s memory capacity by eating recommended foods such as avocado?
What is the meaning of a partial D2-receptor agonist property of armodafinil?
Is it possible (and if so, how does one function) to survive if the connection between the two hemispheres of the brain is severed?
Out of the 8-9 types of intelligence which 1 or 2 do you believe is the most important/useful?
Can brain damage from tardive dyskinesia be seen on an MRI?
Can a person with partial short term memory loss aspire to become a doctor?
How does just connecting neurons in our brain create all of our brain’s functions and memory?
What is the neuroscience explanation of growth mindsets vs. fixed mindsets?
Why aren't we conscious of most activities within our bodies? Are they just on too small of a scale?
What is the cure for epilepsy in dogs?
What is the difference between Zen master Bankei's Unborn Buddha Mind and the autonomic nervous system?
What causes poor working memory?
Is everything we perceive consciously and unconsciously being saved in our brains? If not, how do people recall every incident when hypnotized?
How do I directly talk to my subconscious mind to complete a wish in a few minutes?
What does Seroquel do to serotonin levels?
What does an enteric nervous system control?
What causes brain aneurysms and strokes?
In the Circle of Willis, what are the 3 arteries going into, 6 arteries leaving, and 3 completing the circle?
How does autonomic nervous system control heart rate?
Does being addictive to Quora reduces creativity and capacity of my brain?
What causes brain fog during an exam? What is the cure for it?
Does epilepsy cause a loss of sensation down one side of the body?
Why do the canals of the brain increase in size at night?
Can the consumption of Parkinson's medicines like Pacitine and Amantrel affect the body movements along with memory loss?
How can a neuroscientist become rich?
How can you describe the major regions of the brain?
What happens to the sexual instinct in the absence of women?
Can a finance major get into the Stanford Neuro PhD program with an extensive research and lab experience and a compelling essay?
Why does everyone have different opinions, thoughts etc. while we all have a brain that almost works the same?
What is gray matter and its function?
What are the main methods that neuroscientists use to make sense of neuronal networks in the brain?
What is the effect of irregular sleep cycles on our brain?
Is there any research on asexuals and oxytocin?
Can we temporarily lose our ability to walk?
If a human body stayed alive after being split in half, which side would "see," or would both halves see?
Is it possible/likely that my being deprived of oxygen at birth caused my extremely low spatial intelligence? Is there any way to tell?
What are some characteristics of cholinergic agonists?
Is transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) therapy recommended?
Does such easy access to information affect our brain chemistry negatively?
What evidence is there that consciousness is anything other than biological?
Is it beneficial for right-handed person to learn left hand writing?
Do you support research on racial differences and HBD (particularly in cognitive abilities, IQ and personality traits)? Why and why not?
Is every memory you recall triggered by something?
Do people with advanced Alzheimer's disease or dementia realize or even care about the knowledge they've forgotten?
How are somatic and autonomic nervous systems similar?
Are a person's test-taking skills an accurate description of their intelligence?
What are some jobs that require the right-hemisphere brain?
What parts of the brain make up the cerebral cortex?
Is flow (state of mind) a type of divination?
What does a motor cortex control?
What is the best software for local field potential processing?
What is a scholar in the light of neuroscience?
What is the meaning of multiple small, periventricular, high parietal, deep white matter lesions (hypo-intense in T1W1 and hyper-intense in T2W1 and flair)?
Can a head or brain injury have no consequences?
If consciousness wasn't a product of the brain, how would we go about testing that?
How are smartphones impacting the human brain?
What are the ways for me to harness my subconscious mind?
I had brain mapping done today and am starting sessions soon, but I am quite nervous about it. Is neurofeedback safe?
What are some benefits/harms of marijuana on brain?
In amyloidosis, how are intracellular amyloids easy to clear than extracellular amyloids?
What activities does an undergraduate research project in neuroscience consist of?
Is there any miniature model of human brain built in c#?
How can I get started in brain computer interface?
Which part of the brain is the most the important one?
Can teenagers with brain injuries become themselves again?
Can a higher dose of chemotherapy treatment cause a permanent damage to a man's fertility?
If the brain is responsible for how we perceive reality, how do we know what an abnormal perception is?
How much information can the human brain process in real time?
Is the brain necessary for stereotype work?
What are the differences between the brain of a normal person and the brain of a depressive person?
How does anger affect the brain?
How is Sanjiv Malik's mid-brain activation program for adults? Does it really work? Are there any testimonials available?
Are nootropics valid cognitive-enhancing drugs?
Does cocaine carry dopamine itself, or does it only inhibit dopamine reuptake?
How do you deal with all the amount of information available on internet?
What would happen if someone else's cerebrospinal fluid got in a cut on my hand?
Is it normal after a couple of years of reading a short story to forget the plot and how it ended?
Why did not we preserve the superhuman Ramanujan's brain for study?
What we can see from brain imaging?
What is collateral circulation in the brain?
How does one recover from cognitive brain damage such as the ability to solve problems quickly after long-term usage of antidepressants?
Does your brain get hot when you think too much?
Will we replicate the brain before the body?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
Can we implant Google into our brains to make it a part of our thinking?
Are nosebleeds a sign of something bad if you already have brain tumors?
Why don't the memories fade?
What exactly happens to your brain day by day week by week month by month when you quit smoking?
Can I have my body or atleast my brain frozen to be unfrozen later and brought back to life later? If so, how much would it cost?
How close are we to knowing what someone is thinking by precisely measuring what neurons fire when in the brain?
If dopamine is not the cause of 'pleasure', then what is?
How is praying to god and the manifestation of work and our subconscious mind all connected?
Is there such a thing as free will, or are our decisions, thoughts, and things that we will say tomorrow or in the next 40 years predicted like a timer in brain?
Why is memory considered not a matter? Memory occupies some space in our brain and that space has some mass. So, why is it not a matter?
How are neuropsychiatry, neuropsychology and behavioral neurology different?
Wonderlic Cognitive Ability Test - what's the best way to practice?
According to the integrated information theory, if I created a perfect software model of the brain and put it in a simulation, would it be conscious?
Why does the phrenic nerve begin in the anterior scalene muscle?
What do you think it would be like if the entire internet were downloaded into your brain?
What effect does music have on humans?
Is there any medicine for memory loss?
Can you define consciousness?
With intelligent machines to do the thinking, will our brains get lazy?
Which kind of job would a neural engineer actually do?
Math does not require a lot of brain power, but physics needs a lot of brain power. Am I right?
Is it possible to make a very small EEG machine?
Can I overload my brain with information?
Can listening to this binaural beat be dangerous?
What goes on in your nervous system during a brain freeze?
What happens in neurons when we store and recall memories?
Does the brain have algorithms?
Which part of the brain works more, left or right?
How do synapses store memories?
Does brain working recursive therapy (BWRT) really work?
If humans could take a drug that extended life indefinitely, would their brains run out of room for memories?
What is the thickest cutaneous nerve of the body?
Does cause and effect work in the brain?
What caused big brains in humans?
What is your experience with the power of the subconscious mind?
What is the most badass thing about neuroscience?
How would humans react if the heart and the brain exchanged places?
What are your thoughts on magnetic brain treatments for people with BiPolar disorder?
When will we be able to digitize the human brain/transfer human consciousness?
What is meant by brain death? Is it scientific or is it spiritual?
Does depression cause your brain to be untidy?
How do signals from different types of cones in the eye differ from each other?
What happens in psychopaths’ brains when they meet the person who will become their spouse? What happens when they first see their children?
What does your brain look like when hypnotized?
Is there a correlation between larger heads and larger brains?
Have you ever experienced deja vu? How do you see it now?
Is there any problem in dreaming greatness?
What do you call it when your brain skips time?
How could an animal handle having more than one brain (and/or six legs)?
So I accidentally slept with my phone on the right side of my head (around the temple). Should I be worried about brain cancer?
Is it possible to have consciousness without metabolism?
Learning the tricks v.s. discovering them, which one is better for my brain?
If you could enhance your brain 10,000% but be a brain in a jar, would you do it?
In the war between the heart and the brain, why does the brain always win?
Could getting a C+ in physics in college ruin my chances at biochemistry/neuroscience graduate programs? I'm worried because it's part of my major.
Theoretically, if we fully mapped every detail of the human brain down to atoms and pathways, could we treat socio/psychopathy knowing the true causes?
Are the degenerative characteristics(death of brain cells) of high impact contact sports accelerated in case of an already existing depression?
Does the heart produce a magnetic field? If so, then why? And how can we measure it?
What can one do to increase the airflow in the brain and reduce insanity?
If our brains don't fully mature until the age of 25, how can we be held fully accountable for anything until then?
Can returning back from a gamma state cause a TBI, a.k.a. a traumatic brain injury? What is the longest time this state could be held?
Is manic intelligence "a thing?"
Do our brains forget everything we have studied?
How long does PCP induced insanity last? Or does it cause a permanent damage?
Does reading a lot improve any cognitive functions except reading, writing and vocabulary?
What's the evidence base for the effectiveness of vitamin E in menstrual migraine prophylaxis?
Are consciousness and subjectivity the same thing?
Why can't the human brain comprehend there's no end to the skies as we see them?
When one's thoughts appear to be coming from "someone else" in one's head, which part of the brain malfunctions?
Does too much screen time damage the brain?
What's going on in my brain when I start to fall asleep in the middle of the day and immediately start dreaming?
At birth, what are the neurological differences between human males and females?
Can risperidone shrink your brain in three months?
Can you be disabled if meth has permanently messed your brain up?
What does it mean when you go somewhere and swear that you have been there before (deja vu)?
How can the discrepancy in interpretation of neuroreceptor binding potential be resolved?
What would happen if you had half of your own brain and half of someone else?
How do cells in the central nervous system know to properly connect themselves to neighbors, when developing as an embryo?
How would a hyperostotic growth about 1mm in diameter on the sphenoid affect the nerves of the supraorbital fissure?
Do most people lose all of their memories and knowledge in their life?
Are song lyrics stored in different areas of the brain, compared to other memories?
What are the requirement for attending a transcranial magnetic stimulation course?
When do the two brain halves grow together?
How do the motor nerves work?
What major should I choose if I'm planning on going to medical school?
What's your favourite colour of grass?
Does the left and the right side of the brain equally work?
Can we improve problem solving by connecting synapses in the brain with multiple paths, using all of the senses?
What is "pruning" in the human brain?
How active is the prefrontal cortex during mindfulness meditation? Is it constantly active in the attempt to ward off other thoughts?
Is it true that the brain limits the muscles, and that we actually can lift cars? In that case, how can this be achieved?
Is Elon musk's new project Neuralink possible?
Could measuring the electrical impulses in the brain while someone says something to themselves in their head be used to text a message?
Can upper motor neuron lesion cause hypotonia as in some cases of meningitis and encephalitis? Or is it limited to cerebellum only?
What are the functions of nerve cells in the skin?
Is it possible to feel the activation of different parts of the brain at their physical locations?
What if our brain remembered everything we saw or heard without being fried?
How do specific meditation techniques train the brain in different ways?
What would happen if the structure or the distribution of a tree's branches and leaves (e.g., a bonsai) were similar to the distribution of neurons in the brain?
With a neuroscience major, should I go to NYU, USC or Cal Berkeley?
Can a brain dead patient survive without a ventilator?
Waht is the reason for bad memory?
Which classical music affects the brain the most, and how?
Should I use my brain more?
What does blood do in the brain?
What are your thoughts on the neural lace?
Can I leave the nervous system in the bio ICSE 2017?
What causes my brain to make tunes out of monotonous tapping?
Do different languages affect cognitive thinking differently?
Can we really see through objects if we use all 100% of our brain?
Do autistic people have a "hidden IQ" due to their cognitive abilities being limited?
How do the main and secondary memory work?
Why does RTMS (Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) treatment costs vary so much? In Delhi, it ranges from 200 INR to 6,000 INR per session.
How many nerve endings are in testicles?
What books can I read to expand my knowledge about how the brain physically works?
When does self-consciousness start in a child?
What medication helps with restlessness and twitching with a brain tumour?
Would putting tinfoil on my windows help keep the radio transmissions from reaching my brain and inserting command hallucinations?
What is parenchymal lesion in chest?
How can I get a healthy brain?
Do chemicals like psilocybin and LSD positively impact neuroplasticity?
Can our mindset have an impact on our physical performance?
Do all people have the same type of brain?
What can Neuralink accomplish?
How important is the subconscious mind in helping us achieve more?
Can therapy help everyone? I think I messed up my brain but I want my previous ambitions back.
Is there a way I can evolve my brain?
Why does my brain not understand equations?
Are the receptive fields of retinal ganglion cells encoded in our genes, or do they develop with exposure to visual stimuli?
Is it possible to get accepted into a master’s in neuroscience with a bachelor’s degree in communication engineering?
Do impulses exist?
According to neuroscience, is "self" a sort of hierarchical synthetic unity of experiences or is there some "I" who's uniting experiences within it?
Is the mind formless? Is the brain the same as the mind?
On a neurological level, what makes us have different tastes?
Can certain thoughts or ideas actually change your brain chemistry?
What are three factors that affect the nervous system when playing sports?
How can I find out which part of my nerve system I damaged and if it is reversible?
Does Grade 3 Microtia affect the brain growth?
May being mindful throughout the day be as effective as formal meditation (in terms of brain changes)?
What is “brain mapping” for students in medical science?
What is the conscious and subconscious mind?
Can PFO tunnel have any causal relation with micro ischemic changes in the brain that lead to syncope?
Why does the neurotransmitter used to stimulate the receptor matter? Why does there have to be more than two neurotransmitters?
What happens if you lose your subconscious?
How do I improve my brain to learn new thing quickly without headache?
Why are electronics bad for your brain?
What does a lifelong emotional pain organically do to one's brain?
How do thoughts come to our mind/brain? Has it been proven scientifically?
What are examples of neurons?
How does brain create new personalities (people we have never seen in our wake time) in our dreams? What causes their appearance in our dreams?
Can a pinched nerve cause Meniere’s symptoms?
What are the reasons for insufficient blood supply to brain?
Based on research, what are the proven signs that your brain has fully developed from teen to adult?
How do scientists study the functions of the brain?
What function does the right frontal lobe serve?
What will happen if we connect the brains of 2 humans in series in a biological way?
What happens to our brains and bodies when we are attracted to someone?
What are some regular things people do which in the long run reduce the abilities of their brains?
What are some examples of synesthesia and subjective exaggeration?
How can you describe the function of astrocytes in the brain?
Will brain-computer interfaces become the next tech trend? (April 2017)
Why don't BCI-created stimuli go the wrong way?
Why is the heart called the centre of emotions when it is known that all emotions originate in the human brain?
What is the difference between the human brain and a computer?
What are the risks of an induced coma?
Why is it that a teenager's frontal lobe does not reach its maximum development until 25?
As we know that nerve impulse is in form of electric impulse so is it possible for us to manipulate it?
What is a brain hemorrhage?
Do thoughts come from our brain? Is it proven by science?
Can any hormonal combination simulate similar thought/feelings as being in love? (Artificially).?
How much knowledge can a human brain store?
Does our memory define us?
How would transferring human consciousness to an artificial substrate (mind uploading) actually work?
Why don't people build up tolerance to the pleasure caused by eating delicious foods?
What would happen if you block a sensory neural pathway and how would it effect you as an athlete?
How does the brain continue to develop throughout a person’s life?
Is there a link between Alzheimer’s and epilepsy?
Does "regular" memory affect long-term muscle memory?
What does neuroscience tell us about the issue of free will?
How do genetic memories work?
What does "stabilising cue-related activation patterns" mean in simple terms?
Which well-known men suffered from epilepsy?
Latest research shows that microtubules in brain cells exhibit resonance and may explain consciousness; what's your opinion?
What are the differences and advantages in using doublecortin or BrdU for counting and labelling new neurons in the hippocampus?
Caidin envisioned brain-prosthetic interfaces in '72. Johns Hopkins researchers created something close in '16. How much longer until it's mainstream?
Is there any way I can significantly improve my reading ability? My brain doesn't struggles to reliably process the meaning.
A neuron takes in information, processes and relays the assimilated information. Doesn't a galaxial barycentre do the same- celestial super neuron?
Are we conscious outside our consciousness?
What is the best way to get through to people in a coma?
Would the neurotransmitters in your brain ever be able to come back to normal levels after chronic meth use?
What are some games that serve as a good way to pass the time as well as increase your brain activity?
Can we detect an aneurysm with a brain scan but without injection?
Have you ever noticed your conscious and subconscious mind?
How can the brain experience the same dream its simultaneously creating?
I got a non contrast MRI. Could they have missed a brain tumor if I had symptoms for a few months?
What are G protein-coupled receptors?
What characterizes presynaptic neurons?
What are some activities for children to improve brain development?
What is the mystery of consciousness?
When does dissociation become unhealthy?
Is it possible for one's dominant side of the brain to change?
Why do eyes point in a direction when thinking?
How much damage does a stun gun do to the brain and body?
What are some examples of neural mechanisms?
What is the main cause of epilepsy and its remedy?
Why is there an end artery in vital organs like the brain?
Is consciousness truly of a different character when compared to other things in the physical world?
Can you actually brainwash someone? If so, how?
What is the most interesting thing about human brain?
Why are we able to distinguish between our past memories and current self, but not between dreams and reality while we are in them?
What is subconscious mind? Is it possible to control it by training?
If our thoughts are just electrons passing through our brains and sending informations. Can we control thoughts just by means of electrons?
Is the mind inside or outside the body & do we use the brain or mind to think?
How can an ENFP develop sensory, thinking and judging functions?
What is the effect of drug abuse in a brain?
What are good post-graduate level courses and colleges in India and outside India for studying cognitive and computational neuroscience?
What kind of computer-like tech would it take to make an exocortex (an artificial extension of the human brain)?
Can you train an artificial neural network to train an artificial neural network?
Can I listen to binaural beats when I'm sleeping?
What does consciousness really mean?
How much do we actually know about the brain and how it works?
What is the pituitary gland's function in the brain?
Is inactivation of h5-HT7 serotonin receptor by risperidone really permament?
Which is the best hospital for neuroscience and spine surgery in Gurgaon, Haryana?
What's the assumption of electrophysiology study in neuroscience?
What can studies disclose about the human brain?
How do you deal with a person who feels like banging your head against a wall?
What resolution information can we get from the current brain computer interface?
If the brain is replaced slowly, part by part, with computer hardware, would you still be you, with the same continuous consciousness and not a copy?
How can I undo the effects of telling somebody my goals?
Are these stories of 'sudden savants' true or just hoaxes?
Can we assume that in AI there is a critical mass of knowledge, that when reached, the AI is able to "think" on its own?
Can the brain work normally if one jugular is blocked?
Are brain areas involved in emotion for art or spiritual beauty the same for emotional responses during the recognition of beauty on a human face?
Nature is infinite and our brains are not, so how can we understand nature?
What neurotransmitters play a role in OCD?
What ways can memory be suppressed?
Do you think that brain implants, A.I., and the singularity will eliminate higher education and student debt?
What is the neurological basis for empathy?
Why is a neuron not the longest cell?
Is there a device I can use at home that scans the brain?
What's the average distance between the human heart and brain?
Does astral planes exist somewhere?
My biology instructor stated that neurons do not regenerate nor form new connections. I'd like to think I am living proof that they do. Is she wrong?
How does the brain create purpose or meaning ?
What causes potentially positive changes in temporal lobe brain activity?
Is an artist's brain healthy by clinical standards?
Comparing it to the old, printed Encyclopaedia Britannica of, say, the 1990s, how much data can the average adult human brain store?
What does the right temporal lobe control?
Transcranial stimulation uses electromagnetic forces to manipulate brain activity, so why can't consciousness be a pool of information in EM form?
My brain always tries to find something to worry about, how can I change this?
Why do some brain lesions have no symptoms?
What is the nursing diagnosis for white matter disorders?
Does the positive and the negative thinking depend on our brain or on our surrounding?
Can alpha brain waves work on dogs?
Are human brains inherited?
Does pain cause releasing of cortisol?
Can long-term use of ADD drugs cause brain damage?
How is the back propagation algorithm implemented in the brain?
What is the highest possible EM frequency that can penetrate deep into the human brain?
What do neuroscientists, psychiatrists, and neurologists think of Dr. Caroline Leaf?
Which type of juice is beneficial for the brain?
Are all human thoughts flawed?
Does hanging/standing upside down actually diverts more blood to our brain thus causing us to feel more energized?
What comes first - the postsynaptic specialisation or the presynaptic terminal?’
What kind of lifestyle will make us feel that time passes very quickly?
If our brains had a completely efficient, happiness-seeking chemical auto-regulator that’s always on, would we be able to experience sadness?
How do train your brain to make words flow when giving a speech, knowing you are a bit nervous?
If the soul does not exist, how does deja vu happen?
Does NAC (supplement) produce immediate cognitive effects?
Why do neurons cause different experiences in different areas of the brain?
Can SSRI induced hypomania become permanent?
How can I erase someone from my memory?
I know how synaptic pruning works, but I haven't really been able to find any examples of the affects of it. What do we lose in the process?
Can the FP1 electrode alone be used to classify left vs. right hand movements?
How can an underdeveloped frontal lobe affect a human being's life style?
Can you train your brain to feel more empathy - emotional empathy as well as cognitive empathy?
Can you take medicine to improve memory?
How do you restore your intelligence and memory from the effects caused by THC?
Why am I getting a headache when talking to another person?
What are some mind-blowing brain-computer interface technologies that are already being developed?
Could a neuron have evolved based on Li+ and Na+ gradients instead of Na+ and K+?
I have a chunk of dead neurons in my brain. I have motor skills, speech, working and short memories. How can this be true?
What are some examples of the auditory ossicles?
How do I boost my memory?
What treatment is recommended for nervous system disorders?
How much does the brain attenuate a GSM signal when it is passed through it?
What is the way to use the right brain?
Is the removal of an oasteoma from the cerebellum protrusion considered brain trauma?
Can autism be identified through brain scans?
What’s the relation between the sympathetic nervous system and thirst?
Is blurry vision caused by brain tumors constant?
Are benign brain tumors hereditary?
Does electrical kindling considered as chronic temporal lobe epilepsy model?
Does meditating to gamma, beta, alpha, or delta waves increase your I.Q.?
What is your review of Eidetic Memory?
Does the bug in fMRI (discovered last year) mean that the studies on brain activity could be wrong? How could the data be used in a research paper?
What is neuroengineering?
Do all mammals have deja vu?
How can Zoloft lead to memory loss?
Is personality stored as memory, or is it determined by brain make up, genetics, etc.?
What should I do about the fear of having a stroke and losing the languages I knew and this fear preventing me from learning a new language?
Is there a generally agreed upon definition for consciousness?
What is it called when somebody can see through your eyes, control your nervous system, and communicate from a distance?
Why is the stomach known to be the second brain in the human body?
What is the difference between the Racine 1972 and Ben-Ari 1985 scales for monitoring spontaneous recurrent seizures in animal models on epilepsy?
What is possibility thinking?
Can a positive EEG occur and not be epileptic?
Is there anyone who can control our brain?
If you had the ability to erase one bad memory from your mind, what would it be?
Do cannabinoids produce dopamine?
Why can't we solve any problem with cognitive neuroscience modeling?
What is the treatment for microangiopathy in the brain?
A friend of mine OD'd on Xanax and cocaine. Will he have brain damage?
Is there any biological basis or neurological basis for why every human being likes some type of music?
What would be the World like if humans developed the technology to transfer the consciousness between people?
What would happen if an average neuron had (only) 100 dendritic spines and an equal number of axon terminals?
Is it possible to make a culture of neurons?
Can repeatedly scratching and tapping one’s forehead firmly damage one’s brain?
What do you think of meditation? Can a person with extreme practice of meditation gain control over involuntary bodily functions?
Can I control my subconscious mind by listening to audio files while sleeping?
What will be the knowledge of a person who lost his memory?
How does one reconcile a growth mindset with the inability of fluid intelligence to increase over time?
How do consciousness and perception relate?
Is there a way for a human brain to directly interact with computers?
Can we transplant human brains into machines?
How effective is Huperzine A?
How does 396 Hz or 639 Hz work to change the brain?
Is a brain tumour always fatal? Or can it be cured?
Do learning models of the cerebellum explain ataxia, the loss of coordination?
Medicine and Healthcare: Can persons recently diagnosed with FTD function independently without the risk of getting lost or putting himself/herself in danger, or would she/he require constant monitoring to ensure safety?
Is levomethamphetamine neurotoxic?
Is it possible that the hard problem of consciousness has a simple answer?
Can The brain cause slow motion?
How can one become a neuroscientist?
How do you describe the main division of the nervous system?
Even though alcohol is a depressant, how come some articles claim some are less depressing than others?
Is football worse than boxing for the brain?
In the human eye, where is the action potential first generated?
Has a brain transplant been attempted? What are its complications?
How do you compensate for having a terrible working memory?
Does heavy exercise affect our brains?
What happens to my visual cortex if my eyesight is lost? Does it degrade?
What is the relationship between the structure and the function of a neuron?
By the time the first symptoms of Alzheimer's disease show up, how much damage has the brain sustained?
When we see (imagine) things in our head, how does our brain form these images? Are they really there, like images made of tiny particles?
How does unschooling affect amygdala size?
Why do we need to revise everything that we want to put into our memory for a long-term? Is there an easier or other ways to memorize something?
What are, if any, the changes in/ f brainwave frequency/Y in dementia cases?
How can I be sure that I do not have a brain tumour?
How much time does it take to control your brain’s subconscious mind?
Can I recover brain cells?
What neurological effects take place when an amputee loses their dominant hand and has to learn how to write with the other?
My parents raised me very sheltered. I'm more important to people than they are to me. I don't care about people. How do I change this?
What's the best way to die so as to leave your brain to science?
How long does diazepam suppress the nervous system?
What would a person's brain be like if they didn't experience synaptic pruning at all?
Can magic mushrooms rewire my brain permanently or expand my consciousness by letting my mind understand concepts I previously didn't understand?
Why are humans not able to use more than 10% of the brain's cranial capacity? Is it an end to human brain evolution?
Could a brain which is a holographic image produce consciousness?
Why are there certain configurations of atoms that give rise to consciousness, and could a computer experience them too?
How can the peripheral nervous system be divided into?
Does thought come from our brain? Is it proved in any way scientifically?
Do more intelligent people tend to be more depressed?
How can I stop my brain from filling in the blanks?
If the self is an illusion, is there any reason to care more about my own future well-being than other people's well-being?
Do sleeping parts of the brain have waves?
If our brains don't fully mature until the age of 25, how can we be held fully responsible of anything until then?
What are some causes of BIOS damage?
Has anyone ever been in a coma? If so, do you remember anything from it?
Does sugar have a good effect on the brain?
How does our brain learn good (healthy) and bad (unhealthy) habits?
Do all transgender people get a brain scan?
How do pictures​ affect our mind?
How helpful really are supplements for your brain, and are they safe?
How can I activate gamma brain waves without meditation or drugs?
Does prednisone affect the intensity of T2WI lesions on an MRI?
How can you remove an image in your subconscious mind, in how affect on you to look at things?
Does Facebook scan peoples brains?
Is it easier to preserve "continuity of consciousness" or to "transfer memories" upon mind-uploading?
What is the function of agonist and antagonist neurotransmitters?
Can you suffer memory loss from domestic abuse?
Will we ever have medications that can start neurogenesis in all brain regions?
What is the best food for the brain, in only one word?
Does information and knowledge disappear if our brains disappear, or does knowledge get encoded in our atoms and remain as an existing part of the universe?
How can I learn to apply my brain to everything I do?
Would you need to have a really good working memory in order to be really good at long term memory?
What are osteoblastic lesions?
What is the impact of high stress levels on a toddler's brain development?
Are geniculate fibers visible macroscopically in brain tissue?
How can I undo the neutralisation of pleasant experiences by the brain?
How early does sciatic nerve pain start in pregnancy?
Can people be traumatized and get PTSD from their hallucinations?
Has anybody written a top-down, all inclusive, layman's guide to everything that the brain does?
What is the scope of MSC neuroscience?
How does one choose a lab to volunteer at?
Is brain uploading possible?
What is the classification of EEG frequency bands?
How do I restore the limb and arm movement after brain stroke?
Is there any way to avoid neuronal cell death in Down Syndrome?
Are the nervous system and sense organs enough to feel anything and everything all around the body?
Why do we assume that consciousness is located in the brain?
Can a normal person have a brain that thinks like Baniyas’?
My ex was an alcoholic for 40 years, liver damage and inner demons. He found Christ, but something is still wrong. Could he have brain damage?
Why do some people have left-brain dominance, but they are average in everything, even in math?
Which disease is more negatively affected by caffeine and sleep deprivation, schizophrenia or temporal lobe epilepsy?
How much memory does the brain have?
Is there any relationship between the size of a brain and its capabilities?
Can grey and white matter of the brain regrow?
Why does megaloblastic anemia cause hallucinations?
Can someone become a psychopath at a later stage in life? Considering the fact that our brains develop throughout our lives.
Should I use methamphetamine to fix my brain?
What are the parts of main memory?
Is it reasonable to distinguish psychological and physiological causes of anxiety?
What are the chemicals that the brain uses when someone is in love?
Is there any evidence to suggest that consciousness could exist outside the body?
What the effects of food on the nervouse system and the cognitive abilities for children with special needs from medical & educational point of view?
In an action potential, what restores the resting membrane’s potential post-hyperpolarization?
Are similiar memories close to each other in the brain?
How are visual memory stored and retrieved in the human brains?
Is it possible to live happily with a wandering mind?
What research has quantified the information processing necessary to carry out observed behaviors of prey acquisition and predator avoidance?
Why should we not all think of humanity instead of thinking our own faith, creed or synonyms​?
Does the MBTI psychological sequence of sensing, intuition, thinking, and feelings have any influence on brain neurology and human perception?
How do our brains compare between memories?
Do any other species, other than humans, also have cerebrospinal fluid to protect their brain?
How can I get medical help for my father with Alzheimer’s/dementia? What can we do to bring about his memory?
Is it possible to transfer a human memories to other human brain?
What's the biology and neuroscience behind facial emotional expressions?
For those with grapheme synesthesia, what do you see in vision tests?
What is the process of experiencing a sense through nerves?
Does the sun have more electrical activity than the brain?
Does it take 3-4 days for the food we eat today to reach the brain?
To what extent to do micrometeorites cause damage to satellites?
Can we do an M.Sc in neuroscience after a BDS?
Does distilled water help dampen the voltage associated with hyper-excited brain activity and precipitated symptoms by depolarizing neurons that the absence of Cl- ions would normally be doing?
How is the human brain starstruck?
If we read something with the intention of teaching it to others, do we retain the content in our memory for longer than usual?
Does rocking a baby to sleep hurt its brains?
Which books can I read concerning the mammmalian brain characteristics?
Does listening to gamma waves re-wire your brain?
Do we really have souls, or are we just alive because of some sort of electricity that is operating our brains?
How can you best describe the limbic system?
Why is a nerve coming out from my hand?
What are the effects of vagal stimulation on gastric functions?
How does listening to a new music genre affect the brain?
Why is my respiratory automatism somehow blocked when I concentrate or in a deep focus?
How do I stop damage from being caused to the grey matter in my brain? What medicine should I take, and what cures are there?
I'm left-handed. Is it true that my brain works differently in some cases in ways that my interests are affected to a small extent?
What is the power of our subconscious mind?
What are the different kinds of neurons?
What would happen if someone has a brain transplant?
What is synaptic fatigue? How and why does it happen?
Which is the longest dendrite in multipolar neuron?
What happens when information interacts with sensory receptors?
What supplements help with Parkinson´s disease?
How can I get deja vu?
How do you think the human mind would be affected if it was proven that your consciousness survives death? How would atheists cope?
What would happen if the ears sent information to the occipital lobe rather than the auditory processing center to the brain?
Can you feel mental pain if you lack nerves?
Can you roll out of your body while you are in sleep paralysis in order to access the realm of astral projection?
What are the powers of a human brain?
What are the eight brain functions influenced by anandamide?
What are some indications of high brain processing speed?
How do I increase the size of my corpus callosum?
How do I get an IQ of 2,500 and the highest intelligence level quickly?
Why does the left side of my brain hurts?
Is there a source code for our brain?
Does headbanging cause brain damage?
How do I think faster in the moment?
Which part of the neuron are first impulses conducted? How are there ions there?
Does repeating the words in your head while listening help with memory retention & recall?
What percentage of the brain is fat?
Why can’t our racial background have an effect on the brain, but on other body parts (such as skin) it can?
Is it possible to be conscious and unconscious at the same time while sleeping?
If your brain can't make up people in your dreams, is it possible that it can combine two different people you've seen into one person?
What are good games that function as great brain exercises?
If I wish to study management or business in graduate school, should I major in psychology or neuroscience as an undergraduate student?
What is the physiological nature of a memory or an idea?
Why is the primary motor cortex in the cortex and not in an older part of the brain?
What are different effects of sound wave on human brain?
How is transcranial magnetic stimulation used for treating bipolar disorder?
Does everybody's brain use exactly 20% of their body's energy?
How does the human brain add numbers?
What would happen if there were disks that you could implant to your brain and when implanted they download all the info to your brain?
What happens to a human body just after death (do metabolism and brain activity suddenly stop)?
What happens if your brain produces a surplus of melatonin?
To what degree has humanity been able to reverse-engineer the human brain as of 2017?
How can you describe the parts of a nervous system?
Could brain wiring from previous ancestors with the ability to see be involved in how animals who now lack eyes interact with their environment?
Why does your brain not go back to the way it was after a psychotic break? Why does it get worse with each one?
What if anybody could gain IQ points by eating another person's brain?
How does a plant, with no nervous system, develop a poison that attacks nervous systems?
What is a nerve sheath tumor?
Which subfields of neuroscience exist and what are the most applied sciences in each one?
What does an EEG test of a schizophrenic and/or depressive look like?
What are the origins of deep brain stimulation?
What if one day someone cracks the exact algorithm of our brain? Will we call ourselves a do while loop machine?
Some say that not having sex for a long time changes one's brain in that it perceives the world differently. Is there any scientific basis to it?
Do savants have a greater muscle memory capacity?
How do I get rid of blank brain?
Do all fighters get brain damage in the future? Does anybody know any MMA fighters who have retired with no brain damage & are in old age?
To people who have been in a coma, what was your perception of time while in it?
Why do most of us say the world was better when we were young? Is there a psychological or neuroscience explanation for rose tinted spectacles.
How can patterned neural activity guide the refinement of connectivity?
Will MRI or CT scan show if antipsychotics did any damage to my brain?
Is it possible to make a machine that records our brain talking and replays it to us in actual sound that is audible to the human ear?
When it comes to intelligence, does reading only help one gain knowledge or is there more going on in the brain?
What is Hebb’s rule for storing patterns in associative memories, and how does it work?
How can I get into high gamma brain states (not sound frequencies methods)?
How does a particular region of the brain become active when I think of something?
What type of brain technology is used by Facebook?
Why is the hippocampus called Cornu Ammonis or Ammon's horn?
How can brain-computer interfaces help us better understand our emotions and life experiences to facilitate a deeper sense of self?
Can a theory based purely on chunking mechanisms lay any claims towards being a universal theory of cognition?
How do social and cultural context influence judgements on the quality of art?
How does the brain system work?
Why is human head transplant so controversial?
How is a computational neuroscience paper organized?
What is an affective memory?
Does the opioids activating the receptors cause us to feel good, or do some other things that happen after the opioids activate the receptors?
Can headphones connected to laptop transmit current to the brain? Does it interupt brain chemistry?
Why do I perform horribly in any activity I participate in whenever I use conscious effort?
Can memory loss occur if clonazepam is taken with alcohol?
Can music emitting from any devices/tools/objects/whatever still retain its effects on the brain?
A neurologist used only behavioural and statistical analysis at a lecture on ADHD and it's co-morbidities. Isn't it psychiatry?
What part of the brain corresponds to ego and narcissism?
Does high serotonin cause aggression in insects?
What should an AI researcher read to learn neuroscience?
Where are the nerves located in your hand?
Is "Dope" derived from dopamine?
Why do we only use so much brain power?
What causes impulsiveness?
What does heightened IQ in those with mental disorders say about our brains and capacity for intelligence?
What are some examples of exceptional artwork relating to consciousness?
Can you rewire your brain to love someone?
What is a small molecular weight tracer?
What is it like to lose your long-term memory?
What is the difference in the brain between humans and animals?
Einstein became a genius because of his big brain. So that means I never can be as successful as him with my normal brain?
What is the best method to treat epilepsy?
What's the difference between the brain activity of an introvert and an extrovert?
How does the brain process and store information? How should we change our learning habits to take advantage of it?
Are the brain cells constantly dying and growing?
For what type of results can we program our subconscious mind?
How does memory recall work, exactly?
How transpicuous are Gau Rakshaks’ brains?
What is the best job for epilepsy patients?
Does regular masturbation cause brain damage?
How does masturbation affect my brain when I am studying?
Women have a brain 10% smaller than men. Their lungs are 25% smaller. Do women's brains get less oxygen than men's brains?
Why does eating a chewing gum makes me concentrate better?
Are sympathy and sympathetic nervous system somehow related?
How many simple neurons can a laptop simulate?
Do we truly have free will if all of our thoughts/feelings/interpretations/reactions are the result of molecular chemical reactions responding to stimuli?
Could a neural lace connect our brains to the internet?
How can I get knowledge on neurons?
What are the job prospects in India for someone with a master’s in neuroscience from NBRC?
Is there any potential of incorporating mobile devices (specifically Android and iOS) into neuroscience research?
What are the chemical explanations for the "superpowers" gained from NoFap?
What can one do with an MSc in Cognitive Science (specializing in neuroinformatics)?
Is brain to brain communication real?
How do the skull and CSF affect the power spectral density of EEG signals?
Scientists decide to store your brain until we know how to build AI out of biological knowledge. Since you were chosen, you get to pick 2 others. Who?
Is idiopathic epilepsy curable in adults?
What part of the brain controls the eye’s color?
What do psychopaths think of research suggesting that they have an overactive dopamine reward system?
What happens to your brain if you have been depressed for a long time?
How did linguistic capability evolve in the human brain?
Out of every nutrient humans need, which ones directly sustain psychological health?
If man removes sperms daily does it affect brain?
How do you become a specialist in the nervous system?
Do you think intelligence is more of a hardware phenomenon or a software one?
Was the Bryostatin-1 Phase IIb Alzheimer's trial a failure or success?
Are there any examples of adversarial networks in nature/biology/neuroscience?
Are colour and light independent from the brain’s presumptions?
Do I have a shot at a decent grad school for a neuroscience PhD with my circumstances?
Will constant simulation of a task in your brain make you good at the task?
What should I know about dopamine and endorphines in order to "hack" my brain?
Why can't we recall most of the things from our early childhood? Why do our memories fade away as we grow up?
How do I make my brain full with new ideas?
What are the effects on the brain from smoking?
What is the exact process of developing a sharp philosopher’s brain?
Is reality just a hallucination synthesized by the brain?
What are applications of Time Series in Neuroscience?
Does your brain block one second when you think about eternity?
What are the symptoms of nerve pain after a lumbar surgery?
What is the direction of nerve impulse in a mixed neuron?
Are the mind and the brain the same or different? Why?
When will we be able to create VR Sims where we can literally upload our own consciousness into it?
What happens if presynaptic neurons are damaged?
How do I make a hallucinogenic binaural beats from IDoser work?
How do you develop an aneurysm on the brain?
How are emotions linked to chemicals in your brain?
If a person is partially impaired, will it affect his memory?
What do you call objects that you associate with memories?
How does it feel like when you are in a coma and how do you feel waking up from the coma?
What should we do to make our subconscious aware of our goals?
Why does consciousness change when we meditate?
What functions do the different type of neurons serve?
Would working spatial memory deficits or issues with mental rotation affect measured IQ?
Is there such a thing as doubling of consciousness, like you have a consciousness on top of your consciousuness in a different reality?
Does epilepsy during childhood and prepubescent years affect long-term memory? Could anti-epileptic drugs taken during this time also affect memory?
Does smoking increase your brain capacity?
How do physical activity improves and boosts the child's nervous system?
Is a photographic memory something we are born with, or can you train your brain to have one?
Is the Optic Nerve (GCHQ) program still used, today?
What and where can I study or learn to invent and create something like future Elon Musk's Neuralink technology?
What is the difference between the functions of the mind and brain?
Last year my son survived a severe traumatic brain injury & stroke, and the damage to his brain is evident. Has any TBI patient tried stem cell therapy?
How do the cranial nerves work?
Does sitting like L increase your cognitive capacity?
What educational level do you need to be a neuroscience professor?
What is the purpose of brain parenchymal cells?
What medical test can be done to check if MDMA use caused damage to my brain?
How can senile Parkinson's be differentiated from off-legs?
How can I start learning about brain-computer interface from scratch?
Why do girls have less brain capacity?
Is it possible for the mind to make up flashbacks of situations that didn't happen, as in false memories?
Hypothetically speaking, how would someone know if their brain can't hold anymore information?
Can marijuana permanently deplete dopamine levels?
Why is the human mind unstable?
Is it stupid to major in Physics with the intent/desire to work in Biology (specifically neuroscience)?
What does it mean if time seems slower, like songs that once seemed fast are now slow? If your brain speeds up, would you feel like time was slower?
Does brain transplantation work? If so, does the patient remember his/her past or will they act as donor?
Would it be appropriate to say that a cat has a higher level of consciousness than say a bacteria?
What are the symptoms for Brain Tumour?
How does subconscious mind change our desire into physical equivalent?
What are some things I can do to supplement hug cravings?
What happens in our brain after sneezing? What chemicals are released? How can you describe that feeling?
What are the most successful tags and description for a sleep meditation binaural beats YouTube video?
How long would it take to do pre-med, double major in psychology and neuroscience, and minor in cognitive science at UCLA?
Can memories be edited?
What is your first memory and did it affect your life?
The human brain does not have 100% precision, so what happens if you give up some precision for power in AI? Will AI become way more powerful?
What happens if a neurotransmitter is excitatory?
Why does lead poisoning primarily affect the brain?
Is remote deviceless neural recording be feasible electromagnetically?
Is our brain 1 dimensional?
What part of the brain is responsible for possesion of theory of mind?
Do fMRI studies at MIT pay much more than fMRI studies at Brown?
What is the hypofunctioning of the adrenal cortex?
Could IC design be applicable in neuroscience?
Does quetiapine cause permanent brain damage after one use?
Is there an organ in the human body that constantly stores a decent quantity of blood that the brain can use when needed?
Does sciatic nerve pain ever go away on its own?
Can Hashimoto's encephalopathy cause aphasia?
Does pyridostigmine work on bulbar onset motor neuron disease?
How is cerebral involution (atrophy) treated?
How can I return to normal after being injected with D1 and D2, α1-adrenergic and 5-HT2 agonist - Do these stay blocked forever?
Are people's brains wired to understand some concepts and not others?
If a person is in a coma, is he in an unending dream state?
How easy is it to get a mild prefrontal cortex injury by contrecoup?
How do the laws of quantum mechanics affect the way our brain functions?
How can the basic structure and function of the nervous system be described?
What is the purpose of neuromuscular training?
Is it true that you cannot push your brain to be creative?
What is the covering of the central nervous system (CNS)?
How do I stop panicking at night and does browsing the internet during the day quickly bouncing from one thing to another rewire my brain negatively?
How do I classify artifacts in a scalp map of EEG data?
Are there any neurological differences between the brains of morning and evening persons?
What affects long term memory?
What are the downsides to having a more complex brain?
How do mnemonics, and different memorization techniques like method of loci affect the forgetting curve?
What does severely reduced CMAP amplitudes imply?
What are the differences between neuritogenesis and neuroplasticity?
Why are we not able to recollect our memories when we are less than a year old?
Is it theoretically possible to create a machine that would stimulate the human brain to experience its highest level of happiness forever?
Can one experience auditory hallucinations in the throes of high anxiety?
Will I have a decrease in grey matter in my brain after using Risperidone for 5 months?
How can the slow-wave at on-chip devices be enhanced?
What are some things that neuroscientists know but most people don't?
Why does it feel nice to put a hand on your head?
What happens to the brain when we do something against our instincts (for example, when we do something that we don't want to do)?
What part of brain trainings are used by programming?
Who is the person with the most time in a coma state?
Why do opioids affect the respiratory system?
Is there anything which controls the working of our brain?
If the hippocampus gets injured, how long does it take for it to recover through neurogenesis?
Does masturbation really slow down the brain's functioning?
Is attention deficit hyperactivity disorder a mental illness?
If a genie granted me the instantaneous knowledge of all humans that have ever existed, in what way, if any, would my brain physically fail?
Do you think general AI or intelligence in general requires a biological substrate?
Would a memory loss impact a person's personality?
What skills does one gain from solving crossword puzzles?
How can you describe the part of the brain that controls breathing?
How can I develop the brain?
Can trauma, loss, prolonged grief, stress and anxiety affect a person's hyperactivity (ADHD)?
What is the more feasible career transition, a neuroscientist PhD to a psychiatrist or a psychiatrist to a neuroscientist?
People seem to get smarter as they age, does that also mean the brain ages differently than the rest of our body?
Is it true that humans use 10 % of their brains? What happens when we use it to the maximum?
Is it possible for brain-computer interfaces to augment, instead of replace, senses? If you wanted BCI vision, does this mean losing your normal one?
Is it possible to control your autonomic nervous system?
If one is under 25, how detrimental would getting drunk 5-6 times a year be on cognitive ability and brain development?
Does the brain hold the DNA codes to all body parts? If so, is it possible to (plug in) cells and let the brain inject corresponding DNA into them?
Can psychopaths feel fear, sadness, empathy, etc. through electromagnetic stimulation and other types of brain stimulation?
Why is there subjective consciousness?
Why does life take constant work? Will our brains combust if we stop learning?
What should I do when I feel head pain?
Am I the only one with consciousness in this whole world? The proof that only my own awareness exists is due to the fact that my consciousness is limited to its own observation.
Is it bad for the brain to suddenly be surprised when you are almost asleep?
Where should I buy Solutions Learning and Cognition The Design of the Mind?
Did Buddhism originate from hallucinations of the brain due to starvation or lack of oxygen?
How much DMT does the lizard brain secrete during a typical day?
Are schizophrenia and Parkinson's disease pathophysiologically opposite from each other?
Can a normal person increase his mental capacity to a great level, meaning memory, creativity, etc.?
What kind of activities make dopamine run through body?
What is your review about Alpha GPC for brain function?
How much can you learn in life before your brain forgets something else to make room?
Why hasn't the False Memory Foundation latched onto "anomalous experiences" as a means for minimizing DID yet?
Can the frontal lobe be strengthened to increase impulse control?
How does the brain know to do its job? How does it know how, when and what to think?
How does a stroke effect the optical nerve?
What does magnetoencephalography measure, and what is its importance?
What key things would you put into the bioecological model of human development as the contributors to age-related cognitive decline?
What are the chemicals in our brain responsible for the happy feeling?
What is subconscious mind capable of? How do I use its powers?
Can a physiotherapist worsen nerve damage, or do they help it?
Are our hands instrumental in our brain developing its strength?
Is the temporal lobe bigger in men or women?
What is your perspective of choice in terms of brain chemistry following physical laws and hence being ultimately predetermined?
Do you believe in the power of subconscious mind? Could you share your experience with it?
Is there any way to increase I.Q. level?
What is the purpose of neural transmitter chemicals?
Can bartonella take away or slow your ability to read or slow any related cognitive abilities?
Is it possible to train a neural network on the electric pulses in the human brain?
Are brain aneurysms in teens common?
What is the function of the auditory association area?
How much time does a person have to live once cancer has spread to their brain?
Is the Internet the brain and all of us commenting on it are the synapses firing off?
In what ways does Mescaline help with brain growth?
Why does sitting as a passenger on a train or in a car for a while make you feel tired?
Is there any scientific research and proof that authenticates DMIT? They say finger ridges develop with the development of the brain, and they correlate.
Do you have ESP/extra sensory perception?
What happened to our brains when we get hypnotized?
What is the career of a cognitive scientist like?
Is it true that most people that have learned a second language lose their knowledge after a stroke or something similar?
What is consciousness? Why are we conscious?
What are small signs of brain cell loss in a marijuana/weed/pot user over periods of time?
Can bedbugs cause major damage to a property?
Is the memory loss problem due to hypothyroidism temporary or permanent?
How do I disassociate from those who are body conscious and find more friends as well as a partner who are soul conscious?
When and how will the gap, between human intelligence and intelligence required to understand how 100% of the human brain works, be filled?
What purpose do oligodendrocytes serve?
How is the diencephalon separated and what is its function?
Are radical eliminativists about consciousness P-zombies? Or do they misinterpret the nature of their own consciousness?
Does chronic insomnia decrease brain functions?
Are our thoughts something that exist just by thinking it?
Am I the only one in my brain?
Can I get accepted into a neuroscience/psychiatry master’s program with a bachelor’s degree in philosophy?
If antipsychotics block dopamine, why aren’t they used to treat addictions to drugs like alcohol or nicotine that increase dopamine in the brain?
What part of the brain is responsible for grief and sense of loss?
Where is the seat of consciousness?
What function does the medulla serve in the brain?
Which variables are relevant to analyze EEG and hypnogram signals?
Can I consciously study or observe what I do or what happens to me subconsciously?
Is it possible to shoot an electrical signal at someone in a way that disables the nerves in a section of their body, like for example, their legs?
Does the human brain have a limit to the amount of information it can hold?
How does the brain control what make up the traits of our personality?
Is there a correlation between personal memory loss and individuals who practice confidentiality in their professions?
What is the use of Clofert 100?
What factors determine the amount of time needed to recovery from a blood clot in the brain?
Does the subconscious mind really work? If so, then why do people still suffer?
What do you think is the likelihood of activity in the brain that we cannot detect with our current technology and understanding?
Has neurology found anything to contradict addiction and OCD have the same mechanism?
What are dyadic and triadic synapses, and how are they different from regular synapses?
Dennett claims that he believe in consciousness, but is it different from experiential consciousness? What is he really talking about?
Does a human brain have an algorithm? If the algorithms of the human brains are figured out, what happens? Is it used in artificial intelligence?
Is there a possible way to recall old memories?
What are the short term things you do to improve your personality instantly?
Would it be possible to use a “meta DNN” to determine which neuron shootout would lead to higher success rates?
Is it possible to increase intelligence, brain power and IQ?
If humans never died, would it be possible to count to infinity or would our brain stop at some point because we don't have enough neurons?
What objectives should I talk about for a brain presentation?
What's the evidence for omega-3′s role in supporting brain health?
What is the relationship between the skeletal system and the nervous system?
What are some of the main theories about mindcontrol and erasing memories?
How can one increase grasping power of a brain?
If you were to significantly puncture or lacerate your hippocampus, would scarring then occur?
What are some symptoms of grey matter heterotopia?
I'm a fifth year medical student who wants to be a computational neuroscientist. Can anyone recommend modifications if necessary to my plan?
Does the human nervous system have AC or DC power?
How can you describe the function of the reticular formation in the medulla?
Who have bigger prefrontal cortex: men or women?
How many items can short term memory hold?
What is the primary function of a unipolar neuron?
How long should a patient wait if they have to undergo major brain surgery to remove a tumour, but are taking Clopilet?
Can triggering extra seratonin and oxytocin in a Parkinson's patient be helpful in dopamine production?
What happens to my brain after I learn a second language?
What are asialoglycoprotein receptors?
How can we study to let words get stuck in our long-term memory?
Which nerve of our body is also called the pregnant nerve?
What is a polarized membrane of the nerve cell?
What is beyond the cosmos and will it ever end? We have such a magical brain, why can’t we think beyond it?
What are the main symptoms of a cancerous brain tumor?
Do low-dopamine individuals respond much more strongly to Adderall than Ritalin?
How far are we from human hibernation?
What’s the difference in the brain between sedation and natural sleep?
Do only creatures with brains suffer from death of old age?
What should I do if my brain works too slow and I forget easily?
How many states of consciousness are there?
To what extent can an age-related decline in one's typing speed and accuracy signal a corresponding decline in one's overall cognitive ability?
How common is meningitis with a normal bloods and cerebral spinal fluid result?
How closely is music connected to memory?
What could the reasons be for my gradually declining memory, my confusion and losing my train of thought?
How do I get my brain to work properly?
In which of the koshas is the karmic information/memories, samskaras and vasanas stored?
How much sleep does our brain require?
What is the origin of human development (bone structure and cranial capacity) in the prehistoric culture?
Can brain scans such as fMRI detect false memories (if you say something untrue, believing it to be true)?
What are your biggest frustrations with Binaural Beats?
Is that feeling of being stuck and finally solving something the true secret to ability in that field (particularly in Maths and Computer Science)?
Why do I see visions in my brain while I'm awake?
What are the differences in the brain waves of schizophrenics?
Why do I never get brain freeze even if I try?
Can a neurologist/doctor give a reference to study neuroscience/medicine at a university, for an outstanding student in the subject(s)?
What are some brain hacks I can use to make my friends like me better?
How do I check for brain damage?
How does the brain process stimulation and then transform it to memory only in neurons?
When trying to decide if you should allow someone to stay in your life, should you go with your brain or your gut?
What would happen to our brain activity if we were put into a universe where everything (gravity, laws of physics, etc) was new to us?
How can I increase synaptic plasticity?
How much time do synaptic receptors (5-HT/dopamine) need to recover from antipsychotics, such as risperidone or aripiprazole, at the standard dosage?
Do we know, or have a prevalent theory for, what human consciousness is and how it is physically manifested in humans?
Is it possible to train our brains to have a work ethic and focus to the level of Elon Musk (so that we can work 100 hours a week)?
How is the endosteal layer of the dura mater different from the meningeal layer?
If planning on starting an artificial Intelligence company, is it reasonable to study neuroscience?
Why is the heart always associated with things like love, and on the other hand, the brain is associated with rationality?
How do our brains remember long pieces of information, like complicated instructions?
What is a very useful brain hack that everyone should know?
What will happen if only one of the brain amygdalae is destroyed?
Unlike the addiction to substances, how does our brain get addicted to certain genres of our favorite songs?
Sometimes I feel like I've recalled a glimpse of a long-forgotten dream (not related to current moment). Have I, or is it just a lapse, like deja vu?
If a person's consciousness is taken and transferred in a robotic body, will that be the same person, how will he feel?
Why should someone learn a new language if they're just going to get Alzheimer's disease like most people?
How can I conduct advanced research on behavioral neuroscience in high school?
Is it legal to perform brain surgery on a human without any certifications?
Why do you need to be awake to maintain balance if balance is autonomic?
What are some of the most frustrating obstacles neuroscience research has yet to learn about the human brain?
What does a non-binary person's brain look like?
Why does my brain always choose the path of most resistance? Why can't I go easy?
How is psychosis worse than what antipsychotics do to the brain?
Does Adderall reduce slow activity on EEG of brain?
Are the reflexes still intact if that person is brain dead?
What was the psychological experiment that asked judges to consider their own mortality before passing sentences?
What causes the nervous system's common disorders?
What is the best neuroscience-associated degree for an AI specialist?
What are the hurdles in creating computerized artificial intelligence, and how will humans know when they have successfully done it?
What methods of neuroplasticity can be used to train the subconscious mind?
Why do we forget our dreams? What happens if we are able to remember all the dreams thoroughly? Is deja vu related to dreams?
How are IQ tests conducted?
What is better at storing information, a computer or your brain?
Does the subconscious mind really retain all the information received in its entire lifetime?
What is the method of invention of the best medicine related to brain development?
What is the best way to determine if you are left brained or right brained?
Can meningitis cause social anxiety, or could the treatments and medications for meningitis cause damage to parts of the brain?
How long can confusion/memory loss from an epileptic seizure last? Can it be permanent?
How does someone with reoccurring brain injury due to seizures find meaningful purpose when everyday activities have to be relearned?
Why can't our souls manipulate us like our brains do?
What medications cause hallucinations?
How do neurons work when we are working for imaginary thought?
Can a brain-dead male on life support impregnate a woman?
What are some things that your subconscious mind told you?
How can you get sponsors for the Society for Neuroscience?
Can we intercept the signals coming from the brain and develop a way to visualize these signals as a data?
Can you recover if a poison reached your brain?
What part of the brain is responsible for an iris reflex when presented with a bright stimulus?
Does kindness change our brains?
Is the initial presentation of specific self or non-self antigens likely to occur in CNS or in lymphoid tissues?
What is the human perceptual system?
What are the best methods to refresh your brain to its initial max capacity from a depressed state?
How does the brain perform calculations? Is it similar to how a computer does calculations?
If someone had damaged their Broca's area as a result of a brain injury, is there any chance that the person could speak again?
Which is the best institute in India for neuroscience research on NHP (Non human primates)?
Does anyone on here lack the ability to visualize faces/places/memories?
What are the best CS PhD programs in California with a concentration on Brain-Computer Interfaces?
How is the brain affected by Alzheimer's disease?
With a very crucial state exam tomorrow, what are some of things I must keep in mind today so that my brain works actively and at the optimum level?
Would exercising for long periods of time (more than an hour) sensitize dopamine receptors?
Is it possible to watch two different films side by side and comprehend the narrative?
Can a computer program or a gadget recognize and represent a human thought?
Does morphine or laudanosine damage your brain?
How can you train your brain not to make mathematical/computational mistakes?
What type of muscle hose contraction does not require outside nervous stimulation?
What parts make the nervous system?
What is visual cortex?
How can we distinguish hallucinations from meaningful dreams?
How can emotions be simulated?
What is the difference between behavioral neurobiology and neuropsychiatry?
What kind of motor functions does the frontal lobe control?
Does the prefrontal cortex differentiate between emotion and decision making? Or are both "run" on the same networks/connections?
How has meditation benefited you in your research career?
How do I get into the Max Planck Institute for a PhD in neuroscience?
Are there any medications that are known to affect the temporal lobe functions (besides those for epilepsy)?
Do we understand the brain enough to make a Neural Lace feasible?
Does disembodied consciousness exist?
What is the effect of CBD on dopamine?
How can the location of motor neurons be determined?
Can people dream dialects they don't speak?
How can you treat auditory hallucinations?
What are the association areas in the brain?
What exactly happens in BPD brain when devaluation starts, is that dissociative state?
How does dimethyltryptamine affect our nervous system?
What function do brain cells serve?
Who has the most powerful brain on this planet?
How do you fix a lazy brain?
Why do I have trouble remembering left from right in a split second?
Will a psychopath have any frontal lobe activity on a brain scan?
Does Zika have any effects to the adult brain in the long term?
When a person gets symptoms from a brain tumor will it show on an MRI without contrast?
How do electrical synapse and chemical synapse differ?
What is the meaning of self consciousness in Dhayan?
How is information transmitted via graded potentials? Is the quantity of neurotransmitter release proportional to the strength of the stimulus?
Regarding the "pruning" of nueral pathways as we age, can we direct the pruning?
What are some explanations for the mind-reading tricks David Blaine performs in Beyond Magic?
Are there any possible jobs for clinical neuropsychologists in tech companies that work with neuroscience?
Since we can form synapses, why can’t we modify our brain function through a similar process (example: eyesight, subvocalization)?
What would happen if somebody trained an AI to manipulate humans, like a kind of AI psychopath? Could such am AI psychopath be way more powerful than a human one?
Elon Musk says he doesn't care about motivation or enthusiasm. How can we build a mindset like that?
Why can’t we deceive our subconscious mind?
In life, why do we need to feel pain?
Is the myth about people using 10% of their brain capacity scientifically proven?
Can you function normally if your head were to be split open but your brain is still intact?
How do psychedelics affect fine motor control?
What are good brain foods?
How long does it take to produce new functioning serotonin and dopamine receptors after irreversible binding antagonists like risperidone?
How often do you have a deja vu feeling?
Is the method of scientific study of consciousness totally unrelated to the supposed understanding of consciousness in mystic traditions?
What are cholinergic agonists used for?
Is our subconscious controlling our actions? If yes, how?
What are the functions of nerve cells in animals?
How are memories stored in a neural network?
Are we able to control our dreams through selective diets, activities, feelings and thoughts at the conscious state?
What is the anatomy of the human brain?
What exactly happens in a human brain during conversation?
Which has a better program in neuroscience, Wesleyan University or University of Rochester? What about biology and psychology?
Are decisions thoughts?
What is different about the brains of people who work alone, such as writers, traders, etc.?
Why does it seem that my mental capacity fluctuates throughout the week?
Can static electricity cause any harm to the head or brain?
Is it a serious condition if the vein or nerve that returns blood from the brain is ruptured?
Can you overcome procrastination and fears by creating multiple personalities for yourself?
How does tea affect the brain?
When you are about to fall in love, why do you have a lot of energy?
Is it visual and tactile hallucinations if you see things in vision like eye floater flies and feeling a sensation crawling on you that's not there?
Is magnesium important for nerve impulse transmission?
What can a wart on the parietal lobe mean? What can it indicate and could it be cured by a dermatologist?
How relevant are attractor neural networks in current machine learning research?
Does the brain store everything we read but we have no access to it?
Why humains have brain? What all we are doing in that big glaxy? What is life?
If you put your brain on a skillet and turned on the heat, how would your body react?
What is the effect of irregular sleep cycles on our brain?
How can you describe the structure of the lower part of the brain?
Is there an effect on the brain to sleep on one side or the other?
If an AI exists that operates on a different frequency spectrum than our biological minds, is there a way we can bridge this gap?
Do antipychotics cause permanent changes in the brain?
How are brain zaps caused?
What is the maximum size of evolution of the human brain in the future?
How do you measure your peripheral vision?
What can happen after a temperory memory loss?
How is a chronic microvascular ischemic disease of the brain treated?
What are some useful hacks for absent minded scatter brained people?
How do you recognize your friends or family members just by hearing their walk?
What are the most logical brain quizzes for CS students?
What electrical changes can be measured during an action potential?
What is the future and implementation of a human brain chip with wireless communication?
Species diversity has always kept growing. Does this imply that collective consciousness exists and was always storing the experiences?
What would be necessary to achieve a complete understanding of the nervous system of C. elegans?
How does glucose reach neurons?
Why do some people say that we only use 10% of our brain if we don't have free will, because we don't have a choice but to use our entire brain?
What part of the brain does one need to recall memories?
Why do we sometimes experience time passing slowly, like when we exercise or are bored at work? What happens to our brain?
What would you suggest to an undergraduate who intends to have a career on Computational neuroscience?
How do you treat damage to the thalamus?
Is there any way to unblock dopamine receptors?
What is the concept behind using 100 percent of our brain?
Is consciousness an extension of the subconscious?
Will a stroke cause you to forget everything?
Is there a way to trick the brain into thinking it has received a stimulus multiple times?
Have you ever damaged your penile nerve?
What are the processes that go through our brains when we write vs when we type?
Is there any non invasive method to locate the epicentre of seizures in the brain?
Is there any difference between eastern European and western European people brain sizes?
How do I become a sensory technologist?
What is the least amount of creatine I can take to improve brain health?
Why do we perceive vision as if the image was being constructed in the eye rather than in the brain? Why don't we feel as if we are seeing from our brains?
Why does sensory memory fade according to psychology?
What are cannabinoid receptors for and how do they affect brain wiring?
Is Cantab from Cambridge cognition approved for testing the cognitive function in Alzheimer's patients?
How does donepezil hydrochloride get absorbed with 100% bioavailability through the GI tract since it is a weak base with a pKa of 8.6-9.1?
During a hypnosis session, how far can a hypnotist reach into one's brain?
How can you describe the purpose of the occipital lobe?
What processes does the nervous system go through to maintain homeostasis?
How do hard determinists reconcile consciousness?
Are there psychological benefits to multiple streams of income?
Can frontal lobe damage (accident) cause psychopathy? Can it repair itself? Can one be partially psychopathic?
What kind of picture can you see with the latest INUMAC MRI machine, with the BOLD signal, because it can see 0.1mm around 1000 neurons?
Do songs help with mind stimulation?
What is Ultra short-term memory?
What part of the brain does the visual processing?
Are there any benefits of talking to yourself in your brain?
What is the brain exercise game?
Why does the brain like questions?
You want to simulate real-life stimuli in a computer (like smells, tactile stimuli, chemical gradients in soil, etc.). How would you go about it?
Could someone help me understand the brain?
How come musicians can talk and play on an instrument simultaneously? What different areas of the brain are used? How can they use both at same time?
Is the damage caused by long term sleep deprivation reversible, particularly in the brain?
Why does my brain begin to think and make up stuff on its own when I try to sleep really hard?
What are examples of white matter signal abnormalities?
How do viruses get past the blood-brain barrier?
What is the difference between dementia, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and amnesia?
Why does even a minor increase in dopamine (from L-Dopa or Bromocriptine) cause mental and physical torpor in me?
I’m an IT grad student and I want to pursue a BCI course. What is required to study brain-computer interface?
Does the brain only use carbohydrates?
Do our lungs work without a brain?
Is there a form of synesthesia that allows one to notice activities in one's own mind?
Why in some cases when dealing with SSVEPs, the content of second or third harmonics are much greater than the content of first harmonic?
Where in our brains does our sense of morality reside? Could a few judicious cuts remove it?
How would a blood borne virus reach a neuron in the brain? What kind of virus does that?
Could getting a C+ in physics in college ruin my chances at biochemistry/neuroscience graduate programs? I'm worried because it's part of my major.
What are some characteristics of the main parts of the brain?
Will our brain have trouble storing memories when we prolong our lives buy hundreds of years with medical advancements?
How can I make my brain a super-weapon?
What is the effect of partial atrophy of optic nerve?
How are dreams created in one's brain?
Is dopamine technically a hormone?
Would you rather have your brain taken out and put in a robot body or your brain destroyed and a robot brain put in your real body?
Would eating a chocolate before an exam help with memory?
What is a neuron and what are the functions of its three major parts?
What can you do in pregnancy to enhance a child's brain or cognitive ability?
Are there any non-invasive techniques for imaging the brain at home?
How are the neurons in the brain?
Is the game, Nerve, really dangerous as shown in the movie, Nerve?
Why should someone learn a new language if they're just going to get Alzheimer's disease like most people?
How active is your brain when you're sleeping? Is it more active than when you're awake? What does your brain do when you sleep?
How can you get started in neuroscience, when you’re five years out of undergraduate school?
Why can I visualize memories?
How can one get to use up to 20% of their brain?
What are the different areas of the brain and what they control?
What can I do to increase my processing speed and brain power after 2 years of bad habits?
How do the different types of brain cysts develop?
What are your views regarding the statement "Lunacy is a stage of optimum consciousness"?
How close are we to a Direct Neural Interface capable of controlling technology and accessing the internet?
Have you ever experienced deja vu or a premonition?
What type of brain damage did the mafia have?
What are some well-researched neural circuits?
Why do many people in stories believe that the heart is like the brain?
How do you compare and contrast the endocrine and the nervous system?
Why is asking someone to be your girlfriend so nerve-racking?
Can cannabinoids slow brain aging?
In what way is the bisexual people's brain different from the heterosexual and homosexual people's brain according to scientists?
Could ionizing 1% to 2% of neurons associated with a specific memory, be enough to disrupt the neurons communication process, and erase the memory?
What is universal intelligence? To what extent is it connected to our brains?
Do doctors use there brains like engineers do, or do they just learn like a parrot throughout their lives?
Which neurotransmitter creates the feeling of truth in the perception of rality?
Are any neurotransmitters found only in the brain? If so, which ones?
Why does typing not activate the same parts of the brain as writing?
Is human language something like the operating system of our brain - a handy, but exchangable, piece of 'mental software'?
How does visual and auditory attention differ from visual and auditory perception?
What are some characteristics of short-term memory?
My friend can mentally rotate very complex 3D Objects, so what part of his brain would show signs of being overdeveloped?
Can I receive an exact EEG as an ECG?
What are the functions of associative neurons?
What is the process of the recovery of the brain from the effects of drug addiction?
What is some information about the nervous system?
If our brain never sleeps, why do we lose control of our body when we sleep?
How is a chronic microvascular ischemic disease of the brain diagnosed?
What are your thoughts on reclassifying learning disabilities based on brain scans?
How much of our brains do you believe that we have access to: 2%, 10%, or 100%?
Why do some people get angry more easily when they are tired?
How can I return to normal after being injected with D1 and D2, α1-adrenergic and 5-HT2 agonist - Do these stay blocked forever?
What part of the brain controls thinking and how is this done?
Given two time series, how is the transform predicted between them?
Is our brain empty (with no data) when we are born? Why does it take such a long time to work normally (from birth to around 2-3 years)?
What clinical research has been done on the brain's feedback from video games? Is the evidence strong or just highly suggestive?
What studies have been conducted to test the consciousness of other animals?
How might gut bacteria affect the brain function in humans?
What is the 'thing' that you learned that reconfigured your brain?
Is deja vu caused by CNS (Central nerves system) dysfunction?
Biologically speaking, what happens when we solve a math puzzle?
What is the evolutionary purpose of questioning our own existence?
Can someone be conditioned to have false memories?
What might be wrong with a person who's sleeping for 11+ hours a day?
Can you suggest some book or site for how brain works and about human psychology for beginner to pro?
How can we vividly visualize our future?
Can a human brain effectively use another animal's body?
How much brain uses energy and resourses in full panic vs sleep?
What are the characteristics of the four main regions of the brain?
What should I do to learn faster and unlock my brain’s full potential?
Under what circumstances are hallucinations more likely to occur?
Can we control deja vu?
Can cerebral death cause a brain damage?
What kind of brainwaves would be active under stress, nervousness and frustration?
Can the words from other people be so effective that it can affect our brains and make us go retard?
Why is reading good for our brain, and is it really useful and does it make our memory better?
If strokes occur on both sides of the brain, how much time does a person need to recover fully?
What percentage of an adult brain is a 2 year old brain?
How many neurons and synapses does an average AI neural network have?
Is the phenomenon of the trans brain going to be the next evolutionary step for humans?
How has the human brain's internal structure changed throughout our evolution?
What limits our brain's ability to imagine really tiny or really large things?
Does the brain go back to normal after the use of clopixol depot is stopped?
Can meditation induce hallucinations?
If neurilemma is absent in mylenaited neurons, why it is written that it is the outermost layer of mylein?
What goes on inside our body and brain, when we are riding a very fast, high roller coaster?
Why is an fMRI able to detect differences between white and gray matter?
Does the brain limit our capability to find a meaning of life?
What are some of the most effective brain enhancers I could use to boost my performance, focus, cognition, etc?
Can I reverse brain damage from an alcohol overdose (poisoning)? I was 12, and binge drank till 17. I am 21 now.
What's the connection between habits, addictions, willpower, hallucinogens, and the brain?
What is the best things to read about neuroscience?
What is the best way to make human brains even better?
Is there a way to unblock dopamine and serotonin receptors?
Are girls’ brains wired differently from boys’?
Is the speed limit of a data transfer truly limited by the laws of physics? Is it limited to your brain’s ability to process data?
In what possible way could the brain be connected with the whole universe?
What software applications do neuroscientists use to analyze MRI and fMRI data?
If you could exchange your brain with another person, who would this be, and why?
Would a court mandate uploading a brain in the future to obtain justice?
How do I prevent seizures with myoclonic epilepsy?
What is the definition of “brain”?
Would you prefer a young body with an aged brain and no sex drive or the opposite?
What connection exists between D2 receptors and IQ?
Does the endocrine system affect the neural system?
How many years blue brain chip works?
How do axons from the retina grow?
Is autism a neurological disorder like in different parts of the brain?
Is interface theory of perception an acceptable theory?
What was the tissue found in Einstein's brain and how did it helped him?
Does the brain possess abilities to affect the external world to facilitate its objectives?
What are a-2 adrenergic agonists?
How long can a person be in brain tumor coma before dying?
Are we just animals with advanced brains, or are we more than that?
Can one self-induce emotions, feelings, or physical sensations?
Do I perseverantly pursue skilled feats and learning so that I can notice my environment?
Are we meant to not learn more languages after our brain fully develops?
How/why do things fade from working memory?
How do I increase blood circulation to the brain?
How does your brain perform better with more sleep?
What is the list of things people with a history of epilepsy can't do?
Neurologically, what is the difference between being stressed and excited?
Did President Kennedy immediately lose consciousness when the bullet hit his brain?
If our consciousness is a frequency, are there any other stations that we can tune into?
Can physics ever explain things like love, beauty, cuteness etc.?
Does short term use of haldol can cause brain damage?
Will people who cannot breathe for a while go into a coma?
Does our brain create videos from text (articles)?
What are the symptoms that indicate a pinched nerve in the pinky finger?
Can you describe what is happening in your brain and in your body right now?
If a dead person's brain was to be removed and put in someone elses body, would they know that they died and are now in a different body?
Why would the brain give us a pleasurable feeling (DMT release) before death?
Why don't we have imaging techniques for the brain that have a higher resolution than fMRI?
How can l remove stress from my brain?
How long can a human be exposed to sensory deprivation before going braindead?
What is the relationship between memory and psychology?
What are examples of 5 parts of the brain? What are their functions?
Do any plants show even a hint of rudimentary consciousness?
Is it possible for a human to think faster?
What if you don't have an optic nerve?
Does getting easily annoyed or offended produce pleasant chemicals in the brain?
What criticisms do neuroscientists have about any length of stay in space?
How can I engage my mind towards Krishna consciousness?
How likely do you think Floyd Mayweather Jr. will develop severe symptoms of dementia Pugulistica later in his life?
Can a MRI show false negative result if its beginning of a brain tumor?
What is the most difficult thing for brain to do?
What part of the brain shuts off your senses while you sleep?
We all would have seen a post saying, "Electrically shocking one's brain can improve their math skills for about 6 months." How do we shock our brains?
Do our excuses outweigh our potentials?
Is there evidence that one's brain is teeming with billions of unconscious thoughts going on all the time?
Which areas of the autistic brain feature increased connectivity, and which feature decreased connectivity?
What's the glutamate toxicity threshold?
Why does my brain feel so clouded?
Why is human brain constantly looking for some kind of input? Like it's hard to stay in silence for short time and think about "nothing"?
How do I change mindset from utter confusion (brain fog) to absolute certainity?
What is a hypnagogic sensation?
An article in the Guardian mid-last year said that Zika could affect adult human brain stem cells, causing long-term damage. Is there any new information in this regard?
Why do so many people think former victims of child abuse just have false memories?
I feel like my brain needs too much stimulation, can this be real? And what can I do about it?
How can brain death be diagnosed?
Which paint sold in the United States has the strongest/fastest negative effect on human brain cells and why?
Should I be worried about brain damage from welding fumes?
Is there any neurological evidence for taking breaks in terms of mood, energy, or productivity restoration?
How can one make his brain focus on productive and beneficial activities and avoid mindless activities? Are there any tricks, steps or ways to do so?
Can we decode the information stored in the human brain from the deceased?
If your brain could talk to you, what would it say?
What if human had more than 100 billion neurons?
Does Wellbutrin give you the dopamine you need to counteract depletion from Adderall?
Which part of the brain detects time?
What chemicals are released in the body during a traumatic brain injury or by a neuron when it’s damaged?
Is it possible for a human to think faster?
How can I know more about neurons and how the brain works internally if I have a strong CS background and little biology and medical knowledge?
How can I find out what is holding me back to be more productive at my subconscious mind?
Which brain wave(s) are connected to states of stress, nervousness and generally discomfort?
What is the study of the human brain AND human behavior called? Does one have to be a doctor to pursue this?
How do evolution affect human brains?
What is your review of Neuronation (https://www.neuronation.com)?
What kind of brainwaves would be active under stress, nervousness and frustration?
Are dreams a visual expression of the emotional brain?
What allows humans to ask questions?
What is the advantage of the right side of the brain controlling the left side of the body?
Can a microdose of MDMA improve cognitive function?
Where is the vagus nerve located?
What is the prognosis for an 89-year-old male who has chronic infarct with gliosis in the midbrain, suggestive of small vessel ischemic disease, and no midline shift?
Will hitting my head with my fist cause damage in the long run?
What are some of the most effective brain enhancers I could use to boost my performance, focus, cognition, etc?
If long term memory was cave art, would it be a negative or positive print?
Do your cortisol levels increase if you are in a state of depression?
What is your main sensory input?
How dangerous are headphones?
What's the function of consciousness if the subconscious controls all of a person’s actions/thoughts?
What abilities could aliens attain biologically by evolution, not by technology that’d make them superior to us, as we’re to other creatures on Earth?
What's the optimal daily dose of l-theanine to upregulate GABA receptors and improve social anxiety?
Will people who cannot breathe for a while go into a coma?
Does short term use of haldol can cause brain damage?
What type of brain damage would cause someone to be mute?
Can split-brain patients talk to themselves?
What criticisms do neuroscientists have about any length of stay in space?
How can I engage my mind towards Krishna consciousness?
What connection exists between D2 receptors and IQ?
What is the latest research on brain structure, chemistry, physiology and genetics as well as emerging theories regarding autism?
Is there a way to objectively test for brain damage from the misuse of methylphenidate and antipsychotic drugs?
What are the measure to be taken by a common person not to cause brain tumor?
Is shock therapy still used in today's time? I might be wrong but I heard it helps shock the neuron in your brain that can cause memory haunting?
Why do I experience deja vu?
How would you publish a revolutionary scientic theory in neuroscience?
Is Psychiatric Drug-induced Chronic Brain Impairment (CBI) long term or permanent?
If neurilemma is absent in mylenaited neurons, why it is written that it is the outermost layer of mylein?
Are brains changeable?
What is the relationship between thought and intelligence?
Does Genius Brain Power product actually work?
What software applications do neuroscientists use to analyze MRI and fMRI data?
Can you test for psychiatric drug-induced Chronic Brain Impairment (CBI) with neuro-imaging?
What is the definition of “brain”?
If a conscious AI is produced, how do we know that it is really conscious, not just acting that it's conscious?
Where does the thalamus pass information and where does it not work?
What makes a neuron learn? If we don't know, will it ever be possible to find out?
How long can a person be in brain tumor coma before dying?
Are we meant to not learn more languages after our brain fully develops?
What are the effects of watching pornography on the human brain?
How have educators incorporated the principals of neuroscience in their classrooms for more effective learning?
How does consciousness work?
What time do teenage brains function best?
What are the symptoms that indicate a pinched nerve in the pinky finger?
Do anti-psychotics have a threshold dosage for the start of a drug-induced chronic brain impairment or is it accumulative damage at any dosage?
What limits our brain's ability to imagine really tiny or really large things?
What are the best supplements to restore neurotransmitters after opiate addiction?
What causes a cortical atrophy?
What causes pain in the occipital lobe?
Since gravity pulls downward, how does blood flow upward to the brain?
Why do we have some memories so vividly encoded (explain how the memory works)? What role does emotion play in these memories?
How much of our brains do human beings use?
When will scientists be able to alter or enhance the function of neurons in our brain?
Is there proof that a lobotomy procedure was ever beneficial? If so, how?
If our brains are governed by our senses (e.g., it has never experienced light), how can our reality be real?
How many years blue brain chip works?
Cognitive Neuroscience: Can dreams occur in the hypnopompic and hypnagogic states?
Is the subconscious mind racist? If so, how to fix it?
Have you ever had "body deja vu," a physical feeling that's really familiar but you have no event or memory you can really connect it to?
Could the Human Connectome Project be the key to immortality?
Does our brain create videos from text (articles)?
Why would the brain give us a pleasurable feeling (DMT release) before death?
How can l remove stress from my brain?
Is it possible for the human mind and body to periodically switch between two diametrically opposed realities?
Should I follow my heart or brain? Which one should be given priority?
What is like to be a coma patient without a family by their side?
What part of the brain shuts off your senses while you sleep?
Is there any scientific evidence proving a gut brain connection?
What is the relation iron level and dopamine system?
What hobbies have the greatest benefit to neuroplasticity?
How important is it for youth to be taking brain development supplements and for how long?
How is the hippocampus connected to the amygdala?
Do our brains divide the information into time dependent BITS?
Can I use the power of my subconscious mind to make things happen in my favour?
If A receives a brain transplant from B, then will A get the memories of B?
Why do our nerves have synapses instead of being a single long one?
Will there ever be a brain transplant possible or reviving brain cells to bring humans back from cryonics?
What are the best universities to study neuroscience UK? Undergrad?
Where can I have my brain scanned for disorders in Michigan?
Which neuron modelling software do you use?
How does left temporal encephalomalacia spread to the frontal lobe and corpus callosum from left to right?
Does the brain run on music?
Would you let your soon to be 18-year-old son box if he had an IQ of 120?
What are the risks of having pain in the occipital lobe?
What happens if you open the eyes of someone in a coma?
How do incarcerated primate brains compare to primate brains autopsied from the wild?
What is the role of active transport in the transmission of nerve impulses?
Why does my brain always choose the path of least resistance even if I don't want to?
Is it possible to live with your brain exposed?
In a living human, how does left temporal encephalomalacia spread to the frontal lobe and through the corpus callosum left to right?
Does the brain give rise to consciousness or does the consciousness give rise to the brain and the physical world?
How can computers process a lot more bits a lot faster than a human brain in a given time? What's responsible for this disparity in speed?
How relevant is biologically-inspired AI or AI methods inspired by neuroscience/cognitive science?
Why do ADHD meds reduce latent inhibition when low latent inhibition is similar to ADHD? You would think they'd increase latent inhibition.
What are the harmful effects of sugar on the brain and cognitive functioning, if any?
Does the theory of relativity affect human consciousness?
Which brainwave entrainment frequency should I listen to when doing mindful meditation?
Can very low values of Km cause substrate inhibition?
Why does the brain weigh 1,300-1,400 g but inside the skull weighs 50 grams?
How does the human brain compare with CPUs in terms of processing time? Is there an equivalent in GHz?
Do dopamine receptors fully repair themselves?
What goes on in the brain when someone is "high"?
I'm in computer science and I have trouble with short term memory capacity. What can I do to improve?
How can neuroscience help me to think better?
Why is forgetting good for the brain?
Why do you have a small brain?
From a neurochemical point of view, why is it very hard to forget the memories related to romantic love?
Where is the faculty of judgment situated, in the heart or in the brain?
Which part of the human brain is associated with controlling body temperature?
Do you take neuro enhancers? And if so, why?
Will brain-computer interface applications be useful for every human being in the future, or will they only be used for ill people?
How credible is research on traumatic dissociation from childhood attachment trauma?
How much visual stimuli does the average person see in a day? Is there a way to put a number on the amount in neurological or informational units?
Why can't the brain elicit a normal immune response, like the peripheral organs?
How can I treat pain in the occipital lobe?
How many neuroscience courses should an undergraduate take if s/he plans on studying it in graduate school?
What is the name of the biggest part of the human brain?
If a person is injured in the brain and survives, how is the bleeding stopped?
How does sugar affect the brain regarding neuro degenerative diseases, like Parkinson's? Is there a link?
Can antidepressants damage your brain?
Is it possible to reinforce a certain idea until you actually believe it?
How do the cerebrum and cerebellum work together?
Why can't a human brain work up to its fullest?
Why did early humans have larger brains than us?
I can only "shut up my thoughts" with alcohol, how can I achieve this without it?
Does our memory work as a relational database?
Is there a way to stimulate the pineal gland?
How do I know if I'm left brained or right brained?
If I transplanted my brain to another body, would I exist?
Which part of the brain is responsible for memory?
What is bilateral basal ganglia mineralization?
Do atheists think science will ever be able to fully explain consciousness?
In what format are memories stored in the brain?
What is the subconscious? Am I really two people?
What is the effect of meditation on available dopamine?
Does neuroplasticity work? If so, what benefits does it include?
Can we project our conscious state of being into other realms/universes?
What chemicals are released in the brain during exercise?
What is the brain responsible for?
What are the complete details about the patent for "Nervous system manipulation by electromagnetic fields from monitors"?
If you had access to the mind of our creator, what what would you search and retrieve from its neural synapses?
Which animal or organism functions extremely great with smaller brain when compared with its body?
How are cranial reflexes studied?
How depressants slow down the transmission of nerve impulses?
How can I remove my daily useless imaginations in my brain?
What effect does smoking have on nicotinic receptors?
What part of brain does the mind lives in?
How many of you with ADD/ADHD also suffer from low latent inhibition?
How does fluoride affect neurotransmitters in the brain?
What is the difference between simple and complex reflex?
What happens if I use my mind to 20% of its capacity?
If our sophisticated brain created and evolved technology, why isn't it sophisticated enough to evolve our primitive functions at the same rate?
Why are self-organizing maps(SOM) interesting for researchers? Who studies the biological nervous system?
Does the brain have a 'self-destruct' switch in times of crisis that will quickly kill the body?
How does neurons work?
How is loss of consciousness different from just sleeping?
What does EEG dataset mean and how does it look?
How do professors retain all memory?
If you get a brain transplant, are you the same person?
Can the brain biologically speak to another brain without talking?
In women, is more energy consumed by neurons if you have less muscle mass diverting the energy?
Why am I having triple deja vus?
Where can I buy an actual human brain specimen for education?
How do I implement a sliding window over an EEG signal?
What is the neurological explanation to why you get bored of listening to the same song after a while?
When we are asked “What is 2 + 2” are we referring to a stored memory of the answer 4, or are our brains computing the answer?
Can over-stimulation of your brain kill you?
Does ayahuasca or DMT affect brain acuity or memory?
How can we maintain our brain to solve complex problems just by thinking?
Could government agencies use WiFi to control people's brains?
Where do hallucinations come from?
Which is better, the human brain or a computer, and does the computer have feelings?
How do place cells switch their response patterns when the subject moves to a different environment?
Do animals have brains like us?
What would be the circumstances for someone to receive a successful brain transplant from another human? Would something like this be possible?
Is khusyuk during Solat a form of mindfulness meditation?
Can some false memories be triggered by autosuggestion?
Why do some people get brain aneurysms?
Why can't virus reach the brain?
What is the meaning of my brain is static you can't reinitialize it?
Is consciousness related to memory? Is it possible to have one without the other?
Where can I find EEG dataset for ADHD patients?
How is it to live with synesthesia? Can you share your experience?
What are the elements of cognition?
What is/are the scientific explanations behind the memory in the brain? How does it work?
Why am I always hearing my name?
When you're lying why does your brain convince itself that you're being honest?
How does unconscious matter organize itself into a conscious brain?
Why does some matter become alive?
Why is it that the most vital organs and tissues (heart, brain, nerves, etc.) are the ones that can't be regenerated?
What relationship exists between serotonin and migraine?
Is Ben Carson's claim true that if the brain's electrically stimulated, someone can recite a book verbatim that they read years ago?
Does a person with a small skull have a higher chance of getting a concussion while playing football?
If consciousness is non-physical then what is it exactly?
Will brain and computer interface applications be useful for every human being in the future, or is it only going to be useful for ill people?
Can you make your dopamine receptors more sensitive?
How can I raise my consciousness about not wasting opportunities?
What is the first shampoo with a brain?
Could an array of ground-based mirrors concentrate the suns rays sufficiently to cause damage to satellites?
How do brain signals work when telling a lie?
How does the brain work when lying?
What happens in the brain during death?
How interrelated are biological sex and gender? Does gender subsume sex?
What sorts of test results do I need to know the grey/white brain matter in my head?
What would it take to send electronic pulses that the brain can read and understand what the message means?
Are there any difference s between the consciousness of a normal human being to that with hearing disability?
How many times should I repeat a word to be memorized in the long-term memory?
Does anyone have any inside information on taking a tab of MDMA to alleviate symptoms of Parkinson's Disease?
Should we do psychological and neurological experiments on Psychopaths due to their mental fortitude?
How do you restore brain cells?
Is there a reason why the mouse hippocampus and human hippocampus are placed in different spots?
Which Cognitive Science PHD program will allow me to do coursework in artificial intelligence and neuroscience to alleviate my current deficit?
What does a damaged occipital lobe entail?
Is it true that people who can speak several languages are more difficult to anesthetize?
What does "predicate" means in the field of cognitive science?
When was the brain first considered to be the most important organ in the human anatomy?
Is there anything out there to improve my brain function that actually works?
Can scoliosis affect the brain and cause learning disabilities?
Whenever I watch YouTube videos or TV for hours on end, I start forgetting random facts and my head feels numb, why is this?
How does electroshock therapy affect the temporal lobe?
How do I completely erase a memory?
Which area (lobe) of the brain stores mathematical information? What are the functions of every lobe in both hemispheres?
Once you have nerve damage from diabetes, is it possible to reverse it?
What are the limitations on what we can learn about the brain from EEG data?
Does any medicine provide the body and the mind with the hormones that are produced during sleep, and keep them both awake?
Which is easier to recall: a good or a bad memory?
Hi friends I'm from India I completed MBBS in India now I want to do neurology in London and settle there. Can anyone guide me how to do it?
How does one get their brain to mimic calmness in stressful situations?
What happens in our brain when something good happens to us?
How bipolarism works in a human brain?
What is the type of brain surgery that I had performed on me to remove part of my Broca's area?
How does the brain get energy?
What are the functions of the visual cortex?
Is it possible to manufacture a human brain?
Other than the human brain, what is the most complex object in the universe?
Can you get in a medically induced coma for no reason?
Are there muscarinic receptors in autonomic ganglia?
Say that we have all the technologies, skills and resources, can we perform a successful and measurable human brain transplant?
Does sleep deprivation destroy brain cells or does it make you dumber permanently?
What happens with your brain when you move abroad?
What is the science behind certain sounds or music that helps with concentration?
What would happen to a psychopathic brain after a course of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), in regards to emotionality?
How do I deal with having people in my head? They've been here for about eight years and they've made my stress grow exponentially.
Is Soroban the use of motor learning for a non-physical task?
What are the ways to keep the brain young?
Does a pregnant woman with a persistent vegetative state (Semi-coma) feels the pain?
Do D2 high receptors go back to the D2 low state? It is recommended to stop anti-psychotics by replacing drugs loosely bonded from strongly bonded.
Is slow EPSP produced by acetylcholine acting on muscarinic receptors on autonomic ganglia?
Why my brain force me to complete the sentence even I already understand it?
Where can a PhD in neuroscience (IISc) work in India?
What exactly do the eyes and brain see when bright spots appear and create a quick circle and then disappear?
What information do you store in your long term memory palaces/journeys?
What is it like when a non-synesthete hears, for the first time, someone with synesthesia talk about their experiences?
How do you add horsepower back into your brain?
If the brain was a CPU, what kind of reviews and ratings would it receive?
How does the brain maintain the heat?
If we use all our knowledge on AI and Machine/Deep Learning, could we employ it to model the way human neurons function?
Does autistic functioning take more energy, or is the same energy distributed over a larger network?
Approximately how much does the treatment of brain hemorrhage third degree cost?
What is brain electrochemestry?
What happens in the human brain when a person loses his emotions?
Is it really possible to have access to 100% of human cerebral capacity?
How can we increase our brain activeness.?
How do brain CNs and PNs work together?
Will taking just 8mg of codeine send me into WD again?
Does the neurotransmitter norepinephrine have any direct correlation with the experience of pleasure, or is it more energizing?
What is the speed of nerve cells’ growth? How many micrometers per day?
Can you explain the experience of and brain changes (physical, chemical, activity) in terms of cognitive and emotional empathy in autism?
Could there really be a parasitic organism dangerous enough to take over the human nervous system?
What is Brainly?
What happens if you transmit alpha waves through the left hemisphere of the brain & not to the right side & vice versa?
What can I do for my depression? I'm at my last straw
How do you block dopamine receptors?
Are electronics really screwing up our brains?
What happens if a (diagnosed) psychopath receives Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS)?
What is the difference between grey and white matter in the spinal cord?
Who is a more accurate representation of 90% brain usage, Lucy or Deathstroke?
What are some career paths for an undergrad major in neuroscience?
How can I reach full consciousness or focus while doing anything?
How can I treat brain damage in dogs?
How do I become a neurologist with a degree in neuroscience, UK?
Explain why a change in extracellular Na+ did not significantly alter the membrane potential in the resting neuron?
What makes our brains different from a computer? What feelings are in our brains that a computer doesn’t have?
What is the difference between Deja-Vu and Nostalgia?
How do you cure synaptic fatigue?
How are our brains like muscles?
At random times of the day I experience random periods of apathy and emotional blunting, what is happening in my brain?
Is it possible to predict the future with deja vu?
What are the recipes that can keep my brain healthy and active? What foods, daily habits, activities or any thing else can be used for this?
Does meat eating have anything to do with the evolution of the human brain according to research?
How do neurons change information?
Can children recall abstract memories of a developing perception?
Does a computer similar to a human brain is possible?
Who should I see for a brain tumor, if hospitals refuse to see me?
What is the pathophysiological progression of short term vs. long term compression of a nerve?
How does a programmer assign a chunk of memory to himself for creating an application on that chunk without causing any sort of memory leakage?
Is full recovery possible from mild carbon monoxide poisoning?
Why are Scientists say your “mind” isn’t confined to your brain, or even your body?
How does the brain reason about paradoxes?
If I put my brain in another brain, would I feel different?
What does a brain zap feel like?
Why do I keep getting a frontal lobe pain?
What were you doing when you last experienced deja vu?
Waking up from a coma, can you remember events leading to the coma?
What are neurons stimulated by?
How do the different parts of the brain dealing with spatial information interact?
In behavorial neuroscience, what is a center-out task?
What are the different levels of brain damage that can be sustained by an adult after near-drowning?
Do young adults who like romance have the type of memories that rely on emotions for long term storage?
How can you get yourself out of the habit of processing every thought consciously?
Why do we assume consciousness?
What tools are used in brain surgery?
What can I do as a cognitive neuroscientist? I don't want to work in academia. I also like behavioral neuro but I am working on my cognitive degree.
Can excessive masturbation lead to pudendal nerve entrapment or Dorsal nerve damage?
Why is Trigeminal nerve called so?
How does the brain process images very quickly?
Does brain work such as reading increase bowel movements?
If all of your autobiographical memories are erased, would you still retain your subjective sense of self?
What actually continues on with us when we die, our consciousness or soul? Are our hearts a part of that journey as well?
What are the branches of the radial nerve?
Would you upload your mind in the future on the internet? Why / why not?
Does adrenaline or dopamine get released during long periods without sleep? I have heard both. Which is it?
Which fields (subjects) are required to learn about cognitive sciences? And what are the other suboptions available in this field?
Which affects human behavior more, brain or heart?
What is the area anterior to the central sulcus?
Why do we have many organs in pairs but only one heart and brain?
How do I hack someone's brain?
How the blue brain is injected in the body?
What will happen if we can make our brain atom into a qubit somehow?
Where does our aesthetic judgement come from?
How is the PhD neuroscience program at IISc? Where can the PhD holder work (academia) in India?
Does marijuana damage the brain?
If someone gets severely hit in the back, right, and upside of the brain, what does it affect?
Which medications potentially correct abnormal activity in the right temporal lobe of the brain?
Can our conscious mind be on overdrive?
When norepinephrine is released in the brain, does dopamine follow suit? Does dopamine get released in stressful moments, as well as adrenaline?
What is the example code used to produce the fMRI artifact in the "dead salmon" fMRI?
Can we induce nerve cells to divide?
At what age does your probability of success decrease for demanding majors concerning cognitive flexibility and personal learning speed?
What are some current theories about noise or "random" neural activity in brain processes?
Is schizoprenia the abnormal continuation of the state of consciousness when dropping off to sleep, where free-association of thoughts occurs?
How do I train my brain to think logically?
According to awdhesh Singh, is there anything known as IQ ? How can some questions determine your brain power?
Is meditation useful for improving memory?
What's the best way to figure out how childhood events are affecting me now?
"Dolphin brains are more structurally complex than humans." What does this tell you?
Is there any reason according to neuroscience for dreams defying logic?
What different stimuli affect performance in sport?
What if consciousness will disappear?
How do you decide that someone is brain dead?
Is it theoretically possible to manipulate the brain to "see" and "hear" things solely with electricity, and thus create memories?
What's the exact meaning of “Keep rolling your eyes may be you will find brain back there”?
How does anyone know that he is conscious?
What creates the conscious self or individual subjectivity?
Can I hack my brain?
As an anesthesiologist, how many levels of consciousness/unconsciousness can you put a patient into?
What is unique about our brains?
Which neurochemicals affect the strength of urges?
Is there any one-brain (no left-right distinction) animal?
How is neurotoxicity for 2-FA/4-FA/4-FMA different from neurotoxicity for amphetamines?
Can we put our imagination or any memories into the computer screen?
Is the process of romanticizing something conscious?
When do you have your first conscious thought?
Is consciousness a continuum throughout different species?
What is humiliation from a neurologic biologic point of view?
How does the brain adapt to the mysterious shakthis?
Can people in comas recognize that they're stuck in a coma/realize they're just dreaming?
Why does my brain feel fried?
Can a worsening eyesight affect cognitive abilities?
Which is better to listen to your heart or your brain?
What is the neurological explanation for why teenagers are so prone to the spotlight effect?
How many signals does my brain analyze at once?
Is it possible to lose memories or start being forgetful because there are memories which you suffer from?
Is consciousness paralocal to casually instantiative material compositions? Where does the mind come from, if not from the organization of matter?
Why I am feeling heavy head and lack of concentration? I also feel like my brain is rotating? What is happening to my mind? Is it tumour?
Can humans feel increased blood flow in a specific part of the brain?
Would you consider erasing memories from your mind?
Is it possible to catch the memories of the brain with the help of a machine?
How do I know whether my physical symptoms are 'all in my head' or a real sign of some underlying/undiagnosed condition?
How can you explain consciousness without God?
Why is neuroscience interesting?
Do we have a general theory for brain?
What are the ratios of the ions that relate to nerve impulses inside and outside of a neuron?
What are the complete set of tools used in brain surgery?
What is synaptic pruning in simple terms?
Which area of the brain is located directly behind the forehead, what are its tasks&functions and how can I train it?
Would you implant a nanotech cell inside your brain which connects you to the internet?
Is our conscious perception of pain in part due to top-down processing?
What about the material causality of the brain causes it to understand the relation between itself & the universe:is science a byproduct of the brain?
Will sustained spO2 of 78% on a ventilator cause brain damage?
What is the function of the sensory homunculus?
What parts of your brain are affected by amnesia? Has anyone ever found a greater success from having been able to "live a new life"?
Will mind uploading be possible in the foreseeable future?
What are some open databases of fMRI data?
Can headbanging cause hemorrhages in the brain?
Can material central nervous system changes be triggered in the body that have no source result or source impact on my brain's ability to function?
Is there a single idea that can kill the brain or possibly cause permanent damage due to its complex nature?
Is there a memory that keeps popping in your head involuntary? How do you fix that?
Is it possible for something to be both conscious and unconscious at the same time?
How dangerous is a left frontal lobe stroke?
My son, 3, suffered a brain injury at birth. He is severely delayed in development. Is there any effective ways to help brain damage?
In Malaysia, is a Bachelor's degree in Social Science (HONS) Psychology acceptable for admission into a Master's program in Neuroscience?
How do I turn my unused brain into a powerful thinking machine?
How does the human brain ask itself questions?
What is the difference between being conscious and scious?
What's the greatest influence neuroscience has had on computer vision and vice-versa?
How do I know if my thought is not source generated by decomposing matter at the bottom of an ocean instead of sourced from activity in the brain?
Can a person suffering from Parkinsons disease be treated by giving drugs such as cannabis which increase dopamine?
In terms of brain injury, what is "rapid deceleration"? I presume this involves more than the forces experienced from simply hard braking in a car?
I have a lot of hate and jealousy for a girl. My ex liked her more than me. How do I get over this?
What is dopamine, and what role does it play inside the brain?
Could there be a historical global consciousness playing out a narrative unconsciously?
What is the function of an astrocyte?
Can the human body or brain 'underclock' themselves in order to conserve energy, in the case of ongoing sleep deprivation?
How does neural electrical activity and synaptic chemistry give rise to such specific subjective properties?
Do former patients of reversible split-brain experiments remember what it felt like during the experiment?
Could someone tell of how Wicca is related to shamanism/altered states of consciousness?
Is there really any person or Baba in India who can cure my sister of brain injury with his powers?
Are thoughts and feelings 'behaviours' like physical actions?
Does privacy (or lack thereof) affect sensitivity, aging, or memory?
What part of the brain do we not know about and why is that?
How can you prevent getting a left frontal lobe stroke?
Is there a cache memory in our brain?
Do our beliefs inform our behaviour or do they attempt to explain it?
What do fMRI researchers do with old fMRI data after finishing their papers?
Is happiness and contentment just chemical and electrical processes in the brain and if so could happiness be theoretically artificially manufactured?
How does the brain say "No."? What happens neuropychologically when we decide to decline?
Why isn't dreaming considered a conscious state?
Would humans be conscious without a cerebral cortex?
How do I find a clinical magnetic resonance spectroscopic thermometry (MRSt) brain scan?
Is it possible to derive pleasure from things that do not cause a response in a person's brain chemistry?
What causes a left frontal lobe stroke?
What are the damages caused by loneliness?
Should capital punishment be withdrawn from age 18 to 20 since the brain is still developing for some?
What controls memory in the brain?
Has anyone tried the brain balance program for autism?
What if everything we saw was an illusion made by our brain?
Which ear is more closer to brain?
Is your subconscious much smarter than your conscious self? Is this what is meant by "having good intuition"?
Is it true that those people, who dream more, have higher IQ, than those who don't?
Will motor neuron disease ever be curable?
If reflex action does not occur in a man, then which part of his nervous system is damaged?
How many different mental commands can a Direct Neural Interface (BCI) detect without conflicts through electroencephalography?
What part of the brain processes short term memory?
What are some tips for fooling our brain to divert from doing bad things?
Is the human brain psychic?
Do you have sometimes so many thoughts that you are not certain if your thought is a memory or just figment of your imagination?
What functions do the autonomic and somatic nervous systems serve?
Are there any medicines to improve hearing neurologically?
Can I publish a paper about a hypothesis without any empirical studies to back it?
Why do whale have such small brain compared to their masses and what would a whale with a human-porportionate brain look like?
Is it ever possible to completely eliminate bias from consciousness? Are all forms of consciousness created by varied kinds of (non) embodied bias?
What does brain food really mean?
What can be said of people with borderline personality disorder from a neuro scientific viewpoint?
Is it possible that Human consciousness is a byproduct of an alien hylozoic technology?
Does fainting occur before brain damage when O2 sats fall?
Are emotions unnecessary, as a working brain and body tend to have less emotions?
Can exposing oneself to triggering memories (on MDMA) help accept the existence of these memories?
Does consistent pupil dialation indicate the high engagement of system 2 of the brain?
If there is little to no congenital neurological difference between men and women, where does transgenderism stem from?
Do I lose brain cells when I am emotionally stressed?
Why can't we extract information electronically from the human brain?
Is Epilepsy linked to greatness?
Can someone replace MRI images instead of fMRI in his research?
How does speculation change our brain chemistry? What is the difference between contemplative acts and physically engaging types of adaptation?
Can I take Adderall with weight loss supplements?
Does Alzheimer's or dementia affect muscle memory?
Do memory loss occur due to depression?
Will we create a fully self-conscious AI before we fully learn our own human brain?
What is a treatment for the brain disease, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, anywhere in the world?
How would you refute panpsychism? I am looking for a critique against the concept of consciousness being a fundamental property of matter.
How have the new scientific findings about the human brain been used in mathematical models of human brain operations?
What do brain scans of untreated chronic sleep apnea patients look like relative to normal?
What are my chances of getting into Uiuc for neuroscience/psychology?
How does synaptogenesis increase brain density?
What book can I can read to know the most of how brain works?
Can occipital neuralgia cause brain fog?
What is the receptor of HBV?
Why there is an excess of synapses at birth, and why does so much pruning occur?
Does cerebral concussion affect intelligence?
Can a teenager’s prefrontal cortex develop faster than other teenagers’? And if so, what causes it?
I'm a 21 year old girl in college and have an extremely obnoxious, disinterested, broken-up, and generally awful voice. How do I refine it?
On average, which alphabet is used most often on a QWERTY keypad?
What are the capabilities of fully developed brain?
How do I retrieve 2 years worth of memory without .NET and what is the Java or Phython code for this retrieval?
Can an Amitriptyline/Elavil adverse reaction cause a brain tumour?
What is craniata of the brain?
What happens to my brain when I speak in these different scenarios and how can I reprogram my brain?
What can I do to enter another persons subconscious mind?
Why does the polluted blood never go to the brain?
Sometimes, during meditation, my peripherals are observed with equal attention. Is this a specific phenomenon?
What is the difference between a neuron and a nerve?
Is it possible to cure paralysis that is occurred by Brain hemorrhage?
Is it possible to elicit the cold caloric vestibular response with ice packs to the mastoid process?
Is it possible for individual consciousness to intentionally (and subjectively) override collective reality without loss of sanity?
How do I overcome memory loss?
Would having a male heart and female brain delay age-based cognitive decline or affect the cardiovascular relationship with APOE?
How does a bladder infection cause memory loss?
What are the symptoms of low latent inhibition?
How did the use of psychedelics influce the development of the brain during the Stone Age?
What evidence is there that in the absence of symptoms, your brain will compensate for underlying conditions that threaten itself for longevity?
Is it possible that thought is not located in the brain?
Why do some people have the inability to visualize images?
Would you rather have a video of you getting beat up go viral or your sex tape leaked?
What steps should I take if I want to develop my brain to the maximum?
What causes tingling in the brain?
Can a person specialise in neuroscience after obtaining a degree in computer science engineering?
What are the best 20 neurobic exercises to do regularly?
Is the problem of consciousness NP-Complete?
Does science concede that there are levels of consciousness? How does modern psychology determine the levels of consciousness?
What are our tacit assumptions about the character of human consciousness in relation to other forms of consciousness? IE Animal rights, AI, etc.
How does cognitive function and memory vary between elderly women who had children and those who did not?
Can one hear delta brain waves through isochronic tones?
How do we use 100% of our brain through yoga and meditation?
Can people with eidetic memories experience blocking or recall issues?
What are the effects of a small cortical contusion?
Why am I having internal tremors?
What happens when somebody accesses his subconscious mind?
What is the Cortices Technique?
How is it that we forget so much of childhood- why is the human mind not designed to remember all aspects of its existence like a computer might?
Are there any human studies showing that liposuction increases cognitive function and memory in people, as it does in mice?
How much of a voltage signal, as it pertains to data, can the human brain process per second?
Is everyone equally intelligent, or is there always some difference in the grasping and brain development from person to person?
What supplements can increase sensitivity of alpha-adrenergic receptors for catecholamines to increase lipolysis?
Is it possible that someone can listen to what we say in our minds?
How strong is CMU in neuroscience?
How can I make up for all the damage I've caused?
When will selective memory erasing be a real medical operation?
Is there any recent findings saying bottom-up in brain occurs as an error back-propagation scheme?
Is a person, physiologically, composed of just nerves?
Can the human brain and senses be enhanced?
Are there any books related to the topic of Westworld like A.I human consciousness?
How long does the review of a research manuscript at European Journal of neuroscience normally take?
Do you know of any correlations with a person's individual alpha frequency (IAF)?
What do you think about the genomics study that indicated at least 100 standard deviations above the mean was possible?
Why does the brain like music?
How do I cure brain fog and lack of raw speed in computation e.g. I can't do addition of large numbers as fast as I want?
Can an allergic reaction to a drug cause a brain tumour?
How do you measure dopamine levels? ﻿
What happens neural-biologically when two competing ideas are clashing in your head?
How much atoms contains a neuron?
How do I recall memories that are buried deep?
Is beauty essentially fundamentally based in how synapses fire in the brain? Can we reduce aesthetics to computational criteria or not? Why/Whynot?
How come we can feel pressure in our brains when we think too hard?
How does consciousness work in reality?
How can I learn more about neuroscience/psychology as a teenager?
What are some examples of memories associated with vehicles?
What does a coma do to your body and mental state?
How does ADHD decrease short term memory capability?
What part of the brain is responsible for anxiety and anxiety disorder?
In what country is the treatment of brain disease with marijuana normal, according to the local law?
Which brain regions activate when we don't understand something or have frustration while learning something?
Is there something wrong with my brain or am I just over thinking things?
How confident is neuroscience (especially for fields much related to brain) nowadays? How do other science fields regard it?
What is the neuroscience of meditation/spirituality?
How much interindividual variability is there in thalamic reticular nucleus (TRN) neuronal projections, relative to neurons elsewhere in the cortex?
My IQ is ~130 (not sure if it matters), why am I experiencing brain fog?
What are the differences between the depolarization and repolarization of a neuron?
Why does the brain associate present situations with past? How do we change or remove the associations?
If you had complete information about all the neurons in someone's brain, could you read their thoughts?
Are the brain stock and the brain stem the same structure?
What are the different possibilities of a 100% utilised brain?
How do you treat a tingling in the brain?
If we were raised from birth in a sensory deprivation chamber, would we have the capacity for imagination?
Is there a real picture of the cells and synapses in the brain receiving and sending neurotransmitters like serotonin?
How can a left parietal lobe infarct lead to death?
Is it true that we don't ever forget a memory, it's just that the connections between the neurons that create the memory weaken?
Which are the molecular mechanisms to explain the transmission of instinctive preferences, neurological networks and organs structure?
What can be achieve through neuroscience?
Why does a child's brain stop working properly when the child is tired or sleepy?
Can I pursue a neuroscience career by applying GRE?
What are some beginner books for behavioral neuroscience?
How difficult is it to get into a neuroscience program in Germany?
Any insights on how we get such strong biological responses from mundane activities, such as an adrenaline rush from sleeping past an alarm?
Does lithium make you feel brain dead?
For an action potential, when the sodium ion channels open, does the sodium ion equilibrium potential increase due to increased membrane permeability?
How far is mindfulness scientifically approved?
What are the hypotheses about the astounding brain reduction of modern humans, compared to ancient human fossils?
Is it possible to repair the damage done by youth binge drinking?
How bad does essential tremor get? When is deep brain stimulation indicated?
Is the negative stigma towards psychedelic drugs and its users warranted?
How can I know that my memories are real?
How does a human's brain know what animals are predators? How do we know to fear them?
What part of your brain would you lose 5 cubic centimetres if asked to?
What function do effectors serve in the nervous system?
If MDMA stimulates the sympathetic nervous system, why don't users go into a stressfull fight/flight responce?
Can learning two different things reduce the brain capacity?
What are the 4 main ways of conscious intervention?
What is optic chiasma of brain?
Is the feeling of love based on nothing more than a chemical response in the brain conditioned to perpetuate the species?
Do brainwaves from EEGs contain enough information to infer thoughts and emotions? If not, how much can you infer from them?
Why is hypnosis considered to be an altered state of consciousness?
Can our brains tell the future?
Where do spontaneous thoughts come from?
Have there been any conclusive studies done on the INAH-3 of asexual and bisexual individuals?
Is tissue damage resulting from cerebral hypoxia curable?
How much time is needed for a neuron to move from an excited form to another one?
Is amygdala responsible for exaggerating problems?
What kind of caregiver can help a patient who has suffered from cognition and memory loss?
Does ADHD medication slow brain development in children?
What are some characteristics of efferent neurons?
What causes a left parietal lobe infarct?
How does the average human brain change over a lifetime?
Is it true Steven Hawking uses synagenIQ to boost his cognitive function?
Can memory loss/amnesia cure existential depression?
Can CPH4 really increase our brain’s capacity? If not, then how can we increase our brain capacity?
Can we create a “consciousness” similar to an animal?
What functions do nicotinic acetylcholine receptors serve?
What degree should I get before going to graduate school for neuroscience?
What is the history of neuroscience? What is its most influential finding?
What do the neurotransmitters dopamine, serotonin and norepinephrine do? Why are they important?
How does taking lithium impact cognition?
If our brain becomes desensitised to serotonin flooding (MAOA gene fault), why doesn't it become desensitised to dopamine flooding in schizophrenia?
Can music really heal our brain?
What are some facts of the nervous system?
Why is there a space between my brain and skull?
What happens in neurons on the atomic scale after an action potential was triggered?
What things directly align with pleasure to the brain?
Is there any treatment in India where damaged brain cells can be reversed using stem cells present in brain for adults?
Does 84% oxygen saturation cause brain damage?
Are stem cells present in brain? If yes, can they be used to regrow damaged brain cell in adults? Are there any successful treatment history for this?
Are there any films related to hippocampus damage?
What are good career paths/occupations for those with short-term and long-term memory loss?
Is it possible to store limitless knowledge in the brain?
Does our brain work on energy given by fructose?
What happens when a 5-year-old meningitis B patient wakes up from a month-long coma?
What is the current situation on the knowledge about V3 and other visual areas like V4/5/2 in the Virtual Cortex?
Is there a secondary virtual universe in the minds of people created from their memories and experiences?
What happened to my feelings?
Which instrument is use to see and capture live pictures of inside brain and other organs?
What ways can I develop logical brain in me?
What changes would occur in a person, if he has only one half of the brain?
How does knowledge affect our response to stimuli?
Do neurons travel to the synapse or do they already exist in the synapse waiting to get charged with a memory?
When a human is born, what information/knowledge does he hold consciously or subconsciously?
How do brain cells function?
In the book "The Secret Life of the Mind" by Mariano Sigman, he claims to be capable of controlling the temperature of his finger. Is this possible?
What does age have to do with neural plasticity?
Where is the human brain getting its thinking from?
What prizes are awarded for contributions to Cognitive neuroscience?
What is the way to reach the limits of human brain?
If we can control our conscious mind and our subconscious mind while being awake, then how can we control our unconscious mind while sleeping?
What is nerve impulse mechanism?
Why do I have no sensation of hunger?
How do I make a brain exam for curiosity?
Does Facebook and social media affect the IQ Level?
What is a neurotransmitter? What is its function in the brain and in neurotransmission?
If sensory neuronal impulses are all identical, how does the brain interpret one as auditory, another visual, another odor, etc?
What is “synaptic” in Ubuntu?
When someone feels like they have been brainwashed, is their brain still working or is it taking a rest?
When you are not able to hear anything during sleep, how does our brain wake up when hearing the alarm sound?
What sources of funding are available for a PhD scholarship in Cognitive neuroscience in the US?
How do neurons capture memory information and send it to be stored?
How can you treat a frontal lobe pain in the right side?
Can a body with only a brain, a heart, lungs connecting through veins and neurons be a living thing if all parts in the system function well?
Why is the brain convoluted?
How do brain transplants work? From my understanding of the brain, cells can't survive long outside of the brain. How are "thoughts" preserved?
If relocating is not an issue, which is the best place to do academic research in cognitive neuroscience, the US, the UK, or another European city?
What causes the right side of my brain to hurt so bad?
Does the human brain know it own future in death?
Why is muscle tone increased in an upper motor neuron lesion?
Am I right to say the human brain must function like the computer or he would not be able to build it?
What are some examples of variations among neurons?
What is the link between psychiatry and neurology?
Can the force of a hard impact on your own fist when training in boxing cause brain damage?
Why does our brain turn words into imagined scenery when reading?
How can you obtain funding from a private company for a PhD project in Cognitive Neuroscience?
What isdiscovery of a giant neuron could help explain how the brain creates consciousness?
Why do eyes have bipolar neurons?
Where should I submit an hypothesis about decision making in the human brain?
What is the main role of parvalbumin in the cerebral cortex?
What is a more beneficial career path, physics or neuroscience, UK?
What is the way to keep your brain working under immense pressure?
How can some immature brain cells produce a tumor?
Why do we assume consciousness is binary?
How can we be more in tune with our subconscious mind?
Can someone have pure hallucinations, as in continuous total hallucinations with no sense of reality?
What kind foods can help with dopamine regulation (normal levels)?
How can I prove memory?
What is the relationship between thought (consciousness) and time?
Are human the only animals that can use ketone bodies to fuel the brain?
Does narcissism disappear with age-related cognitive decline?
Is lust wired in our brains, and if so, why is it considered bad?
If a computer could emulate the human brain, would it be considered consciousness?
Has the mirror neuron always existed?
Is there a medication free way to slow down gut motility for my IBS-D?
What is the most effective way to get a scholarship for a PhD in cognitive neuroscience in the US?
How do the muscular and nervous systems compare and contrast?
Can ritalin causes a high?
Do the appetite-suppressing effects of amphetamines more than make up for their neurotoxicity in determining their long-term effects on brain decline?
Can consciousness exists outside of our brain?
What are some good books about the brain?
Why is the sciatic nerve so thick? Does it carry many more neurons?
Does using brain for intense calculations consume energy?
What types of jobs are available that deal with neuroscience and human behavior but don’t require a grad degree?
What is it like to lose all of your past memories?
How do I cure my brain fog.I'm in 12th and need help?
How can I use my subconscious mind to help me remember things better?
What is the the weirdest thing someone has died from?
Why my brain/mind doesn't support my ambitions?
Does the brain rest while we sleep listening to music?
Is mathematics real or is it just how our brain percieves reality?
What are some good examples of stimuli and response?
How do I learn to be more conscious?
How can I use my subconscious mind for a better memory?
Why do some people get too much of deja vu?
What are some foods and nutrients that improve Myelination?
What is the importance of collective consciousness according to Émile Durkheim?
Where are the other senses referenced in sensory memory?
Can you recommend any books on neuroscience/psychiatry that are similar to what Daniel Pierce from Perception might have written?
Where is the best school for neuroscience?
What do you think about Miguel Nicolelis and Ronald Cicurel's Relativistic Brain Theory?
How does meditation helps deal with anxiety and anxious thoughts from the neurophysiological perspective?
Is there a known relationship between body silhouette in adulthood and proteins in the brain (correlated with APOE)?
Can someone have low serotonin and high dopamine levels at the same time? What disorder would be caused by such circumstances?
Can you split your consciousness?
How can I increase my logic and brain?
How does the information gets stored in cd and memories?
Have you completed TMS (transcranial magnetic stimulation) and not seen any improvement and if so, what did you do as your next step/treatment?
Is it possible to increase working memory and pattern recognition by reading and playing Dual N-Back for an hour each day?
How can I be better at navigating? What can I do to train my brain to be able to find my way back to where I started in an unfamiliar area?
What is the relationship between day-night successions and the memory?
What areas on our head are commonly hit in a bicycle crash?
What happens to your brain after one week of strictly uninterrupted reading?
Is there any evidence that psychedelic use can affect the brain development of an adolescent in a negative way?
Can impulses between nerve ends be transmitted through light rather than chemical molecules?
How do you punch out the main nerve centers in his body?
Brain processing speed. Would a diet rich in omega-3 help improve my myelin sheath quality?
What is the dominant brain wave using EEG?
Is carfentanil lethal enough for being a nerve agent?
How does the brain behave when solving problems?
Is secretion of dopamine under the person's control?
Do chemical changes in the brain cause depression or does depression cause chemical changes in the brain?
Which is a better degree to have - neuroscience or computer science?
Do people with neuropathy lose all function of their hands?
What area(s) of the brain is related to dependency issues and disorders?
What is split brain study?
Is it possible to, without removal or lobotomy, eliminate one side of the brain's functions, to embolden the other? VIA chemically.
Does any part of your brain control growth physically? And if so which part controls what?
What are ECG, EEG, and EDA readings?
What is the best evidence that sense phenomena represent a virtual reality representation rather than the direct real thing?
What is the structure of a thought?
Could probiotics help with chronic brain fog?
What do good dreams mean? How can I be sure about this?
Does creating neural networks require knowledge of human brain or nervous system?
What resolution would be required to have a clinically valuable model of the human brain?
How does cognitive neuroscience contribute to educational psychology, specifically in the matter of academic performance?
Why am I not experiencing deja vu now?
Who is in control; our brain or consciousness?
Why isn't brain transplant possible yet?
What is the difference between creating and caretaking? And how can I let go of the stuff that I have created and be a little less conscious about it?
Are you aware that March is Brain Injury Awareness Month?
What is it like to have both Auditory and Visual primary communication systems? (Cetaceans)
Is it possible for our brain to think of nothing?
How is the prospect of neuro-cognitive science research in Indonesia?
Could someone explain why during an extracellular stimulation the axon is less affected?
What if our brain had only one neural pathway?
Do people with amnesia lose their personalities?
Is it possible to form memories as a baby?
If consciousness is an emergent property of the brain, what and how is this accomplished?
If you lose your right arm and train yourself to use your left arm, is this condition known as neuroplasticity?
Is seratonin a hormone or a neuro transmitter?
Why does vasogenic edema occur in white matter especially?
Is there any risk of brain damage resulting from vibrations being transmitted through the skull as a result of using electric hair clippers?
What are the relationships between neuroscience, cognitive science, cognitive psychology, neuropsychology, and biopsychology?
Did ancient people have bigger brains?
Can I say that I am a neuroscientist if I am a neuropsychologist?
How is reading a magnetoencephalogram different from reading an electroencephalogram in the clinical setting?
Can starvation/malnutrition lead to permanent brain damage?
Do people with big or long heads have big brains?
Why does vitamin B12 deficiency cause neurological damage such as polyneuropathy?
Is nymphomania a real disorder? If so, does it originate from the brain or the genitalia?
How does fluoride cause damage to the nervous system?
What alpha wave is very useful for students?
What is the concept of autophosphorylation and how it is important in receptor tyrosine kinase signalling.?
What happen to students and their grades when using Internet before studying/learning?
Does people with bigger head have bigger brains?
Are lignans good for you?
If the prefrontal cortex or brain isnt fully developed until age 25, then should anyone under 25 be allowed to drive or vote or drink?
Does alprazolam have a negative effect on memory consolidation if taken for sleep?
I'm 40 and scored low on an online cognitive function test. The test is normally for 50 to 70 year old. Should I be tested for neurological diseases?
Why do we want more of what makes us happy/calm?
Why does high dopamine combined with low serotonin causes anxiety?
Can I get a Ph.D. in health sciences after graduating from Med school with an undergrad in neuroscience?
Is Dehaene's "global neuronal workspace" the leading model for consciousness among neuroscientists today?
If you were to take certain memories of things that happened in your life and you put them in a flashback before you die like in the movies, which memories would be there?
Has anyone ever had a brain tumor removed with no complications at all?
Can nerve damage to L4 and L5 affect the dermatomes in your feet?
How can I go into neuroscience after going into non-science subjects?
Who has the best brains in India?
Should I be worried about my brain?
Does pre-pubertal malnutrition cause permanent brain damage?
How does sex affect memory?
Is Gomia Relived in coma?
I think I hit a nerve when injecting into my inner elbow. How can I be sure?
Is their a chemical reaction in the brain that is the cause for " crazy eyes"? If so, what is it?
Are there medications that can help with symptoms of Sensory processing disorder?
How can I wipe porn out from my brain?
What is the medical definition of an axodendritic synapses?
How does a tree produce fruits without a central brain to mix different chemicals in the correct ratios?
Can a human memory store and retrieve as much information as a computer does?
I see a lot of brain healing music and all in YouTube. Are they really effective or just fake?
What are the reasons behind a sudden brain haemorrhage?
Can a brain aneurysm be cured by medication?
Is it possible to selfshoot in the brain twice?
Is it reasonable to identify System 2 of Dual Process Theory with the Executive Functions in the brain?
Why do most electronic timbres sound less pleasing than acoustic ones?
Could alterations in our Inputs be What causes mental issues?
Cognitively speaking, how does a brain compare in functioning and performance while undernourished vs well-(and over?) nourished?
Is there any point in going back to university when you have a middle-aged memory/brain?
What are some best ways to develop and enlarge my brain?
Why don't I have memories?
What texts present detailed theories on the evolution of mind from the earliest single-celled stimulus-action to modern humans?
Why would the Navy refuse a medical discharge to someone with a brain tumor?
Have the profs or students of CMI contributed anything to curing cancer or understanding the human brain from a mathematical point of view?
If there is no self, does that mean that the observer in my brain won't be the same in 5 seconds?
Are deep learning algorithms being applied to fMRI technology?
Would you rather have ancestral memory or perfect memory?
Does daily problem solving reduce brain aging?
Can neurotransmitters help you to become fearless?
When human intelligence can be determined by brain scans, what will this mean for our future and for humanity?
Which type of neuron among the multipolar, bipolar and unipolar is the most abundant in our body?
How advanced is Openwater's project now, with the technology which is meant to let us see the inner workings of the body and brain at high resolution?
I have a burning desire to learn and understand everything and everyone. Why?
From which phyla the development of brain take place?
If humans didn't undergo neurogenesis but had a higher rate of neural branching what affects would that have on our biology?
Why do I remember some prior part of our dreams then forget the latest part?
What are some misconceptions about hypnosis?
Is the bat brain closer to rodents or primates? Which is a better control model in comparison to bats?
Why will everyone lose the ability to use their hands, in their lifetime?
What are the molecules that are similar enough to a neurotransmitter?
Which sub branch of neurosciences shall I opt in my masters for doing research on neurodegenerative diseases?
What are the chemical effects of THC on neurotransmitters like dopamine and GABA?
What is an explanation of action potential as it relates to neuroscience?
Have you heard about this Quranic verse which says: lying and sinful forelock?What do you think ?
Writing with left hand make my right brain active, is it true?
Lately, I’ve been waking up with my arm feeling totally gone. No pins or needles, just gone. What might be wrong with me?
Does the physical size of a human brain affect intelligence?
Is it possible to move the brain nearer to the heart and fortify them both?
How does Dr. Mary Jepsen’s, Openwater, Wearable MRI, enable brain stimulation as well as recording?
Is masturbation dangerous for brain?
At what speed can the brain process words?
How is electrical stimulation (peripheral nerve stimulation therapy) applied for nerve repair?
Is bioengineering a good undergraduate major to prepare for neuroscience in graduate school?
Do we have technology to decipher a just born infant's brain?
What are the benefits of a well-ordered mind?
Is there light picked up by the rods in human eyes but not the cones? How does the brain process this if it happens?
Can we induce neurons to divide somehow?
Does resisting temptation provoke a dopamine response?
What is the impact of GABA neurotransmitters on dopamine when someone smokes cannabis?
If for some reason something made a hole from my brain to my feet the size of an atom, what would happen?
What would you do if someone close to you, e.g. a spouse or parent, was declared brain dead, but their body was still being kept alive by machines?
What is the sensory input of the nervous system?
How can I train my brain to have a positive outlook?
My doctor said that ADHD is permanent and can never be cured. Is this true?
Is it possible to simulate consciousness without self awareness?
How do atomized versions of nerve agents work?
When we connect neuroscience to dreams, are we becoming a bit closer to "less" speculation?
Are there any neurological benefits from listening to Quran?
Do several branches of one axon attach to several dendrites of one neuron? If so, why?
How can I train my brain to keep up during restaurant rushes?
How can I stop talking inside my brain?
What is the scientific name of the midbrain?
Is the flow of time from past to future an actual phenomenon, or is it just something our brains have constructed to make sense of the universe?
If music's said to increased dopamine levels, what's going on in the brain with Gloomy Sunday?
If a detailed scan of my brain was sent to space as a radio transmission, what are the chances an ET would get this signal and wake me up there?
How does the brain prevent runaway neural activity or dying neural activity?
Why do some people react like as if god came to their body?
How far has Deep brain stimulation come, and can it be used to harm?
What happens if you damage your temporal lobe?
Is there a field of study that examines the "shapes" of thoughts? What is it called?
How does neuron fires in our brain when we think?
Is it possible to decode the mystery regarding the entire functioning of the human brain?
What is some important recent research on dreams?
Is modern western civilisation dominated by left brain?
When should we take GATE coaching?
What does it mean when a muscle does not respond to electrical stimulation?
How does meth use cause permanent brain damage?
Which is the better double major for computer scientist, Biology or neuroscience?
How one shall keep one's brain sharp?
What are the roles of each section of the brain?
How does drums benefit your brain?
Is it possible to have thought-like hallucinations, or is it always inner monologue?
What is the brain's chemical response to gaming addiction? How can one realize how pointless it is?
What is the prevailing neuroscience based theory on the formation of ideas?
What information do you need to establish whether a synapse is excitatory or inhibitory?
Does a ketogenic diet affect your brain positively and heart negatively? Or vice versa?
Why does our perception of time differentiate with states of consciousness?
What is like to double major in Computer Science and Neuroscience?
Can administration of two atypical antipsychotics at a time for 2 months induce a significant glutamate excitotoxicity?
How does a resting state fMRI differ from a task-dependent fMRI?
Can epilepsy be diagnosed in children less than10 years?
How can I get off stimulants in the middle of a school term?
In the Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, and electrical therapy, is research available on mineral supplement controls?
What's it like to be in a medically induced coma?
What is the medulla oblongata's function?
Is it possible to stop taking meds for my type of epilepsy?
Is what we call neuroplasticity observable in the brain stem or only in more recently evolved areas of the brain?
How do I overcome negative biasing of brain?
Which is fastest way to reprogram our subconscious mind?
Why do I feel like my brain is more active at night?
I uploaded my consciousness on the web. How can I get it back?
What is the difference between selection and Instruction in neuroscience?
What are some characteristics of the different types of neurotransmitters?
Is development of subconscious mind in any way related to enhancement of intelligence?
How are our biological brains limiting our ability to make sense of financial markets in the digital era?
Should violent criminals have their brains examined by neuroscientists for structural similarities in an attempt to identify the origin of human evil?
How do the nervous system and muscular system function together?
Why is it so hard to recover from alcoholism?
What precisely is happening in the brain when one does something "stupid" that one should know better than to do?
What’s the source of energy that powers the human brain?
How do you read mercury levels in fish?Halibut has .25-.29 ppm of mercury and 1 ppm=1 mg/l. It’s measured in milligrams per liter, but fish isn't a liquid.
How is short term memory stored in the brain?
Can one get different experiences from the same neurological state or does the neurological state dictate the experience?
What are top 10 brain damaging habits?
Instead of learning memory tricks, can we improve our memory itself and cognitive abilities?
How can I slow down age related cognitive decline?
What are the most basic functions of the human nervous system?
Can my subconscious store memories of events lived by my parents?
What if the evolution trying to make us more enhanced by killing us with diseases and we are trying to stop it by using our brain to invent medicine?
What are two major factors that are involved in maintaining the resting membrane potential in neurolemma?
Which foods are not good for brain?
How do human brain starts fantasizing emotions?
Why do I get brain zaps when I stop using crystal meth?
How do the sections of the brain work together?
How does the left side of the brain controls the right side?
What does the frontal lobe specifically control?
Does our Brain or Genetic code store more information?
For neurons, is there a process similar to motor unit recruitment?
What is a brain injury case manager?
What are some of the neurological changes that occur in the brain after an addiction forms?
Why is the peripheral portion of brain grey in colour?
At what age did you have your first memory?
What are the recovery chances of a patient having a brain stroke on both sides of the brain?
Would it be possible to transplant Einstein's brain into someone else's head so he could continue the good work?
What is the mechanism of action of mgSO4 in preventing brain damage in birth asphixia?
What is the difference in function between ophthalmic nerve, optic nerve and oculomotor nerve?
What part of the brain is responsible for the control of sight?
How do I measure adenosine in brain?
What are some activities that engage the right brain?
What are your results on the Cambridge Brain Sciences test?
At what speed and bandwidth does communication happens between two neurones in a human neocortex?
Is it legal for an adult to transplant his brain to a child like body?
How do ketogenic diets affect sensory systems, attention-processing, perception, and memory?
How can I stop worrying about my own ability to avoid danger?
What are the two types of nerve processes?
Why are we not taught about how our brain works in school (e.g. biases and heuristics, thinking, fast and slow)?
What exactly do place cells code for? How specific are they: for example, do they tell you what city you are in or what part of a room you are in?
Why do humans seek hypofrontality?
Which is the better double major for computer scientist, Biology or neuroscience?
Would someone experiencing intense grief show a similar PET scan to someone with depression?
How are fear and ego interlinked?
Can brain waves be off sometimes?
What happens to your brain when your eating while thinking?
Why do I have brain fog and feel like nothings real?
Is it possible to stop taking meds for my type of epilepsy?
How do you improve your brain enormously through hard work and without using drugs?
What are the main differences between white and gray matter?
How exactly is a child's brain different from an adult's?
How do you find the posterior commissure inside the brain?
What is the difference between selection and Instruction in neuroscience?
If one had no sensory input and no memories (or ability to form them) are they conscious?
Can we have multitasking brain?
What are top 10 brain damaging habits?
What are the most basic functions of the human nervous system?
What if the evolution trying to make us more enhanced by killing us with diseases and we are trying to stop it by using our brain to invent medicine?
How does the left side of the brain controls the right side?
How badly does a poor diet and energy levels affect cognitive ability?
How can the function of the somatosensory cortex be described?
Why is the peripheral portion of brain grey in colour?
How do I measure adenosine in brain?
What are your results on the Cambridge Brain Sciences test?
Do people know the function that maps brain plasticity to age in a normal brain?
Can intelligence be artificially altered or enhanced?
Does a ketogenic diet affect your brain positively and heart negatively? Or vice versa?
How does watching fights affect your brain?
Is amiptriptyline (Elavil) anticholinergic at 10mg?
What's it like to be in a medically induced coma?
What are some adaptions of nerve cells?
Is it normal to get goosebumps and tingling in the head when experiencing emotionally powerful scenes in books or TV shows?
How does the subconscious mind know what is truth and what is wrong?
I uploaded my consciousness on the web. How can I get it back?
How do the nervous system and muscular system function together?
What’s the source of energy that powers the human brain?
My sister has a brain tumour, could it be cancerous?
Can my subconscious store memories of events lived by my parents?
Is anyone ready to invest on my brain?
Can pseudo-hallucinations become regular hallucinations?
For neurons, is there a process similar to motor unit recruitment?
Is it normal for the professor of Cognitive Psychology for MS’c students to decrease the final grade based on talking in the class?
Is there a part of the brain that is "dedicated " to religion?
Why do humans have two brain halves?
Today my Brain CT Scan done. And I found a point from CT Scan Report named "Plain axial sections of brain were obtain." I want to know. What it mean?
What is the difference in function between ophthalmic nerve, optic nerve and oculomotor nerve?
Can a brief psychiatric rating scale be used on traumatic brain injury patients?
Is amitriptyline or mirtazapine more powerful in regards to their antihistamine effects?
If much of our suffering originates from the ego, then to what basic fear is this "ego fear" connected in the amygdala?
What is the difference between qualia, experience, and consciousness?
If you're looking at a coronal section of the brain, how do you see the difference between the third ventricle and interthalamic adhesion?
What happens when all of the neurons get activated?
Can the nervous system tell the difference between an imagined experience and a real experience?
What are the meninges of the brain?
How can you describe the function of the sensory neuron?
Can fluoride brain damage be reversed if flouride is removed from your body?
Is there a field of study that examines the "shapes" of thoughts? What is it called?
What would the world be like if everyone had very high levels of serotonin and dopamine?
What would be the implications of the newly found method to erase bad memories?
What does it mean if you have a high IQ and EQ?
Is it normal to feel momentary headache-like-swirling after intense deadlift session which happen perhaps from momentary lack of oxygen in the brain?
What does it mean when a muscle does not respond to electrical stimulation?
Is it possible that our brains function by simulating some high n-dimensional brane?
What time it takes to get brain normal after quitting respiredone?
Memory loss at the age of 23? What should I do.?
What is the prevailing neuroscience based theory on the formation of ideas?
What is the medulla oblongata's function?
What happens to someone’s sight and brain after they are held hostage in a dark area for one year?
How do I overcome negative biasing of brain?
What are some characteristics of the different types of neurotransmitters?
Why are our brains wired at night?
Could electrical signals from our body, which contain sensitive information, be a target of future brain hacking?
Should violent criminals have their brains examined by neuroscientists for structural similarities in an attempt to identify the origin of human evil?
How do I convert Neurosky EEG raw data to frequency in order to obtained alpha and beta waves using LabVIEW?
Is there a way to tell if a brain is sleeping/dreaming?
How is short term memory stored in the brain?
How does an action potential occur?
Why do both computers and animals divide memory into short-term- and long-term memory?
How anticholinergic & anthistemenic is 10mg of amiltryptamine?
What are the recovery chances of a patient having a brain stroke on both sides of the brain?
What the popular brain wash method?
Right now I am experiencing an episode of teichopsia. I see scintillating triangles. Why triangles?
At what age does a guy’s frontal lobe become fully developed?
What is the best way to get the most out of your brain?
What is the most powerful part of the brain?
Why are men more affected by orthostatic hypotension than women?
Does Optimism come naturally or can it be learned?
Are there differences in the brain structure between conservatives and progressives?
Can our consciousness be seen?
If exercise stimulates your brain, why are jocks portrayed as dumb?
How can human exceed his brain usage from 10% to 11% or plus?
How one shall keep one's brain sharp?
How does drums benefit your brain?
Would uploading my consciousness kill the original me?
Where can you find preprocessed fMRI data set for Alzheimer's disease?
How do psychedelic drugs expand the brain?
What is consciousness -- and is it true it has been identified?
Can administration of two atypical antipsychotics at a time for 2 months induce a significant glutamate excitotoxicity?
What is like to double major in Computer Science and Neuroscience?
Sometimes when I jump, mostly on trampolines, it feels like my brain hits the lower back of my skull. What is this and why does it happen?
Is it possible for us to extract all our memories and feelings and keep them in an artificial body?
Which is fastest way to reprogram our subconscious mind?
Why does hyperthyroidism lead to diarrhea? Wouldn't that occur with parasympathetic stimulation rather than sympathetic?
How do you read mercury levels in fish?Halibut has .25-.29 ppm of mercury and 1 ppm=1 mg/l. It’s measured in milligrams per liter, but fish isn't a liquid.
What precisely is happening in the brain when one does something "stupid" that one should know better than to do?
What can be the reason for a bad headache after sneezing or exertion, with a history of brain tumors?
My MRI of my brain came out normal but I have issues with speech getting worse and also memory problems. What else could be causing these issues?
Why does low doses of psilocybin affect short term memory?
Is there a link between a change in the physical structure of a brain and a change in personality?
What would this world be like if everyone had high serotonin and dopamine levels?
Why do I get brain zaps when I stop using crystal meth?
What does the frontal lobe specifically control?
Is there anything that the human brain can't understand?
Does our Brain or Genetic code store more information?
Have you heard about the click where you switch your current core value to logic in order to have dopamine released in your brain when acting logical?
What chemical composition causes ego in humans?
What is the mechanism of action of mgSO4 in preventing brain damage in birth asphixia?
How do ketogenic diets affect sensory systems, attention-processing, perception, and memory?
What are the two types of nerve processes?
Which parts of the brain are involved in face recognition?
What can be considered as a sign on brain scan that someone have schizophrenia?
How can I train my brain before 25 which is the average of brain development peak?
What is Moderate cortical and cerebral atrophy, especially pontocerebellar atrophy and frontal lobe atrophy?
Do SSRI or TCI antidepressants mask dementia and other neurological diseases?
Does nick bostrom think it's likely we are brains in vats?
What is artificial memory?
What might the opposite of a sensory deprivation tank be like?
Does PTSD cause memory loss of “bad” events?
What if my memories are only illusions generated right now in my brain?
Are binaural beats considered safe?
Unruptured brain aneurysm filling with blood after pipeline embolization device installed how deadly is th next year?
Does theet brushing stimulate your brain?
What do neuroscientists do?
Why no one talks about heart neurons?
Does Nick Bostrom think we are more likely to all live in a simulation or that the brain in a vat argument is true?
Why will most people lose the ability to use their hands?
Is physical recovery different between brain damage resulting from stroke, from cerebral haemorrhage, from blunt force trauma and from encephalitis?
My head is empty. I don't think. How can I fix this?
Did my technology addiction cause brain damage?
What does escapism do to the human brain?
How is information stored in binary?
Why isn't the neuroscience of Sex differences taught in health & sexuality classes?
How might the structure of our school day be impacting children and adolescents' brain and health? What changes would you recommend?
Why is the peripheral nervous system of a brain black in colour?
Is it possible for people to taste the same thing differently?
Why will most people get Alzheimer's disease?
Hypothetically, if you reset your memory, do you technically become a new person?
How can we demonstrate and perform an experiment of matter consciousness?
Is Subconscious Mind is Million Times More Powerful Than the Conscious Mind?
Apart from music, has anyone with perfect pitch found another way their brain uses the same process to understand things?
How would I know which brain is dominant, right or left? Any test to tell about it? How does dominant brain function more than the non-dominant?
What would happen if a person's brain was utterly overloaded with information?
Is it true that all humans have different brains?
Will science ever be able to explain actual human experience in the brain?
Is there scientific proof of consciousness after death?
How and why would someone have high levels of serotonin?
It is possible to develop a photographic/eidic or what it is called memory?
How does speed affect brain?
Why is the left part of the brain considered the artistic side?
Let's assume we have power of manipulating the data in synapses, if we try all possible data combinations, can we achieve to knowledge of everything?
How does the brain tell whether sound is coming from front or behind?
What name is given to cerebrospinal fluid when it is in the brain?
My brain sometimes feels 'gooey'. What might this mean?
How would my intelligence change if my working memory had 32 gigabytes of RAM space?
Does reductionism leads to a better understanding?
Does viewing drug addiction solely as a brain disease promote social injustice?
Could we transplant our brains into robot bodies in order to gain immortality?
Can you change brain connectivity (e.g. between the anterior cingulate cortex & caudate) using EEG neurofeedback? I know people do with fMRI feedback.
Why is my left carotid pulse absent in my palpation, while it is present in the auscultation and my right carotid pulse is clear? Is that normal?
What are inhibitors and receptors?
Should I become a neuroscientist?
What is the function of dopamine in vomiting?
Do people recover their short-term memory capacity after chronic marijuana usage (5 years and over)?
If you were to rate all the brain's left & right hemisphere functions for most people on a scale of 1-10 what would your ratings be & why?
What if the whole universe is just an illusion of the brain and nothing exists other than your consciousness?
Will tongue-scraping improve my brain function?
What is wrong with my memory?
At what age does the human brain mature?
What causes the chemical reaction causing neuron fire?
What is a garden variety brain tumor?
How does the brain read itself?
Does the supplementation of GABA supplements heal and restore GABA receptors after Benzodiapine use?
Can a hit to arms or shoulders cause brain damage?
Why does serotonin make you tired?
What causes lesions on the plantar nerve?
Does long term marijuana use cause irreversible brain problems?
What do you think about God is in The Neurons?
Is there a scale that helps show how well or poorly varying functions of our brain are doing?
Can the brain solve 2 problems concurrently?
What are some common tips to read other's brain or to understand them perfectly?
How can one heal their own GABA receptors through supplements?
What is brain mapping?
What are some very educational videos that you've enjoyed learning from that helped you learn about the human brain?
Do you think robot can have consciousness like a living organism?
Do the neurotransmitters control us or do we control the neurotransmitters?
Why does déjà vu happen? Where do we see it before it happens?
Is there an app that helps workout varying areas of the brain like we do with the body?
Should I get help for my hallucinations?
What is the epigenetic role behind liver & brain cells differentiation?
What are the main functions of brain tissue?
Does poetry process emotions differently than esp. music or neurology does? What changes in the long run via a poetry vs a neurology approach to emotions?
What part of the brain makes us distinct from other species? Also, what proof is there that we developed it? How do we know if we haven't always had it?
Does the brain of a lower IQ person get tired more quickly when performing a brain intensive task?
What is the best undergraduate major to accompany my neuroscience minor if I have an end goal of developing a way to regenerate the human spinal cord?
Can we ever use our brain 100percent and does it mean after this we cant think?
Can canine spinal tumors (in neck area) move with intense movement and hit a nerve?
Are there new treatments for intractable epilepsy?
Is there any link of masturbation to memory of human?
How can you treat a frontal lobe pain?
What are some best neurology / neuroscience refrences for beginners?
Unlike/like computer memory, how are images, facts, incidents inserted or deleted from Human memory? Has there been a genuine pattern in this?
What is the area responsible for spatial perception?
Which parts of the brain control the learning process? How do they do it?
How do neuropsychology and neurology differ?
What is this problem when a nerve in my arm rises when I write or do something with it?
Why/How is it that my brain knows how my body works/functions but I don't?
Why cannot we built a security system based on our subconscious memory?Is anyone tried before?
What is part of system?
What is the latest research on how brain chemistry is different in psychopaths as opposed to NTs?
Does sleeping with your television on affect your brain?
What are some clues about the existence of the subconscious?
What is the danger of brain cysts?
Is it possible for a speech therapist to do specialisation in neuroscience?
What level of sophistication does a psychiatrist have, compared to a neurosurgeon, when it comes to knowledge about brain function?
How can we prove the existence of our consciousness?
Does euphoria from raised serotonin levels feel different from dopamine-fueled euphoria?
How does the brain signal for hunger?
Due to a brain injury I lost 40 units on the IQ scale according to very intense cognitive testing. How do I not come off as dumb now?
Can any software track radio signal coming to brain?
What are the functions of the brain nerves and spinal cord?
What are some examples of the 4 levels of consciousness?
What is and/or what causes 'decided' memories?
What is the difference between neuroscience, neuropsychology, cognitive psychology, psychoanalysis and neuroanalysis?
How does nicotine effect the human nervous system?
How can I improve memory, the brain's analytical and synthesizing capacity despite having no solution to metaphysics or an electromagnetic field?
Does a diagnostic and treatment option exist for brain damage?
Why is the brain the size that it is when we supposedly use only 10 percent of it?
What is controlled by the right side of your brain?
How do I get over my fear of "putting chemicals inside my brain" when a psychiatrist prescribes me his "brain chemical medicine"?
Which part of the body is responsible for pain?
How is the nervous system related to the endocrine system?
Are there any links between the food we eat and how we think?
What are some non-invasive technologies (or theories) to recording brain voltages that are more accurate (greater spatial specificity) than EEG?
Are you making physical changes to your brain if you are able to make some personality changes via DBT or other types of psychological therapy?
Will it be possible to upload human memory and consciousness, and if that can be fit in another body, will that be immortality?
Which of physics or math require more amount of brain?
What neuroanatomical changes are common with hysteria?
What are astrocytes, ependymals, and oligodendrocytes?
What happens if we stimulate the brain all the time?
How does masturbation on a daily basis affects your brain?
Are sweet memories are important for a life? And why?
Which part of human brain control involuntary functions of body?
Can reading too many puerile questions cause brain damage?
What is going on chemically in our brains when we feel 'good' because we have done something nice for another person?
What is normal for a 17 years old man's cognitive capability?
Can symptoms of a cerebral hemorrhage come and go?
Could glial cells be linked to self-transcendence toward outer eccentric levels of intelligence via codes like charisma, altruism, contemplation, etc?
What is a photostatic memory?
How do I undo the wiring for trauma bonding in childhood?
Are antidepressants' effects on the brain a neuroscience issue or a psychologist's problem?
What is the latest research on brain structure, chemistry, physiology and genetics as well as emerging theories regarding psychopathy?
What "brain washing" techniques are used in modern society?
What does neuroscience say about opsimathy and andragogy?
Are sweet memories important for life?
What is the significance of maintaining a resting potential across the membrane of a neuron?
What is the reason for gender based human brain asymmetry?
What part of the brain is responsible for cognition?
What was your experience with Déjà Vu?
Is L-Tyrosine or DL-Phenylalanine more effective for increasing dopamine?
What is the anatommical difference of a monolingual and multilingual brain?
What is the human consciousness? Is it linked to our self identity?
Could someone else be able to control our brains and feed their thoughts into our brains?
What are the prerequisites for neuroscience?
I am 26 and I feel my brain is not fully opened yet. What should I do?
Can a psychosis be seen on a brain scan?
Why do neurologists denounce boxing as a sport?
What can limit the brain from solving problems correctly?
Why is human mind not satisifed?
I felt a jolt of electricity during blood draw. A week after, theres a tingling and less touch sensations on my wrist. Has a nerve been hit?
Does love make the brain memory weak?
Is there a way to alter my memories?
Do you think that in the future it will be possible to alter one's brain so you can became an artist, matematician etc.?
Should I be worried if my brain get exhausted over reading or just concentrating on something for a period of time?
Can a new spiritual view arise from natural sciences?
What is the difference in an MS in neuroscience and an MD in neurology?
Can being punched hard on the skull by your wife 10 times a day on a semi daily basis cause brain injury or mental impairment? Can it be permanent?
If a person is decapitated and the head falls to the floor with the eyes looking at its separated body, would the brain have any awareness of it?
Does phosphatidylserine help keeping membrane potential?
What are the functions of the cranial nerves?
What are the negative consequences of bad short-term memory?
Do interneurons all have a similar structure?
How can I exercise or optimize my mirror neurons?
Why do we continue to live after death?
Would there be any long term affects from excessive levels of dopamine in the brain due to a family history of schizophrenia and supporting evidence?
How can I become a case study for an institution regarding brain functions after a traumatic brain injury?
Has there been brain scans done on various personality disorders? If so, what were the results?
Why are medullary pyramids called pyramids when they look nothing like pyramids?
Why is the hippocampus mostly feed-forward?
Why is a lumbar puncture contraindicated in a brain abscess?
What exactly is the defect in brain in a subject who is mentally disabled? (In terms of anatomical and physiological reasons)
How do the reticular activating system and the thalamus relate?
Why most of the dry weight of the brain is fat and in what form it is stored or made?
Why do we say he/she broke my heart when the real pain is associated with the memories created by the mind?
Why has theoretical physics made far greater progress than theoretical neuroscience?
Can a psychosis be seen on a brain scan?
What is and/or what causes 'decided' memories?
Why is my brain stuck on one event? How can I get out of this situation?
What causes gaps in memory?
What causes brain stem compression?
Does my consciousness arise from my brain and not another brain because the neurons in my brain are connected in a specific way?
Are there new treatments for intractable epilepsy?
How does nicotine effect the human nervous system?
How can someone train themselves to become more "left brained"?
How can you treat a frontal lobe pain?
Does the British Neuroscience Association have any acceleration?
What will be the scope and job prospect after the completion of PhD degree in computational neuroscience apart from academia?
What are some best neurology / neuroscience refrences for beginners?
What parts of the brain are shared with humans and all other vertebrates?
What are the ten levels of altered states of consciousness achieved through recreational drug use?
What does reality look like outside human consciousness?
What is the differnce between synaptic plasticity and neuromodulator?
I've encountered the experience of a person with seemingly perfect non-dual consciousness who misused his attainment for money. Why is this possible?
Why does the cerebral cortex exhibit contralateral control while the cerebellar is ipsilateral? Is there any evolutionary advantage (need to know why, not how)?
Can worrying about having hallucinations actually cause hallucinations?
Are antidepressants' effects on the brain a neuroscience issue or a psychologist's problem?
What is the area responsible for spatial perception?
Do you think that in the future it will be possible to alter one's brain so you can became an artist, matematician etc.?
What is the most difficult thing to understand about the human brain?
What are some examples of stimuli response in nature?
What is controlled by the right side of your brain?
Neurologically speaking, can anyone learn advanced math?
Which parts of the brain control the learning process? How do they do it?
What is conscious?
Does ADHD make you more sensitive to stimuli?
How does hypertension cause cerebral ischemia?
Can we replace brain parts?
What is the effect of excess phospholipids in CSF?
Is it true that, “brains operate with m-volts of electricity. A brain is an antenna or a transceiver that both receives and transmits electrical signals."?
What is the difference in an MS in neuroscience and an MD in neurology?
Can severe depression cause loss of memory and concentration? Is there any way I can get my memory back?
Is there a procedure wherein doctors can zap a part of my memories forever, such as the ones that are debilitating?
How does one rewire the neurons of one's brain?
There are so many myths about epilepsy, is there anything you want to know about epilepsy?
What are examples of hippocampus disorders?
Did you know that combination of drugs may help kill brain cancer?
What is the time required to recover from a brain attack "cva", which magnetic resonance imaging shows that cva not exist anymore, but still confused?
How can elders with any type of moderate dementia pull it together and do "showtime" when they see the doc? Or be okay at some times and not others?
How is the brain able to create images and 'videos'?
What is the reason that oxytocin increases in-group bias, racism, aggression and schadenfreude in people?
Does coding and programming develop a certain part of the brain?
What is part of system?
What is the best suggestion can we give to our subconscious mind?
What’s the link between ant brain intuition, physics, and high human intelligence and intuition?
Are we still ourselves without our memories?
What was your experience with Déjà Vu?
How do neurology and neurosurgery differ?
What is the danger of brain cysts?
What is the difference between super conscious, spontaneous conscious, collective conscious, and ultimate conscious minds?
Is it possible for a speech therapist to do specialisation in neuroscience?
What are some of the activities we can plan for infants using their sensory motor skills?
What are the powers of human brain that most of us dont know?
Which part of human brain control involuntary functions of body?
Alex net has around 100 million parameters, whereas the brain has 100 trillion synapses. Do neural networks need to be bigger?
What are the functions of a reptilian brain?
Why does my processing speed fluctuate?
How can I trick my brain into having objectives in life?
Why are medullary pyramids called pyramids when they look nothing like pyramids?
Can all body cancer be originated from the brain?
What are some of the activities we can plan for toddlers using their sensory motor skills?
Why is the hippocampus mostly feed-forward?
Is our brain capable of storing useful memories?
What are the symptoms of an hyperactive brain?
Can the enteric nervous system compensate for a baby born only with a brain stem?
Does Neurontin cause memory loss as a side effect?
When does the nerve growth stop after brachial plexus injury where there has been no nerve avulsion?
What is neuroscience’s opinion on the human soul?
What is going on chemically in our brains when we feel 'good' because we have done something nice for another person?
How can I ged rid of hypnopompic hallucinations?
What are some examples of stimuli response in animals?
What part of the brain is responsible for the control of memory?
What can you still do if you did not have a brain at all?
If the human brain is so much more powerful then even the best supercomputers, then why is mental math very hard for me, yet so easy for computers?
Why most of the dry weight of the brain is fat and in what form it is stored or made?
Are there any good treatments or upcoming treatments for homonymous hemianopsia?
Why do we say he/she broke my heart when the real pain is associated with the memories created by the mind?
Why has theoretical physics made far greater progress than theoretical neuroscience?
What is my best route for computational neuroscience?
Does hypnosis have the same effect on the brain as meditation?
Is the human brain just a receiver of the spirit?
Why do beta-2 adrenoceptors have an inhibitory effect on smooth muscles?
If an orca brain was successfully transplanted into me what would happen?
Is our brain capable of storing useful memories?
Are there any artificial neurotransmitters?
If you were constantly fed and given the needed nutrients as well as H2O while asleep, would your brain ever wake you up?
How does neuroscience explain intuition?
What are the six types of consciousness?
Can you become less curious after a brain injury?
What is the differnce between synaptic plasticity and neuromodulator?
How do I upgrade my brain's software?
Do you have to remember that you have a memory?
What is it like to have a brain with unlocked potential?
What’s the link between ant brain intuition, physics, and high human intelligence and intuition?
Whats is the function of cotransmitters (e.g. ATP) found within acetylcholine vesicles in neurons?
How does keep information for long time in human mind?
Dreams while we sleep, do they tell us anything or it's just our subconscious mind ie awake &playin with us by makin up a story & shown to us?
What tasks can our brain perform effortlessly?
How does hypertension cause cerebral ischemia?
What do you think about Federico Faggin's idea of consciousness?
How do I start using my brain?
What is the condition of brain called after a) heart revival after 20 mins of cardiac arrest and nil brain response even after 100 hours?
Is it true that, “brains operate with m-volts of electricity. A brain is an antenna or a transceiver that both receives and transmits electrical signals."?
What is like hearing Beethoven with synesthesia?
Is listening to audio at 2 times or 2.5 times speed healthy for your brain?
Can severe depression cause loss of memory and concentration? Is there any way I can get my memory back?
How does Superbrain Yoga work?
Can I consciously eliminate all thoughts. but still be conscious?
Does mind consciousness arise from a specific way neurons are connected together in the brain compared to the consciousness of another person?
Is there an evolutionary reason for why cognitive function improves as a result of continuous physical exercise?
Is there a procedure wherein doctors can zap a part of my memories forever, such as the ones that are debilitating?
How does one rewire the neurons of one's brain?
What do black spots on the brain indicate in an MRI?
Did you know that combination of drugs may help kill brain cancer?
What is your estimate of Bruce Wayne's IQ from Gotham?
What are some common symptoms of a damage medulla oblongata damage?
What part of the brain are involved when cooking?
How can elders with any type of moderate dementia pull it together and do "showtime" when they see the doc? Or be okay at some times and not others?
Which neurological disorders affect males only?
How do I build a strong nervous system in body?
How do hormones work on target cells that have extracellular receptors?
How do I fix a brain?
Why does the brain use only 10% of the human body?
What is the difference between super conscious, spontaneous conscious, collective conscious, and ultimate conscious minds?
What are some of the activities we can plan for infants using their sensory motor skills?
Why do some people feel nothing when they lie?
What is going on in the brain (scientifically and psychologically) when a painting, photograph, vocal performance, etc. touches us to the point of tears?
Do women see better in dim light than men?
What can I do to recall all memory of familiar app?
Could you consciously notice a difference (without help from your surroundings) between having been in a coma for a year or being asleep for 10 hours?
Why does an EMP disable electronic devices but not human brains?
What does hemosiderin deposition in brain occur?
What causes a benign tumor of the membranes around the brain?
What does protease activated receptor in pulmonary epithelium do?
Is there such thing as restless hand syndrome?
How much oxygen does the brain need to stay "conscious"?
Which job oppurtunities neuropsychologiest has?
What are some of the activities we can plan for toddlers using their sensory motor skills?
Do the colors of flowers help boost brain creativity?
How do people that can't use their hand use a knife or other objects?
What effect does lithium have for the brain?
Which career will not only make you use your brain but also use your hands?
Does Neurontin cause memory loss as a side effect?
Has brain damage changed your perception of life?
When does the nerve growth stop after brachial plexus injury where there has been no nerve avulsion?
Can you fall into a coma from a stroke?
What are some brain exercises or activities that improves your reaction time?
What is neuroscience’s opinion on the human soul?
What are the scientific reasons and processes that happen during sleep so that it helps to "engrave" information into the brain/memory?
What is alpha wave and how can we benefit from it daily?
By which mechanism does the brain convert a visual stimulus into an appropriate physiological response, e.g. when a man is aroused by a woman with an hourglass figure?
What part of the brain is responsible for the control of memory?
