Is Nestea Zero (sugar-free) healthy?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
Is a microwaved potato a better source of potassium, vitamin C and other minerals than a banana?
Where do I find the biggest studies on vitamin D?
Which protein supplements are the best for me if I'm not able to meet my daily protein requirements from a natural diet?
How is the Recommended Daily Allowance (dose) of any mineral decided?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
What if I meet my daily protein intake only through whey protein, eggs and chicken, and work out very intensely? Will this give me good results?
Should I be eating food right now? I woke up at around 8 and hungry but eating at night might not be good.
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
Is there any sugar free chocolate available in USA?
What are some physical and digestive features of herbivores that are influenced by their sources of nutrition?
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
What are some strategies to gain weight without eating unhealthy food?
What is the paleo/Mediterranean diet?
Where can I find a good symptom checker for a study question on nutrition?
Why is whey isolate too costly in India?
How does fibre reduce the availability of minerals?
What is the nutrition value of chocolates?
Is there any side effects of vitamin E capsules on hair?
Can any body tell me about best nutritionist in Lahore?
Should I buy casein?
What are the pros and cons of consuming high fiber meats?
Why do some forms of vitamin C cause fatigue and drowsiness?
How many calories should my 12 year old daughter eat per day?
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
How much does having one cheat day a week affect weight loss?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
Can paneer be a substitute for protein powder?
Is it okay to skip dinner and drink milk instead?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
Some say you should eat something when you wake up. Others say drink water, work out then eat. Which is it?
Why is whey protein causing hair to fall out?
How can banana and milk make me fat?
Are Ziploc containers safe for storing food and reheating food?
Can you give me a detailed comparison between fat free, low fat, and full cream products, and which are the best for you, and why?
How do radicals cause cells to age? How and why are they important for our metabolism?
How can I get enough protein as a vegetarian without repeating foods like tofu, tempeh, milk, and beans?
Why is lemon water/green tea causing me to break out?
I want to eat better, healthier food, but whenever I try, I gag and can't get it down. Is there anything I can do?
Why do we have to waste food by throwing away egg yolks? Aren't eating whole eggs a safe way to gain muscle mass?
If you were permitted to eat only one food for the rest of your life or you died, which food would you choose and why?
What do you think about the year-long experiment of eating Omega-3 fish that did not change cholesterol for the better but increased mercury levels?
How do I take care of a patient on a low-sodium diet?
Why is chocolate so high in calories?
After how many days of cholecystectomy can I start drinking milk?
Which fruits contain a lot of vitamin A?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
Is rice a junk food?
What are the top 5 weight loss diets?
Can Vitamin D supplements be given to children?
How many calories are in 1 glass of fruit juice?
Why did you stop your diet?
What diet should we eat daily to lose weight and live healthy?
What are some famous quotes about nutrition?
Will not consuming non-vegetarian food eventually affect vegans/vegetarians in any positive way or negative way?
Should 13 year olds be given vitamins?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
What are the foods rich in vitamin D?
To increase overall serotonin production in the body, what food supplements do we need?
How can a naturally skinny person put on some weight?
What are some good foods to help gastritis?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
What are the benefits of soy protein for weight loss?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
What vitamins are good for dizziness?
What are tigers' nutritional necessities?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
How much skin must be exposed to the sun and for how long to produce appreciable amounts of vitamin D?
What are the best healthy foods to eat in India?
Do various food products really give the health benefits they say on the label?
What is the most nutritious food to feed to hummingbirds?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
As an adult, would it be possible to go back to receiving all nutrients, etc. through your navel?
What foods will give you natural energy and allow you to focus better?
How can I calculate the calories in cheesecake slice?
What changes did you notice in yourself after cutting down sugar intake?
Does the Paleo diet live up to the hype?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
What are the benefits of eating one avocado per day?
Why did Vitamin Water start putting nutrition facts on the bottles?
What is a fish and veggie diet?
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
Can DHEA supplements cause hair loss?
Are there people with awe-inspiring physiques who don't use any supplements whatsoever and consume all their macros purely from their food?
What are the food items for carbohydrates?
How do weightlifters afford to eat enough food?
If I have a mild, easily regulated craving for meat, and if I'm deficient in a nutrient, which nutrient might my body be seeking?
Which supplements, if any, should be taken with a ketogenic diet?
What good food do you recommend I eat to bulk up and gain weight?
What are the best, least expensive solvents for fat soluble vitamins, like vitamin A, D3 and vitamin E oil?
Are food cravings really a symptom of food sensitivity?
Is there an organism that can convert carbohydrates into protein?
Are pickled beets carbohydrate free?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
Can B12 deficiency cause leg pain?
What would happen if Portugal were cold and rainy 200 days per year?
What are the best fast carbohydrates to include in your diet?
What are the most dependable and quality supplement brands?
What is the nutritional value of curd and whey?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
What are the final product of Carbohydrates proteins and fats after their digestion?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
By how much does Omega 3 reduce the common inflammatory markers?
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
Is drinking milk at 2 o'clock in the daytime in the summer harmful?
How healthy are Americans?
What is nutrient flux through an animal?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
What are the reasons for the increase in cholesterol levels in women?
What are the calories in melted butter?
What nutrients is there in corn?
Why is butter good for you, and what are the side effects?
Is dieting or eating less food required by the body, a good thing?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
What food we should eat to live long life?
What's the benefit of white coffee?
What is the best daily vitamin brand for a young woman?
What advice would you give to a person who has to feast on an expensive buffet the next day? What are any tips and tricks to consume the maximum amount of food?
Will I go into starvation mode and stop losing weight on a 1000 per day calorie diet?
If protein was an impurity in the sample, how could one remove the protein to purify the sample?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
What are the calories in a cup of red grapes?
Where can I get genuine ultimate nutrition products in Nagpur or online?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What are the health benefits of eating oranges while pregnant?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
How can I stop feeling hungry on a liquid diet?
What are the benefits of eating a banana for breakfast?
What are the nutritional facts found in a veggie shish kabob?
Where can I buy 100% natural multivitamin supplements in India?
What do you mean by metabolism?
Is protein necessary for loosing weight? If yes, then which type is better: whey or isolated?
What does a workout diet look like?
What foods can I eat to help heal my mouth ulcers?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
How can I get fit and strong though skinny and stop eating junk food? I’m 15.
How can I send clenbuterol powder to a customer safely?
What supplements can you take for thalassemia minor?
Which other dish can replace upma in terms of its nutritive value?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
Is it morally right to drink cow/buffalo milk? I was told that in most cases they are forced to mate with their male counterpart.
Is a sublingual B12 vitamin effective?
What are the nutrition facts about red wine?
What is the best diet eating only cucumber?
Is it possible to have too much fiber?
What is the best way to boost your metabolism before bed?
Does vitamin C in vegetable soup get destroyed or dissolved into the water?
Where do you think vegans get their protein from?
Can I buy whey protein with Sodexo meal vouchers online? If yes, what are some pointers?
I am giving my ringneck parrot milk and curd and cashew as a main food daily. Is it harmful for him?
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
How does the body work (all about food and energy)?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking probiotic supplements?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
What are the advantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
What will happen when we drink pocket milk directly?
What is the diet of a person whose serum total in bilirubins is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
Which is the best time for taking both whey protein and creatine on the same day?
Is this combination of supplements advisable?
Is it safe to take 4 scoops of whey protein per day?
Can fruits clean up our stomachs? Sometimes when I eat something oily, after that I want to have some fruits.
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
Can I reasonably assume that drinking vegetable juice every day will at the very least not be harmful and will provide at least some health benefits?
Is it good to drink evaporated milk three times daily?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
Are there any health risks to eating only from nine to five?
What is the diet for a typhoid patient with jaundice?
Can tooth decay be caused by nutrient deficiency?
What is the best food source of Vitamin D?
What is the diet plan of those guys who uses the gym at home?
Can unhealthy food make you stupid?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
How do I gain weight and what will be my diet?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
What are the symptoms of B12 deficiency?
Which are the best colleges for a BSc in diets and nutrition in India?
Does a combination of whey protein and creatine help in weight loss?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
Is it advisable to brush more than 2 times a day, if our diet contains sticky food such as butter (in breakfast)?
Does lack of Vitamin D result in depression?
What are some good brands of vitamins?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
What supplements (aside from whey and creatine) are best for a highschooler who needs to pile on healthy weight?
How do we digest cow milk?
What are egg whites good for?
Why does sugar intake interfere with dopamine production (or rather absorption?)?
How many Calories (kcal) does the brain need to function properly?
If I have powder sample without any information about it and I want to estimate the total protein containing in it , is there any way to do that?
What are the health benefits found in Domino's pepperoni pizza?
Is salt unhealthy?
What are some signs of an increased metabolism?
Would it be unhealthy to drink 1.5 litres of water at once?
How do I do easy carbohydrate counting?
Is eating ice dangerous for my health?
What three meals will provide, in one day, 100% of the recommended amount of every essential nutrient?
Is VDR Taq dependent on how much Vitamin D you have at the current time or is it the receptor?
Can anyone give me an Indian diet of 4000 calories only for muscle gain with supplements? My weight is 50 kg and my height is 5′8″.
What does protein do to our body?
For vegetarians, is there anything like egg whites that is high in protein and low in fat and carbs?
Which universities are the best for researching nutrition?
How long do vitamins stay in the body?
What brand of normal protein (not whey) powder is good?
Do you think the nutritional guidelines for diabetics should be changed to low-carb?
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
What are the methods to gain weight with whey protein without side effects (vegetarian food)?
Should you eat before bed?
Does dietary potassium pose a cardiovascular risk?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
What is the nutritional value found in Pizza Hut's breadstick?
What can we do to identify fake Optimum Nutrition 10lbs packs?
What food should one eat to repair the damage caused by drinking Coke?
Which is the most polarizing food?
How would my skin be affected if I were to take a megadose of vitamin C?
Which nutrien has more energy and why?
Why have I not been able to think clearly, and why has my memory declined?
What happens if you only eat 1000 calories a day, then do a 500 calorie workout everyday as a fourteen year old girl?
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
What are your top 5 in terms of what you look for in a nutritional supplement?
How do I recover from a severe vitamin D deficiency?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
Enzymes are synthesised in our body but vitamins are not. Why?
If sugar is said to cause wrinkles, does that mean the sugar in fruit does the same?
What are the healthy foods to eat in India?
What foods should I eat to help with fatigue?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
Which brand should I choose for a whey protein isolate?
What is the healthy alternative to carbonated drinks other than fresh fruit juice?
How do carbs help us?
How do I increase fibre in food?
What are the benefits of eating fresh water clams?
Isn't there too much sugar in many food products?
Why do supermarkets sell carrots with and without green leaves on top?
Is there a scientific way to detect the presence of buffalo milk in cow’s milk or buffalo milk in goat’s milk? Fat content can be easily manipulated.
How beneficial is Amway Nutrilite protein powder?
Who are some mental health professionals with a strong background in nutrition?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
What are the essential amino acids for adults?
What is the difference between whey protein and milk protein?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
Does whey protein really help in long term?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
How can I measure the calories in a 500ml beer?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
How can I eat healthy on a budget?
Which is the best junk food?
What are the benefits of refreezing defrosted meat?
Can pregnant women eat potato chips?
What kinds of food are high in lipids, and why?
Is eating unripe cantaloupe safe?
Which vitamins, minerals and chemicals don't require active transport to be absorbed?
What is a diet plan (vegetarian) for losing 12 kgs of weight, if I want to consume 1,200 calories daily?
Is consuming curd with sugar good to postpone periods?
Can you have an intolerance to only milk and not milk products (and only to cold milk and not milk that has been heated up)?
What are the top foods and intakes for better mental development and function?
What does “conc. semi crystalline cane juice” mean?
Does brinjal contain fat?
Is it OK to be on a keto diet for days and go high on carb 1 day a week (so I can eat my favourite sugary desserts)?
Can someone with high cholesterol levels eat scallops?
Is it possible to create such a food which does not have any calories but is able to satisfy hunger?
What is the cheapest diet plan to gain weight as I am a student?
How can I be sure that the calorie count on my food package is correct? Who is responsible for the accuracy?
Which vitamin is associated with carbohydrate metabolism?
Will the world ever come to the point where our only real chance for long term survival requires us to live off a staple diet of Soylent Greens?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
What are the nutrition facts about cannolis?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
Why does sugar taste bad after being sugar free for a few months?
Is my non meat based diet plan right for my weight training?
How can I calculate the calories per scrambled egg?
I’m a skinny guy. Can I take whey protein to build my body along with normal running and playing sports like basketball?
How do I make an egg white omelette?
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
What is toned milk?
How can I calculate the calories in pecan halves?
How can green tea make you lose weight?
What are the similarities between fats and carbohydrates?
How can I measure the calories in a roast potato?
What are monuosaturated fats good for?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
How long does a liquid multivitamin take to build up in ones system and take any effect?
What are the health benefits of eating Apple sauce?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
Does honey cake contain sugar?
Is lactase considered to be a protein?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
What should I eat to get more fat on my body?
What foods would you eat if you were never allowed to brush or floss?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
Which rajma has more protein?
What are good ways to lower bad cholesterol?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Which is the best college for nutrition in Delhi?
Do women who are lactating but not breastfeeding still need to eat more calories?
Me and my wife are vegetarians and in middle 30's. We always feel tired and lack of energy What is the best vegetarian diet to improve overall health?
Where can I find and read scientific researches about nutrition so I am properly informed?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
Does a deficiency of hemoglobin make the body dry, and how can one overcome the deficiency?
Which one is best whey protien in india?
Mechanically, how are cereals fortified with vitamin D?
What are the differences between protein powders and protein contained in food?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
What is the good healthy diet routine?
Last couple of days I have been depressed. Took 10 grams of vitamin D, now schizophrenia symptoms are back. Why?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
What happens when protein powder is mixed with hot milk?
When was the dnaA protein discovered?
What is the best nutritional regimen (food, herbs, supplements, etc.) to heal Tourette syndrome and soothe an overactive nervous system?
Why does a cheesecake slice have so many calories?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
What is the diagnosis of niacin deficiency?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
If I stop eating junk food and soda altogether, how much does that contribute to weight loss?
Buffalo milk contains certain elements for the growth of their offspring. Why do we humans need to consume their milk?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is consuming chlorella or spirulina enough to meet the body’s daily protein demand, while gaining muscles for a teenager ?
Is the BCAA supplement made up of hair?
What are the nutritional facts found in the various types of nuts?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
Can I drink apple cider vinegar daily?
What are the amounts of calories in purple grapes?
What are the protein sources for vegetarians?
Why does refined flour stick in the stomach whereas protein powders or other powders don't?
Do we have to eat every 2-4 hours or only when we feel hungry?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
Is fruit ripeness and fruit density correlated?
How many days after can I see the results of whey protein?
What happens if you don’t eat for 3 weeks?
Is it worth it to blend or eat food in its natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, vitamin, mineral gain and variety) regardless of time?
How can I stop wasting money on junk food as a teenager?
What are some examples of high fiber meats?
Is milk powder also a good source of protein like milk?
How do I practice the oatmeal diet?
How do you know if a product is 99% fat free?
What are your reviews/opinions about Acacia Whey Totale (whey protein supplement)?
If 14 men consume 630kg of rice in 18 days, how many men will eat 770kg of rice in 28 days at the same rate?
Just how different are lecithins from lectins?
What are healthy alternatives to rusk and biscuits?
When I am lean bulking, can I eat junk food?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
When you cook cauliflower and/or broccoli do they lose any nutritional value?
What is your review of Six Pack Nutrition 100% Whey?
Are there any foods that help prevent aging?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
A hypocalcemia patient has a 7.2 ionized calcium level. Why?
Why is there so much apprehension towards raw beets?
How will it affect my health if I eat 3 bananas a day?
What is the nutrition of a fillet steak?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
Are calories a viable measure?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
Can I remove the foam in my protein shake milk?
Is peanut butter a good product for building muscles?
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
If someone enjoys eating healthy food, does it mean they don't have sensitive tastes buds?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
When lean bulking, should I eat more calories or less?
What can you do in the morning to really kickstart your metabolism, and how can you maintain this throughout the day?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need in a day?
What food is the most filling with least consumption?
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
How can I measure the calories in miniature Snickers?
Is Amway XS whey protein good or bad?
If you are on a diet but you are craving for that delicious meal, what would you do?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
With hepatitis E, what food can we eat?
Which one is good for health, hot milk or cold milk? Why?
How are vitamins determined in a food?
What are the benefits of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
Can adults eat Cerelac?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
Who are the five most popular diet and weight control "gurus"?
Why is lunch meat considered bad for you?
If I eat too much food in 24hrs so, can I live one week without eating anything?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
Can our body adapt to higher calorie intake without weight gain?
Is soya powder really more healthy than eggs?
Can children be given supplements of Vitamin D?
Is eating healthy worth it?
Do bananas contain any calcuim? If so, then how much calcium does each 80g banana contain?
What is the normal dosage of omega 3 and biotin capsule and from which site can I buy from?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
How can I increase absorption of vitamin tablets and supplements that I take daily?
Why do people prefer to have supplements?
Why don't high proteins diets work?
What are some foods rich in magnesium and potassium?
How much protein and fat should I eat to build and repair my muscles, as I started working out for one hour a day last week?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
Are sugar free and sugar reduced foods any better for you?
Can you tell me details of the food items that are rich in particular vitamins, the diseases caused by the deficiency of those vitamins, and the symptoms of those diseases?
Does daily intake of vitamin C when taken with a shrimp meal cause poisoning?
Do nutritionists and dietitians live longer than average lives?
What are the key ingredients of whey protein that make it the best supplement above all?
If there was the same amount of protein in 10 gallons of milk and a week’s worth of a variety of food, would it make a difference what I ingested?
What are the risks of refreezing defrosted meat?
Can we become a food scientist if we have studied a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
What are some vegan bodybuilder's protein source?
What are the best supplements to take for boosting energy?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
What healthy food can 2 people buy for about 100$ which they can both eat every day for 2-3 weeks in Canada?
What is the perfect diet plan for a 19-year-old boy if he wants to increase his weight?
How can adults obtain the essential amino acids?
What are the side effects if vitamin B12 is low in the body?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
After churning out butter from our A2 milk cream, we are able to find some white powder like substance that sediments in the whey left. What is it?
If a child is brought up on processed foods, including junk food, and nothing else, what would their health be like in their adult years?
Does B-protein help with loosing fat?
Why is a baked chicken diet considered healthy?
Would lack of Vitamin D increase CO2 storage?
What are the organisms that take nutrients from dead and decaying matter?
How much muscle do I lose in a calorie deficit?
When did we start using sugar?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
What's the fastest way to increase Vitamin B-12 and D?
Is vitamin B12 level of 149 pg/mL low? What are the side effects of such levels?
What material could be used in windows to let UV for vitamin D from the sun be used?
When selling bottled homemade almond milk, should you boil the water used for making the almond milk or should you boil the almond milk ?
Is there any relation between acne and food?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
How can I calculate the calories in 100 grams of rice?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
What happens with too much nitrogen in the body?
How can I go for a balanced diet after being in a restricted diet of around 800 calories per day, without gaining back my weight?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
Why is Muscle Milk considered a good protein shake?
What would happen if I eat maintenance calories on a test cyle?
How can you calculate the carbohydrates in a lemon?
Why did vegetables and fruits develop such different reproductive strategies?
What is the best healthy eating app?
If industrialized milk is poisonous because of all the toxic things cows are fed, then would the same apply to protein powder made from milk?
Is it possible to get an excess of vitamins by certain foods in the diet? Can we get an excess of vitamin A by having papaya daily or vitamin C by eating an orange?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
Do cooked fruits and vegetables have vitamin C?
How much omega-3 is in salmon roe (ikura) and flying fish roe (tobiko)?
What is the limiting-nutrient concept? And how do organisms adapt to nutrient limitation?
Canned sardines’ nutrition labels list only three vitamins and iron. They supposedly contain more. What's the deal?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
What is the best vegetarian diet with eggs for weight loss?
What would you prefer, 1 handful of peanuts or BCAA supplements?
What is the best remedy for too much salt in the diet?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are some good diet pills similar to OxyElite Pro?
How does sugar impact atherosclerosis risk independent of weight gain?
How many grams is one serving of rice?
Which food has all the B vitamins?
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
What is the process of nutrition in protozoans?
Is it healthier to pan fry food with extra virgin olive oil or butter?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
Why do Indian people eat spicy foods?
Does the sun provide vitamin D to us?
What is the best way to retain nutrients while reheating food besides a microwave or oven?
What is the proper time to eat yogurt?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
What are some easy chicken based recipes to get protein?
Why do we consume curd with sugar?
Is the traditional Malayali vegetarian diet protein rich?
Is pasta considered a junk food?
Is taking protein powder after workout good for health?
Are there any downsides to BCAA supplements? Which ones are the best?
What's the caseinogen of milk?
Why is it necessary to include flax seeds in your diet?
What are chocolate strawberries’ nutrition facts?
Can oral Vitamin D intake (through food or supplements) replace the value of exposure to sunlight?
Does drinking fluids still count as eating if the drinks are deficient of any nutrition and you eat nothing besides?
Why is it important to always take your supplements even when you are not going to the gym?
Can you have nerve damage while treating a vitamin B12 deficiency with excess B12 (loading phase)?
Is it safe to take 5000 mcg of Biotin daily? I'm concerned cause it's 1670% of the recommended daily value.
How can I build my muscle naturally? Is there a recipe for making protein powder?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
How do researchers/care-takers determine the ideal diet for a specific animal?
In Bad Gastein, Austria, radon gas is considered healthy, yet we consider it unhealthy in the US. Who's right?
How do vitamins function in our body?
What happens if humans don’t need food to live?
What vitamins are in raw peas?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the best foods to enhance your haemoglobin level?
Why do elders say not to drink milk at night?
Is it possible that the world may some day come to a point where Soylent Greens becomes the main staple of the human diet?
What are the important Sources of Calcium for Women's Bone Health?
How much protein is there in a single egg white?
How much water intake does our body needs in Summer?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
What vitamin deficiency causes bruising?
Do peanuts contain more protein than an egg?
How can I start eating healthy, stop eating junk food and getting fit as a teenager?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
How many hours does a bodybuilder wait to eat from the last meal at night to the first meal at breakfast?
Are nuts/almonds/seeds a good substitute for meat as a protein source, especially if you go to the gym ?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
What are the nutrients found in malunggay?
What foods make your arms thicker, and why?
Does mucus have any known nutritional, nap, or digestive benefit?
How has changing your diet changed your life?
Has anyone tried Vitamin D supplementation to cure Keratoconus?
Are there any customs issues at the airport if you buy a protein supplement from America and take it to India?
What should I do to increase the calcium level in my body?
How can I calculate the calories in a chicken shawarma?
How many grams of sugar per day is okay?
What will happen if a person consumes 200g of protein per day for 1 month and his weight is around​ 55-60 kilograms?
How accurate are the nutritional facts on labels in India, e.g. these labels on a Balaji package?
How is water absorbed in the human body?
What are some of the best foods that make your breast grow?
What are foods to eat or everyday habits to do to stop getting a cold or getting ill so frequently?
Which is better: too much salt or too much sugar?
Do whey protein supplements affect your libido?
Does soy or wheat contain more lectins?
What should a person with Parkinson´s disease eat to slow it down?
Of actual foods, which is the most toxic? Why?
Are calories a bad measure for reference; are there better alternatives?
How can I calculate the calories in a sliced cucumber?
How can I resist and overcome the temptation for junk food?
What are some human food birds can eat?
If a person takes RDA of every mineral from birth, can he still have some mineral deficiency?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Is black salt good for health? Can we consume it every day?
What are the healthiest food that we must eat regularly?
What Keto Diet apps are available?
Did anyone treat any disease by a mega dose of vitamin C via an IV?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
Is it theoretically feasible to create a full protein out of fauna in the way mammals make milk out of it?
Can beans be your only source of protein?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What happens when you start a "calorie deficit" diet?
Does vitamin and mineral deficiency cause a low grade fever?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
Is it ok to have a cup of sugar tea on a keto diet?
What food with the least calories can make me feel more full?
What is the best way to reduce calories from alcohol?
What is tinned milk?
What foods make your legs thicker, and why?
Where is protein digestion accomplished? (AIIMS 1996)
What’s your daily vitamin regimen include?
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
How can I do a diet, if I like chocolate a lot?
Do women use extra calories when they have their period?
Can diabetic patients use jiggery or palm tree sugar in their diet?
What is the meaning of plant and animal nutrition?
How much would nutrients and minerals differ with different types of honey (pure, raw) from across the world?
Can I use raw white eggs and milk and a banana-like shaker post-workout?
When addressing undernourishment, why is it that the amount of calories often prevails over quality?
Which is the best whey protein isolate among the ones listed in the two screenshots attached in the description?
Is www.esnutrition.co.in good to buy supplements from?
Is LPU good for a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
What is the shiny stuff on certain meats?
I got a ketone result of 8.0 according to ketostix after 2 days of fasting and one day of high fat moderate protein. Any ideas as to why?
What's the difference between nitrites and nitrates, and why are they bad for you?
Where is the vitamin digested in our body?
How can I quit refined sugar?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
If lentils cause more uric acid in the blood, then how can a vegetarian take dietary protein in the proper amount?
Which degree would be more beneficial if I want to pursue a career dealing with the global nutrition crisis? An MS in human nutrition or an MPH?
Can I have both whey protein and creatine on the same day? Will it cause any negative/ill effects?
Does eating potatoes on a regular basis affect the joints?
Can I have a scoop of whey protein outside of my 8 hours eating window for intermittent fasting? As in, if I eat at 3pm to 11pm and work out from 6.30 to 8 am, can I have some of the protein?
I am trying to change my diet for the better. How do I switch to a high veggie diet without going over in carb intake?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
Who are Pakistan's top 5 nutrition experts in Lahore?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
How can you effectively speed up cooking time of vegetables while maintaining or preserving it's nutrients?
Is stretching important post-workout?
Is it viable to extract sugar from soya beans, similar to the way sugar is extracted from corn?
What are some characteristics of the nutrients provided by milk?
How much fruits should one eat?
What is "nutritional penury" as it relates to evolution?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Does India have good protein supplements for common man? If yes, which one?
What are the calories in Cuban bread?
Are health supplements​ safe for our metabolism, guts and health? Some trainers have told me that​ they are bad. What are the facts?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
Is buying supplements on HealthKart safe or not?
What are typical dietary traits of centenarians?
Which is rich in protein egg or sprout?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
What vitamin deficiency do you have if your legs hurt, even while sleeping?
What are some ways to slow down your metabolism and gain weight?
Why do some items on corporate menus not have calories listed?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What are the benefits of urad dal for our skin, hair, and health?
What are the risks of eating fresh water clams?
Out of any nutrients found in mammalian meat, which ones are the most important to psychological function?
Should I go for protein shake?
What is tanned protein?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
How do I get my one year old child to eat vegetables?
Which vitamin is formed by collagen?
Now that we know there is a "nutritional soup" on Europa and Enceladus, what is the likelihood for life?
What happens if I eat the required amount of 100% healthy foods and then consume one unhealthy food in a day?
How can I gain 15 kg of weight in two months?
Is night cream with vitamin A worth using?
What is the daily amount of potassium required for an adult? Why do tablets only cover 10% of it?
How can everything on The Cheesecake Factory's menu be so high in calories, with some over 2000 calories per dish?
What protein is essential for the body?
What is the healthiest food we can eat?
Why do many American children throw away the vegetables and fruits from their school lunches?
How good is the skin at absorbing nutrients or toxins?
Does the nutritious value change from roasted almonds to normal almonds?
Can you still build strength on a caloric deficit?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
Can one eat a banana as a pre-workout meal combined with whey protein?
What are the dangers of eating one avocado per day?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
Can you take pre-workout supplements while on seizure medication?
How do I gain weight? I am lean, and I work far away from home. What kind of food can I take with me to the office?
What is the best amount of protein for a dog to eat every day?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
What is the importance of vitamins?
If I only have salmon, nuts, eggs, and papaya for my diet, how will my health be after one month?
Why should we not eat for 30 minutes before and after taking thyroxine?
What are the health benefits of Kashmiri Kahwa?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
Why do some people have a high metabolism and some have a slow metabolism? Is the energy turned into heat?
As a pescaterian, should I take vitamins daily?
Is a vitamin D deficiency a scam?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
What is the diet for a person whose serum total bilirubin is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
What is the nutritional value of curd?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Are calories all that matter?
Do most people have too much iron, and therefore do not need to supplement with it?
How can I speed up my metabolism when I cannot be active due to multiple chronic illnesses? I am unable to eat much at all, which is part of the problem.
Is there such thing as taking too many supplements?
Is there a vegetable or fruit (or maybe a vegetable pair) that you could eat indefinitely without suffering major deficiencies?
Does chickpeas contain fat?
How can I calculate the calories in custard cream?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
Are protein powders (whey, for example) unhealthy?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
Is excessive added sugar a sign that the food industry is cooperating with the sugar industry to handle the sugar surplus?
Does cool temperature increase metabolism?
Can I stop taking whey protein?
What is the nutrient values of baby back ribs?
Hod do you prepare a nutrition broth for an agar plate?
Does Global Impex supply genuine MuscleTech whey?
Is whey protein good for teenagers, and is exercising with weights good for them or not?
How many calories does an apple have?
What would be the average cost of sustaining an adult human being (food, clothing, education, water etc) anywhere on earth ?
How much does a vitamin shop make?
Is it ok to put a (super) fat full-grown cat on a diet?
Can I eat 1 tablespoon of peanut or almond butter a day and not gain weight?
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
Are vegan foods and gluten-free opposed to one another?
I am vitamin D deficient and after almost a year taking vitamin D supplementation my blood levels didn't improve. What can I do?
What is the best cereal to eat with less calories?
Why can my friends eat more food and I cannot?
Why does a cheese string have so much calories?
What are some proofs that USANA is better than all other brands of health supplements?
What are some examples of extensively hydrolyzed formula brands?
How is the amount of milk that is consumed per day in a certain nation calculated or assumed? What procedures are to be followed?
What is an in-depth explanation of why people say sugar is bad for humans?
Can fresh fruit and vegetable juices & smoothies alone help an anorexic?
What is a 3-week diet plan?
Does a nontoxic, supplemental Vitamin D reach toxicity if it’s supplemented with sunlight?
What are the major roles of protein constructing human body?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
What foods should be included in the diet during pregnancy for a healthier baby?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
How can I make a poster on a nutritional disorder?
What can I munch in the night after 9 without the fear of gaining calories?
What is healthy food for a boy who goes to the gym?
I spent 1 year taking vitamin D, and my last blood test didn't detect an increase in my D levels. Do supplements work at all?
How do you convert calories to kilocalories?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
Can a couple shots of whiskey a night or glass of wine really cause weight gain?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
What are the nutrition facts found in beef tongue?
What nutrients are used in our eyes?
What should be my diet to gain 6 packs?
Is it okay to drink a banana shake after keeping it in the fridge for 9 hours?
How can I stop eating lots of food and stop eating junk food as a teen to lose fat?
In the East, can one feasibly live on less than $2 per day?
How do overnutrition and undernutrition differ?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
How many calories a day should I eat if am a 5' 4" female and am too sick and disabled to exercise much?
Is it dangerous to drink one glass of wine every night?
Do people with smaller mouths take longer to eat?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What are ketogenic foods?
What are the challenges faced in nutrition domain?
What would my paneer intake be (in terms of protein) if I have 150gm of chicken every day?
What is the link between a healthy diet and a healthy skin?
How can I eat raw garlic without burning my mouth?
Is there any real science supporting the "gluten prevents the absorption of nutrients"?
Which vitamin reduces pimples?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
Is honey healthy?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding for a complete day?
Is it possible to be allergic to Maryland blue crabs and no other crustaceans or shellfish?
Does fermenting a vegetable make it carbohydrate-free?
Is drinking Boost the same as taking a multi vitamin?
Has anyone tried making protein pancakes out of regular pancake mix and just adding protein powder into it? Is it okay for people who work out?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
How many people's worth of nutrition can be derived per hectare of arable Class 1 soil, developed intelligently and with plentiful water?
If food was priced by its calories, would most of us be healthy or malnourished?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
Why is protein good to lose wieght?
Why don’t you need magnesium as part of your daily nutrition?
Can you survive well on a mostly protein-based diet with no sugar & no fat? How will it affect you over the long term?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
Is going on the Keto diet long-term a safe/good idea?
Can I have a protein shake if I have PCOD?
If I want to eat the same thing every day and get all nutrients from vegetarian sources, what should I eat?
Would a glass of pure fruit and/or vegetable juice each day be more beneficial than taking a supplement?
How I get to know what should I eat daily so that I get all essential nutrients in my diet?
Will you gain weight on a diet?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
Is it incorrect if I am taking protein entirely from protein supplements and not from other sources?
What are concentrated simple sugars?
How can I not work hard on not getting fluffy, aka fat?
What is it like to consume any naturally available specific item internally or externally for a long or short time, in order to see the benefits that they give your body?
Can consuming any types of spices stunt or speed up your weight loss if you have them with your meals, in a calorie deficit?
Can Splenda make you fat by making you hungry?
Is eating uncooked rice unhealthy?
What are the best examples of tasty food made more healthier in the simplest methods?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Why is turkey high in protein?
Can we use disodium arsono acetete to fatten up cattle?
Are there any food supplements or foods to help with mental focus that work?
Does drinking milk lessen the chances of getting arthritis?
What vegetarian lunch could I eat every day?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in chocolate coins?
How come Koreans eat so much and not gain weight?
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
What are the effects of regularly eating food that has empty calories?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
How can I measure the amount of calories in a Publix rotisserie chicken?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
Is the sugar from red bean paste healthier than other forms of sugar?
When laboratories calculate a food's caloric value, is fiber counted as a carbohydrate and is therefore included in the total calories, or is it excluded?
Is milk good for owls?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
Can iron supplements damage the GI tract of a three year old?
If there are 35 calories per 100 ml in a juice, how many calories are there in 500ml of that same juice?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
What is BodyKey?
Is forcing myself to eat 3 - 5 bowls of rice for lunch to gain weight dangerous for my health?
The fitness gyms prefer whey protein for fast-growing muscles. Is it good to use whey protein? If so, then which brand?
What are the sources to get vitamin D on vegetarian diet?
Is it true that the morning sun gives us vitamin D?
Does taking vitamin/mineral supplements negate any benefits (water) fasting might give?
What is the best diet that worked for you?
What is the most basic diet you can live on healthily?
I’m switching from 500 calories a day to 1,200 calories and gaining weight. What should I do to get my body back to normal?
Which is the best bcaas supplement out there?
Can I lose weight off of a liquid based diet?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
What is the difference between "light" meat and regular meat?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
Does green peas contain vitamin D?
Is it ok to mix collagen powder and protein powder in one shaker bottle or it would be better to separate the two?
What happens if I don’t eat for a day?
What type of ADR is a haemolytic crisis in a Glucose-6-Phosphate deficiency?
What are the pros and cons of drinking a litre of water in a 2 hour window and sipping that same volume throughout the day?
What would happen if we consume whey protein irregularly?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
How we can find the nutrition efficiency of food given to animals?
What are the nutritional benefits found in chicken katsu?
Why is butter considered bad for you?
Will it be possible to create food artificially from the required things (soil nutrients, sunlight and air) by mixing in right proportion?
Does B12 prevent dementia? What about with the addition of folic acid?
How nutritious is seaweed or some of its relatives?
What are vitamins and minerals good for?
With the Japanese diet rich in carbohydrates such as rice, noodles, and tubers, how do the diabetics fare?
Should I go into a calorie surplus and then cut?
Are there any supplements out there that are actually worth taking?
If sugar is a light powder, how does it add weight to a person’s body?
Is whey protein heart healthy?
In a summer in Delhi, what type of foods with full proteins are good for your health?
How can good nutrition be promoted?
Which whey protein should I use for gaining muscle and weight? I am from Pune.
What nutrients am I missing if I don't eat peanuts?
How are the results of Amway Nutrilite?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
Which food supplements should everybody take?
How long would it take me to pass out if I only eat 200–300 calories a day?
What are the health benefits of eating raw meat?
Why is the rate of response with parenteral iron not faster than oral?
Does omega-3 cause weight gain?
What are the health benefits of eating kabocha squash?
Is it possible to get all the nutrients you need on a liquid diet without supplements?
What's the best way to inform about fitness and nutrition?
Why is eating a low amount of calories bad, if it’s only done for short periods of time?
What is the formula to find out how much protein to eat for one’s body weight?
How do I lose weight when all my parents buy is fast food?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
How can I measure the calories in a cheese string?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
What are the benefits of substituting brown sugar for white sugar?
How can environment increase height or intelligence if no one in our ancestral history had an optimal environment?
Is there any food that contains vitamin E or supplements which can help you to get better sleep?
Do spices contain nutrients?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
Is a varied diet better than a limited diet?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
Is there a substitute of whey protein?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
What should I do to increase the intake of a man's stick in my hole?
Which kingdom has the maximum nutritional diversity?
How do apes develop muscles without consuming proteins?
How does drinking cold water affect digestion and metabolism?
How fast do you lose weight on 200 calories per day?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Is it worth to leave medicine and start studying nutritional science ?
How is HDL good cholesterol and how is LDL bad?
Can I leave my peanut butter protein shake (milk, bananas & peanut butter; no protein powder) in the fridge overnight to drink it the next morning?
Does whey protein kill the sex drive or testosterone levels?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
Is it worth to take over the counter calcium supplement. I've taken vitamins and stuff in the past but never seem to feel a difference. I'm 38 female?
? When is the best time to take?
What are the health benefits of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Do potatoes contain Vitamin C?
Where can I buy genuine, great quality vitamin C serum in India online?
What happens if you eat only brown rice for one month?
Why are some juices, claiming to be "without added sugar" and listing no added ingredients, sweeter than homemade ones?
Why do they put so much fat and sugar in fast food?
Why are fungi not good in terms of producing protein compared to bacteria?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
Can I eat potatoes and get lean?
If you are on the Keto diet, can you tell me the success you've had with it?
Does a dietitian and a nutritionist also have a NEET exam?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
Can I take a multi-vitamin supplement (e.g. Revital, NUTRILITE Daily, Riconia G) without consulting a doctor?
How many calories are in one honeysuckle?
What is the best omega 3 fish oil supplement?
What is the potassium content in pineapple juice?
What are the sources of protein for bodybuilding?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
Why does taking too much vitamin E cause a stroke?
Is cheese a dairy product?
What should be the diet for hypothyroidism​ and hyperthyroidism​ along with their guidelines​?
Why do we plateau when dieting? Is that maybe just the size and shape that is right for us?
Is saturated fat unhealthy?
What are the vegetarian food with plenty of protein?
What are the health benefits of using garlic powder?
How can you increase melatonin levels to a safe level through diet?
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for a month?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
Which vitamin is said to be vitamin M?
Is drinking Complan the same as drinking milk?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
What would happen if I only ate chicken, broccoli and brown rice for every meal?
Is there a fruit or vegetable that requires more calories to digest than calories it actually contains?
How can one become a full time nutritionist?
Which type of carbohydrates can be digested only by ruminants but not by humans? Why?
How should I go about increasing my calorie intake for adding muscle?
What are the best ways for vegetarians to get protein naturally in their diet?
What are the budgetery protein supplements available in India under ₹1500?
What if I take Albumen powder instead of whey isolate; will it help for fat loss?
What are the main risks of vitamin D deficiency?
Is it good to take protein powder on a regular basis?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
What's the difference between piloncillo, jaggery and raw sugar?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
What sort of nutrients does a girl's body lose during menses?
If I leave my protein shake in the freezer, and it freezes, will it lose any of its nutritional value?
How do I optimize eating so it's maximally cheap, fast to deal with and it has most of needed nutritients?
Could I split a Natrol Biotin 10,000 mcg capsule in half to get 5000 mcg only per day, or won't it be effective?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
I can't seem to stay on any diet. I really feel like I'm just not strong enough to keep up with the change. How can I diet successfully?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
How many calories should we take before starting a 24 hour fast?
What is the best diet for housewives?
What are the health benefits of lime and honey?
What can be the most trending topic on a term paper for food sciences and nutrition management?
Do magnesium malate supplements have an expiration date?
What basic foods can a skinny person eat to add a little flesh in 3 weeks?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
What is nutritional?
What are the advantages of eating mangoes?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding?
What is the best way I can cure vitiligo​ by intaking proper food?
What are the (UK) legal implications of writing about nutrition, supplements, and OTC meds about health online?
What are some lucrative career option in nutrition?
Is the current officially-accepted view of nutrition wrong?
What are the other carbohydrates beside starches?
Is it good not to take dinner for health if someone has slow digestion?
What are the most legitimate scientific studies showing that animal protein is detrimental to human health, and a plant-based/vegan diet is superior?
What are your favorite bulk herb and supplement providers?
What over-the-counter herbal products increase metabolism?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in 2 fried eggs?
What vitamins are important for the retina? What foods can supply those vitamins?
Why is milk known as the complete food even when it lacks iron, copper and vitamin C?
What type of foods should I take to increase the size of my testis?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
Is it possible to measure vitamin B12 level in the body and what is the normal value?
How do I take 150 g of protein a day with a veg. and non-veg. diet?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
How can I measure the calories in a shot of bourbon?
What is a good bodybuilding program and diet for me?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
Is the 5:2 diet safe for teens?
Why do people change so frequently? One day they are so good to you and the next day they are just the opposite. Is it just as per their needs?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Is nausea a symptom of iron deficiency?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
What is a good water to fiber ratio intake?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
Why can’t Indian judges and corrupt politicians eat processed food tatti instead of normal food?
Is fury a good supplement?
Are sugar and yogurt mixed together healthy?
Does the Japanese deep breath diet really work?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
Is soy milk unhealthy?
Should I eat an apple or an egg as a midnight snack?
Does tuberous sclerosis provoke a deficiency in any particular bodily vitamin?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
Why everybody says excess water (5–6litres) intake decrease sodium levels and unhealthy?
What is healthier, eating onions or onion sprouts?
Can you die from a spice overload?
What's the best way to eliminate 0 calorie soft drinks from your diet?
What are the best forms of vitamin and mineral compounds that are most easily absorbed, when taken as a supplement?
What are the benefits of eating litchi fruit during pregnancy?
What are the health benefits of the sashimi diet?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
Do we need to consume calcium daily?
What is some good food for a student to eat?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
I have an allergic reaction to dairy products and high glycemic foods. I don't want to avoid these foods. Where and how can I get treatment?
How nutritious is lobster?
What does saponification do to fat?
Does eating melatonin-rich food have positive effects, or are the effects negligible?
What are the health benefits of eating Nature Valley granola bars?
Which in water living species would be the best choice for sustainable nutrition source for mankind?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
How possible is it to ever design a machine that can live off of foods that humans eat for a constant supply of energy?
What are the nutritional facts found in a gluten free carrot soup?
How would switching from a high carb diet to a cyclic ketogenic affect one's performance in strongman and powerlifting competitions?
Doctors tell you to follow a low protein diet for uric acid, but won't that lead to muscle fatigue? Isn't protein essential?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
What are the main benefits of hemp protein powder?
Are kettle cooked chips healthy?
Does the flavor of your protein powder affect how healthful it is?
What are discretionary calories and what are some examples?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
What are the best foods to cure thalassemia minor in adults?
What are the functional properties of foods?
Which is more unhealthy, bread butter or paratha sabji?
To create a protein, we need 4 protein, so how does the protein come into existence?
How can a herbivore have protein in his/her meat while they eat plants?
How can I switch to low-carb diet when all food I know of, has carbs?
What are the best apps for keeping a healthy diet?
How can I measure the amount of calories in Fruitella?
What information can I get about protein supplements?
Is it true that most C and B vitamins are destroyed during cooking?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
What is the cheapest way of taking protein supplements for weight loss?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
What food and health supplements can lessen the effect of pollen allergy and hay fever?
Has anyone heard of Isotonix Multivitamin?
What is the scope after doing an MSc in food and nutrition?
Is there any coupon code for Ultimate whey protein from HealthKart?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
Can taking a testosterone supplement increase your height?
Why do protein shakes taste so bad if heated up?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
Comparing between dietetics, nutrition, and food technology/science, which one is the best for master’s studies?
If one varied the toppings enough, could one have a nutritionally complete diet made up of only pizza?
I have heard that some sugars, such as those in honey, are more healthful than others. What sugars are in honey?
Apple is considered to be a negative calorie food. So, if someone ate only apples, would he starve to death eventually?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
What are the health benefits of eating garlic bulbs?
What does an egg contain?
What is the diet that should not be taken when one has chikungunya?
What happens if you have too much unsaturated fat?
Which is the best biotin supplement available in India?
Can Sangobion be given together with calcium?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
Does a healthy diet have a connection with singing?
Does food sober you up when you're high?
Do omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids differentially impact cognition? If so, what is the consensus regarding their influence?
Is eating milk powder injurious to one’s health? Does powdered milk really have oxidised cholesterol in it?
Is it healthy to consume 500 grams of chicken every day?
What is the success rate of the Atkins diet?
I am 22 years old and weigh 59 kg. How can I use whey protein in the best way?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
Out of every nutrient humans need, which ones directly sustain psychological health?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
What percent of sugar is there in honey? Can a diabetic take honey?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
What are the side effects of having 2% of fat in my protein shake?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
Are sugar-free foods really healthy, and do they have fewer calories than sugar?
How nutritious are crab legs?
How much glutathione does the body produce per day?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for 1 month?
What is wrong with drinking skim milk as opposed to full-fat milk?
What are the nutritional facts found in a deep fried moon pie?
If there any diet plan for IT girls?
What are three vegetarian and non-vegetarian foods that are high in protein?
What does unrefined sugar look like?
How can I measure the amount of calories in one cup of green grapes?
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
Is it ok to take protein shakes or powder?
How do I achieve a sustained calorie deficit?
What are the similarities between calories and kilocalories?
What is the initial diet?
I've been strugling to find how many calories does 100 grams of cooked basmati rice have? How much carbs does it have?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
Can you purchase 5000 mg of vitamin D3?
How many calories are in one piece of white Nabulsi cheese?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
What are some merits and demerits of asparagus?
How do I stop craving carbs?
What are the foods to eat for becoming energetic?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
What is the scientific name of vitamin B?
How can I check how much blockage I have in order to check my heart’s status as I daily consume a lot of butter?
How have psychedelics and/or meditation improved your life?
How can I measure the calories found in a turkey neck?
How can I be more fit?
How can I stick to counting calories and not falling off the wagon to eat junk food?
Does physical digestion occur in the oesophagus?
Which is the best time of the day to eat fruit?
Are vitamin A and vitamin E both necessary for the eye’s retina?
What Are The Different types of Protein powder?
What is the importance of taking vitamins and minerals?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
Is eating raw rice dangerous?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
How should a basketball player (or any other explosive athlete) prepare for a game nutrition wise?
What are some of the best foods to lose weight?
What is the average freight cost for companies which are dealing in salted snacks, which are primarily high on volume and low on value?
What are the nutritional values found in vegetable shortening?
What is the difference between the determination of carbohydrate in an environmental sample and in the human body?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need?
Is a baby food diet healthy for adults?
Whom should I consult for including a protein supplement in my diet?
is the quantity of water intake same for all?
What is a perfectly balanced diet?
Is soy protein harmful to the human body?
Why do so many people accept and enjoy eating proccesed foods that are mostly added chemicals with large sides of fats and sugar?
Why do bacteria grow faster in sour milk than fresh milk?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
What're the best methods for men over 50 to boost their metabolism?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
What are some foods containing estrogen and progesterone?
What should we eat after workout, except protein shake?
What are some foods with iron and zinc?
Why do you add 100 calories in the keto diet, and till when?
What is a great combination of nutrients or vitamins I can take to protect against DNA-level damage in my cells?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
What will be the growth of the brain health supplements’ market?
How can I get more antioxidants?
How does Vitamin A supplementation protect children?
Which Indian food should I eat to gain weight?
Are there any certain types of food that pregnant women can eat to enhance the beauty of their babies?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
How do you make sugar out of sugar beets?
How are the calories found in dried pasta measured?
How can I be determined in my diet?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
Should I take whey protein or any other protein supplements?
Is BCAA consumption healthy when I am on a super active lifestyle? I am 25, 5′4′′ in height and 60 kg in weight. Can I take whey protein after a workout?
What are the nutrition facts per 100 grams of crickets?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
How many calories are there in a meal of two Idlis and one cup of Sambar?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
What food is the most unhealthy?
What are some of the best Vitamin B2/riboflavin capsules in the Indian market?
In an effort to make a stubborn person understand, is eating bland and unpleasant food and starving oneself actually not helpful during a diet? Why?
How do I to burn the carbohydrate?
Is pollock a good substitute for tilapia or pangasius as a source of whitefish protein?
What are the nutritional facts found in vegan croutons?
Has it been proven that our bodies don't process all the protein & nutrients in hybrid and GMO foods like we do with organic & conventional foods?
For girls, what diet you following that is available and good for your health?
Do I need to take whey protein or low fat milk for muscle build up? Do they work the same way or does whey protein benefit you more?
Does eating Nutella daily cause weight gain?
What are the health benefits of lime cordial?
Is it possible to lose weight by eating a low carb intake in the diet but a little more than the limit to avoid going into Keto?
What are the healthiest food items at IKEA?
How helpful is ketogenic chocolate in our everyday diet plan?
Do recovering anorexics require more calories to gain weight than 'normal' people?
What are the biotin included foods that I should take?
How much protein would you need to consume in one sitting, to kill you?
How do I measure my daily consumption of calories without any instrument? Are there any standard estimations that will give me a rough idea of my calorie intake?
If ketones are a clean fuel for our body, how come not everyone is on the ketogenic diet?
Is rice better for a diet for a diabetic patient?
What's the most compete/nutritious food for humans?
How do I mix omega 3 fish oil with foods without losing its nutrients?
What and how should I eat and how do I calculate how many calories I need to decrease?
A food item has 5 grams of fat. Three grams are monounsaturated; 1 is saturated. What is the other 1 gram of fat?
How do I discreetly cut my sugar intake?
What diet should I take to get a lean and tight body?
Can I get only boiled diet?
What is the effect of eating a lot of salt?
What are the best post-workout meals, excluding whey protein?
How long do anti-nutrients like Phytic Acid or Tannins stay in the digestive system after you've ingested them?
If cats are meat eaters, how do they get their vitamin C, or do they need it?
Which fruit or vegetable juice has the most nutritional value, least sugar and no added preservatives?
What is a multi-drug resistant protein?
What are the nutritional benefits found in white lightning sangria?
What is the best diet to get a teenager down to 15 percent body fat?
How many scoops of whey protein to take on a keto diet?
Does breastfeeding have nutritional value?
Is a simple whey protein shake of just whey and almond milk sufficient as a meal replacement for lunch?
Is it possible that eating gluten at every meal (although not being allergic to it) can give you unbearable stomach pain?
What is Fact grain (granularity)?
What if we could not convert complex sugar in simple sugars? What will happen?
Are there any health consequences caused by drinking a lot of tea?
Why do dry roasted soybeans have more protein and calories for the same quantity when boiled? (What scientific chemical reaction is taking place?)
Does the nutritional value of freshly cooked vegetables like pulse, cabbage, beans, etc., remain the same after 12 hours of refrigeration?
Which are some good supplements for skin?
What is in vitamin G?
How much protein is the right amount?
How do I improve the levels of Vitamin D and calcium with Indian food habits?
Is rice pudding fattening?
What are the health benefits of truffle oil?
Why do health specialists demonize orange juice, when its sugar is naturally-occuring?
Is 2 plums and Cheerios with milk a healthy breakfast?
A nutritionist told me weight loss is 98% diet and 2% exercise. Is there truth to the nutritionist's percentages or is it wrong?
What are the best natural foods to eat daily?
Am I eating too many carbs?
Can you suggest any modification for my diet chart that has been added to the ‘details’ part?
Is the pasteurization of milk the same as the processing of milk?
What are recipes of some nutritious and delicious weight gain shakes with around 700-800 calories if possible?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
Will I notice a difference when taking vitamin supplements?
When a medicine says take with food, how much food and what kind of food should I have?
How can I stop being addicted to junk food?
Have you used the nutritional therapies pioneered by Dr. William Walsh?
What happens when you have extreme hunger but there is no food to eat?
Is there such a thing as a healthy diet without vegetables?
What is the Activia diet?
What is a multidrug resistant protein?
Can I eat as much as I want in Warrior diet?
How are nutrients such as proteins and carbs lost in food?
What would happen if a person eats too much spicy food?
How can I reduce weight? Can anyone suggest a diet?
How much kale do you eat per day?
Which online site sells the original whey protein in India?
Can I eat a pizza once a month with no worries?
Which is the most nutritious, cow, buffalo, goat or camel milk?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
What are the grams in a cup of sugar?
Can creatine and whey protein be taken at the same time?
They say cooking food in the microwave makes it lose its nutritional value. Will that food help in dieting?
What does the Benjamin Diet look like?
How do I raise my energy level?
Should I drink lactose free milk for a weight loss diet?
How accurate are the calorie counts on packaging and fitness apps, when it comes to food?
Can you re-freeze (after microwaving), w/o issue, frozen vegetables?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
Will eating egg whites daily increase your cholesterol?
What are the best 5 vitamins / supplements to take for a longer life?
Why are there no savoury, low calorie foods?
Why are antioxidants no longer considered so healthy as it was previously thought?
How do vitamin supplements help in preventing wrinkles?
What are some tasty, healthy snacks?
Are dandelions really a superfood? How would you prepare them?
How do I learn to count calories if I eat regular food which don't come with calories written on it?
What is the bioavailability of a vitamin in food?
What are the health and nutritional benefits of black matpe beans?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Why am I always hungry late at night? Does it mean that I should eat later or more to dinner?
Whey protein is best with milk or water?
What is the best way to remove mercury from a tin of tuna without destroying its nutrients?
Is whey protein a scam?
What is sharon fruit good for?
Will egg whites help in getting B12?
How do I stop eating sugar and craving it?
If lectins are bad in high amounts then do most vegan dieters eventually have gut inflammation, bone, dental, mental & autoimmune issues?
Why do the L-type calcium channels allow small amounts of calcium to pass through them in cardiac myocytes?
Is it unhealthy to drink a liter of Pedialyte every day?
Is eating before bed bad for me if I have Crohn's disease?
Is it good to suck your wife’s breast whether there’s milk or not?
What cereals can you find at Whole Foods that have a lot of carbs but very low in sugar/saturated fat?
Why am I not losing weight when I'm on a diet of 1,200 calories, eating produce, whole grains, lean protein, etc.?
Is chewing junk food 32 times beneficial or harmful for our health?
Why are avocado and olive oil considered healthy fats?
Is there a brand of instant hot chocolate that is trans fat partially hydrogenated oil free, low-carb, & costs less than Caffe D'Vita ($0.58/oz)?
What are the effects of nutrition, inbreeding and hybridization?
Why does my stomach bloat for 3 to 4 hours after I eat but goes back to normal after I excrete?
What dietary options are available to people who do not wish to eat plants or animals?
Why is Progenex Whey Protein Isolate not sold in India?
Should I transition my 2 cats into a raw diet?
How does the Animal Stak supplement compare to the Animal M-Stak supplement?
How does a high carb diet affect your metabolism? I’m considering a caloric surplus to gain some mass.
In how many days can a vegan develop a B12 deficiency? How long does it take to recover from it?
What is the cheapest whey protein powder available in India?
What are the health benefits of eating Quorn chicken patties?
Why are sugar substitutes considered bad for you?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Does an onion lose its vitamins when it sprouts?
How can I measure the calories in Crunchy Nut cornflakes?
What are the health benefits of musk oil?
How can I measure the calories in triple sec?
What are the nutritional facts found in brown miso?
Is protein powder a necessity in working out?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
Can anyone help me with swimming diet for pre & post?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
What is a jaggery glycemic index?
What are these brown spots and the yellow goop in the duodenum section of the small intestine?
How can I measure the calories in Marmite?
Do you agree that food studies are so contradictory for one to make an informed decision?
Is it safe to give calcium/vitamin D supplements to an autistic child?
Why is a person who sells juice not healthier than I would expect?
What is the metabolic function of vitamin T?
What do you think about the FODMAP diet?
Is parma ham healthy or unhealthy?
Do we need to eat protein rich food even when you are taking protein powder?
How do I get full with a high metabolism?
How can I best adapt the ketogenic diet to the meals served at my high school?
What are the health benefits of the South Beach Diet?
What are the risks of eating orange foods?
Why does chemical properties of compounds such as vitamin D make them much more likely to result in toxicity than say another vitamin like vitamin C?
What kind of food should we eat to be healthy?
Are dietary supplements unregulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration?
What is the best way to remove an old leg scar?
Can resistance exercise be hypothesized as possible internal protein (or maybe calorie) restriction mimetic?
Is sodium citrate natural? I only eat things that are natural in foods and my prawns have sodium citrate. Is that a salt?
If we have protein supplements available, why do many still prepare their protein diet?
Why does the FDA say artificial sweeteners are healthy to eat?
What is a good, simple daily health habit that has strongly improved your health?
I went a full day consuming fruits and walnuts. How does my body react to that?
How do I find out all consumed foods are digested or not?
Where can I get a perfect schedule of a nutritious diet for low-hemoglobin patients?
What happens if intake too little levothyroxine?
What is the best nutrition for cross country runners?
How are platelets able to release the plasma protein thromboplastin if they do not contain a nucleus?
If water doesn't have any calories, then how does green tea have 2 calories?
Am I going above my daily intake of sugar if eat a mango?
What are some foods I should eat before I work out?
What's the most efficient way to successfully change poor eating habits and commit to a healthy diet?
Is it okay to eat fried food every day while reducing body fat but keeping track of macros in a calorie deficit?
Does fruit that is highly flavorful have a higher nutritional content than fruit that has very little flavor?
What is dead vitamin?
Are there any studies on the benefits of inactive probiotics?
What are your tips for sticking to a diet?
Can diabetic patients eat protein supplements (powder) including some sugar?
What are the nutrition facts about cheddar?
Can drinking milk before bedtime affect one's sexual activity?
If the recommended daily sugar intake is 37.5g, does that mean you can only have two bananas and one apple a day?
What foods are high in protein and best to eat to build muscle?
What are the benefits of eating raw carrots every day?
Does breastfeeding have any nutritional value after 9 months?
How do I incorporate Moringa powder in my daily food?
In fitness, does the term 'calories' refer to small calories(cal) or large calories (kcal)? For eg, "you must take in 5000 calories per day."
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
How much can dealers earn with authentic whey protein?
Has anyone used Combat Protein Powder? Is there any other product that is better than it?
What do you eat in your Paleo diet plan?
How do you choose what to eat that is healthy?
What are the nutritional benefits found in rara chicken?
What natural foods, other than milk, can I consume to strengthen my bones?
I'm a 20 yrs old male and got some belly fat (on the sides only) out of the blue. Why?
Why should we use mineral water?
Why is that healthy foods are so expensive compared to the rest of the foods?
Why are blueberries and blackberries so beneficial to human health?
How many calories does a whole pizza loaded with everything on it have?
Is whey protein harmful for the liver?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What is the cheapest and best way to get whey protein imported from the US?
What is your go-to weekday meal?
Are there studies on the nutritional value of exclusively polystyrene foam consuming mealworms for further use in food supply?
How could I eat 2600 calories a day?
When bulking do I have to eat healthy?
What is the difference between one calorie of fat, protein, and carbs?
Why are the diets of older adults often lacking in certain nutrients?
Why do we need fiber as part of our daily diet?
Where are excess carbohydrates stored in the body?
What are some healthy snacks that can be consumed at the workplace easily?
How can a diet change affect the correct digestion behavior?
What is the disadvantage of taking normal proteins, like Kabi Pro, Nephro High Protien, Horlix, or Bornvita, daily?
I eat chicken every day. Is that bad for me?
Why does eating junk food cause acne?
What's the best way to increase vitamin D in the body since I am facing a vitamin D deficiency problem?
How much creatine and glutamine are included in Myprotein Impact isolate whey protein?
What kind of diet plan recipes does Dr. Nazar didn't give to his patients for a 1200 calorie?
Which is healthier between sugar, regular honey and dried fruit?
How can you convert fat to calories, and what are some examples?
Are fully-cooked breakfast sandwiches in cellophane wrap that are warmed up to 200F-225F safe for consumption?
Why do doctors still cite outdated, Cold War era nutritional guidelines, regarding salt and saturated fat intake, for patients to stay heart healthy?
What is the best food to have before pregnancy?
Do modern human diets lack collagen (gelatin)?
What should we eat after a workout, except protein powder?
Should I eat my fruits after meals or before meals?
Does whey protein have probiotics?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
In what form of energy does oxygen transforms the food that we eat?
How can I prepare a low calorie spanakopita?
Why is the trend of having a protein-rich diet increased in normal day-to-day life?
Should I eat protein while hiking?
What are the benefits of eating orange foods?
How can I estimate protein concentration in unknown powder?
What kind of diet will give me clear skin?
What are the similarities between coenzymes and vitamins?
Is the sugar found in honey bad for you like how white/brown sugar is?
Why do we eat more?
What is the best nutrition plan for faster recovery of broken legs?
Why is a tender coconut (coconut water) more expensive than a coconut?
What advice do experienced vegans have for those who have just started?
What food did you eat that made you throw up?
What are muscle-growing foods?
Can you explain how working out more often leads to better eating?
Do fresh water sardines have omega 3 fatty acids?
What should a long jumper eat?
What are the best and worst nuts to eat for overall health?
What is omega 3s?
What effect will there be from a high protein diet (150gm protein, 250gm carbs, 40gm fat) on a man who weights 74kg, is 5′8" tall and has 19% body fat?
What is a good reason that vending machines should be banned from schools?
Will the instant oat nutrition be different if I eat it without cooking it?
Why is vitamin B12 contraindicated in undiagnosed anaemia?
If cholesterol (saturated fat) is removed from naughty list, does this mean it's alright to eat high fat foods?
What is quantum effect on protein?
Are starchy foods carcinogenic? Also, is a high carb diet linked to increase of diseases like cancer?
What is the normal sugar?
How can I measure the calories found in 1 slice of white bread?
Which protein supplement is best for height?
Is grape juice healthy during pregnancy?
What type of proteins are consumed by vegan athletes to stay fit?
If one uses 100mL of water, how many grams of Vitamin B6 are needed to create a 0.5% solution?
What do I eat if I want to avoid foods made using chemical processes?
How much fat does pizza contain?
What led to invention of sugar?
Why is it so important to treat yourself when on a diet?
Can the Master Cleanse diet ruin my metabolism?
What are the best supplements to gain mass?
What is the best and easiest way to make liposomal vitamin C at home?
I want to start eating just bananas for lunch (about 10 per day). Is that healthy? And what will be the effect?
What is Dr. Nazarian’s diet menu plan?
Is fish meat healthier than white meat?
Is it true that some nuts decrease testosterone?
Would a meticulous diet devoid of carbohydrates prevent calculus buildup?
What are the cheapest sources of protein?
What are the side effects of protein powder without enough physical exercise?
Is it healthier to sweeten milk with honey instead of refined sugar?
What is a diet plan for reducing weight?
What are the effects of an all bean diet?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
What is the good time to eat black gram?
How much food does a dairy cow eat to produce one gallon of milk?
Is there another way to track calories besides counting calories?
Can a person ever completely recover from extreme emaciation?
Are 'extra' carbohydrates stored as saturated or unsaturated fats?
How do you test food to determine its fat content?
What is the use of calcium carbide in fruits?
What kind of foods do Americans usually eat?
Can Tums be taken as a calcium supplement?
Who is an excellent nutritional supplement sales letter writer?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
Why do meat and seafood have high purine contents?
How can you describe the difference between coenzymes and vitamins?
Does decreasing the carbs in a vegan diet mean reducing one’s intake of chapatis, rotis, or rice?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What are the benefits of taking fiber supplements during pregnancy?
Why is sucrose a non-reducing sugar?
What nutritional deficiencies could occur if you only ate chicken, broccoli, rice, and oatmeal?
Does the diet plan of Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury work?
Can somebody recommend a top-notch dietician/nutritionist in Dubai that can help me lower bad cholesterol levels?
What are the dangers of speeding up your metabolism with pills?
Today I binge ate 4,000 calories of only pastries. Will I catch cancer?
Does junk food cause cancer?
What are some poor diet habits, and how can one eliminate them?
How can I measure the calories in Lay's chips?
What is the best way to get protein extracted from the brain?
What would happen if I only ate boiled egg whites for a month?
How many calories do I need per day to gain 10 pounds of muscle?
Can pregnant women drink rose milk?
How many calories are required for a student in a day?
What is a diet plan for gaining muscle?
What is an example of a diet containing every nutrient a human needs?
Would humans evolve to absorb nutrition from junk food?
Is it necessary to use supplements for bulking? Additionally how much support supplements can provide?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Are the nutrients in compost lost after being burnt?
Is consumption of whey protein allowed for Olympic players?
Is chicken more nutritious than egg?
What are 5 ways to stop cheating on your diet?
What are some delicious, filling, healthy, but low-calorie foods?
What are some healthy microwavable foods for a school lunch?
Is vajrasana beneficial on both full and empty stomach?
How do you prepare your lentils before eating them?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Why do Democrats find it worthwhile to hurt the soda industry and force downsizing, just because of some people's bad diet choices?
What are some of the best natural sources of vitamin B12?
How can I feed/fuel my muscles with protein without gaining weight?
How does red meat consume change the composition of intestinal bacteria, such that it is more likely to produce TMAO?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
What are some random hacks that can make you healthier and happier?
What are the differences between being sugar intolerant and diabetic?
Which mushrooms have the most protein?
Can someone suggest a low-carb Indian diet?
Why is it that only after I eat something very sweet or very oily I feel full?
Are there any supplements which help in PMS?
What's a good preworkout snack?
What are the health benefits of urad dal?
Why do I get food comas after lunch but not after dinner, despite eating the same amount?
What is the difference between crude polysaccharide and carbohydrates?
Do customs duty applies on only protein or on all kinds of supplements?
What are some reasons not go pescatarian or to cut out red meat from your diet?
What will happen if I eat dark chocolates every day?
Which food contains high vitamin c?
What would happen if we consume a lot of sugar?
Are there any credible sources on healthy diet?
Are BCAAs found in natural foods?
What does academic evidence say about the effectiveness of vitamin supplements?
Is the host able to secrete recombinant proteins in the growth medium?
How can we check milk’s purity with a lactometer?
What vitamin can you get in carrots?
What are the nutritional benefits found in Apple juice and vodka?
What is a nutrition epidemiologist, and is this a good career?
Would a typical breakfast cereal be considered healthy if not for the added sugar?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
Can calcium oxide be extracted from eggshells?
What is the best fruit for all season?
Is lactose bad/harmful for infants who are allergic to milk protein?
Which nutrients is an Indian lacto-vegetarian diet most likely to lack?
Are you familiar with the FODMAP diet? Can you point me to a website that explains this diet?
Does coffee reduce sleep?
Food materials containing fat and oil which are left for a long time changes their taste and smell?
What is the quality of chapati that’s made by a chapati making machine?
How accurate is the calorie counter on Apple Watch?
How can meal replacements be used? Are they effective? Won’t I feel hungry after consuming the same?
Do our bodies absorb nutrients better when there is less "junk food" in our system? If so, how?
What is the no bread diet?
Does Dr Gundry's diet as explained in his recent book "The Plant Paradox" work?
What are the nutritional benefits of sardines?
What's the proper diet for a 17 year old male?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
What is the maximum amount of vitamin D that I can take at once?
What type of fat does protein contain?
How can I reduce my intake of sweets?
What ways are there to intake a lot of insulin?
What will happen if I drink beet juice daily?
How do I apply vitamin C serum?
If my BMR is 1599 and I burn 600 calories a day and eat 1500, will I lose fat?
How do I develop a healthy meal plan?
Why is the ideal minimum safe calorie intake limited to 1200 calories?
Do Chinese people care about the glycemic index when making healthy food choices?
Are there food safety issues to using MDM (mechanically deboned meat) of chicken, turkey, or pork in processed meat applications?
How do I not go over 1,000 calories, what should I eat?
Where did our ancestors get vitamin B12 from in a vegan diet?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
How do we come off statins permanently and maintain low LDL cholesterol?
Why do I eat so much when I study?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
What are the health benefits of mango seeds?
What are healthy foods for those with Crohn's?
How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?
Is peanut good for diet?
What would happen if I go on a protein-shake only diet for a month?
What is vitamin C efficacy?
What is the best supplement stack for me?
What kind of disease it is when you can't eat carbohydrates?
What vegan diet books do you highly recommend?
Are food-quality crushed hemp seeds safe to eat? Do they produce negative effects?
Is supplement protein good?
Is raw unpasteurized milk the best milk for my family?
What are good vitamin supplements you recommend (and why) for middle aged men?
If someone weighs 300 lbs but has been eating healthy and 1300 calories/day for two weeks but hasn't lost weight what could be the reason?
How can I increase my protein intake without relying on supplements?
Does by eating supari our intelligency gets dull?
Is it ok to have heavy food while sick?
Can I use meal replacements? Are they reliable?
Does the average Westerner accumulate red meat in their intestines which they can't pass?
Does drinking milk over fish cause white patches?
Are broiler chickens healthy to eat?
What essential nutrients and minerals will you lack, if you eat only gruel/porridge for every meal?
How much protein, carbs, calories, and fiber do I need to gain 1kg per week?
Can I eat rice with high cholesterol?
Is it bad to eat excess sugar if you want to be an elite level sprinter?
What information do nutritional labels contain that you can use to make educated choices on your diet?
What are the benefits of eating egg whites?
If the digestive system filters out waste and what we don't need, then why can't we eat whatever we want?
What are the most essential vitamins for optimum wellness?
Does your body produce more sugar if you think too much?
What are the benefits of eating kumara?
How can I eat healthier when my family doesn't buy healthy food?
What are the benefits of eating pasteurized cheese?
What is the best caloric deficit diet plan and work out plan to gain muscle mass and lose body fat in 6 months (whey protein based diet plan)?
Do you eat until you feel full or do you eat until you don't feel hungry?
What 3 foods, if eaten exclusively, will give your body the best nutrition?
What is the best diet for a woman suffering from PCOS?
Why can humans eat different foods all the time but dogs are unable to without getting sick? A scientific explanation would be preferred.
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Why do raw cacao nibs have different nutritional value on all different packaging and online?
Does smoking cannabis 4 days before a blood test ruin the results? It is a test for vitamin B12, folic acid, glucose, potassium, and calcium.
How do I break a plateau in a ketogenic diet?
At what point should I start using the nutrients for fruiting while growing hydroponic cucumbers?
Does isolate whey protein powder harm the kidneys and the liver? What is the maximum intake per day for a bodybuilder?
Where can I get whole grain rice in Mumbai?
What is the best source of Vitamin B12 for a vegan?
What nutrients are required before pregnancy for a smart baby?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
What improvements do I make to my diet?
Why do Indians eat such a high percentage of carbs?
Is baking powder unhealthy or shouldn't I worry?
Why do we need BCAA during work out to when protein is tertiary source of energy after carbs and fat?
What are the foods or fruits that can supplement strong sperm in man?
What were the first non-human mammals to be milked by humans? What early evidence do we have of milking livestock?
What would be a good vegetarian diet plan (excluding supplements) for a beginner in the gym for gaining weight?
What are the components in B12?
How do you find the best joint supplements in 2017?
Are sugar-free raw chocolates best for your health?
What are the effects of sedatives, narcotics and hallucinogens on your metabolism?
Is taking a multivitamin worth the risks?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
How do people like Matt Stonie maintain their weight even after eating junk food in huge proportions on a regular basis?
Why do doctors advise us not to give animal milk to children?
Can carbohydrate consumption before bed (<~3 hrs before) cause oversleeping?
What’s a proper diet for a St. Bernard puppy in the Indian climate?
Does eating dosa every second day make you gain fat?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Is eating one time a day harmful?
What foods help to reduce cholesterol?
What foods cause the most gas?
How do I make skimmed milk at home while retaining substantial amount of protein?
How do I stop eating junk food and stop thinking about food?
In how many days does normal protein reach the muscles?
What is less healthy, not getting enough nutrients or over eating on junk food?
Can I mix blended almond powder in milk? What benefit will drinking it on a daily basis give me?
What's the issue when it's hard to keep liquid and food down when I eat?
Is it healthier to replace dairy with meat in Chinese Medicine?
What is considered a healthy diet for a 5 lb chihuahua?
What are some nutrients to eat to get long nails?
What are the health benefits of eating too much asparagus?
What will happen when you mix cigratte and milk?
Should a 17-year-old follow a ketogenic diet?
Is 3000 skips a day enough to lose weight with a standard diet?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in a sausage and peppers?
Which whey protein is good and original for a decent amount?
Which food should men avoid?
Why do steel cut oats boil so much faster than regular oats?
Is it true that you can live quite a long time on a diet of just sugar (energy), water (hydration) and a little protein (to feed muscles)?
What are the health benefits of eating imitation crab meat?
How are citrus fruits good for your health?
Can I eat cold stuff on my period?
Why can't I lose weight even though I am on a 900 calorie, high-protein diet?
What are the best sources of selenium in natural foods?
It is ok to eat high GI food occasionally?
Why is cholesterol important?
On which basis are vitamins divided into vitamin A, B, C, D, E, and K?
What are the top five foods one should eat during pregnancy in order to care for the baby?
I am 15 years old and I weigh 82 pounds. Why am I so skinny? I eat a lot but not too much meat. I eat meat about 3 times a month.
Is there any science behind eating or not eating certain food groups at certain times of the day or times of the year?
Does Korean fermented bean paste have probiotics?
Will the calories in legumes (e.g 100g lentils) change when sprouted?
How do different foods make you feel, a few minutes after you finish eating?
What is the prevalence of copper deficiency?
Is there a cracker type product available that uses protein and fat but with no carbohydrate?
What should I eat in the morning? I am an Indian.
What is the best way to make a protein shake with yogurt?
What is the best food to eat after sex?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
How many nutrients do men lose in one masturbation?
Do all kimchi have probiotics?
Is chicken liver high in cholesterol?
Does H-Mart kimchi have probiotics?
How can I calculate the calories in coffee with cream and sugar?
What does 24 kcal mean? What is the difference between kcal and normal calories?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
How many milligrams of omega-3 should I take in a day?
Why are certain pills supposed to be taken before a meal?
If people want to stop eating junk food, why can't they just not buy it?
What is the importance of fats in our body?
How can I achieve this Keto diet goal?
How long would you survive just drinking your daily calorie requirement as olive oil?
Is avocado toast healthy?
Do Phenocal diet pills work?
What are the best foods to eat while on chemotherapy?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in a cup of rice?
What is a good and reliable source to measure calories for Indian food on internet for a beginner?
Is overnight refrigerated food healthy to eat?
Why is my stomach swollen, heavy and protruding if I’m not eating anything?
What are some healthy toppings for porridge?
Why do people think that they still get nutrition from their food like we did in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s?
What is the market size of plant based protein in India?
Is it okay to give my chickens some whey protein?
Does being full mean that I exceeded the max calories my body needed for the day?
Does chicken breast have cholesterol?
How do you know if you eat enough nutrients?
What will happen if 2 Keraboost tablets are taken daily instead of one per day?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
Do I really need to eat vegetables every day?
Why do potassium supplements only contain 3% of daily value?
Is water fattening?
Can we use egg shells in place of calcium tablets?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
Which is the best protein or supplement to build muscle and size?
What are your stories about the GM diet?
Does IBS have any serious effects on your health? I see some food particles in my bowel movements. Does IBS prevent you from digesting food?
What if I meet my daily protein intake only through whey protein, eggs and chicken, and work out very intensely? Will this give me good results?
Should I be eating food right now? I woke up at around 8 and hungry but eating at night might not be good.
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
What are some physical and digestive features of herbivores that are influenced by their sources of nutrition?
I am vitamin D deficient and after almost a year taking vitamin D supplementation my blood levels didn't improve. What can I do?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Is there any side effects of vitamin E capsules on hair?
What are some proofs that USANA is better than all other brands of health supplements?
How long do anti-nutrients like Phytic Acid or Tannins stay in the digestive system after you've ingested them?
Should I buy casein?
What are some examples of extensively hydrolyzed formula brands?
What are the pros and cons of consuming high fiber meats?
What are the differences between being sugar intolerant and diabetic?
Fruit versus fruit juice, is there any difference in terms of nutrients?
How much does having one cheat day a week affect weight loss?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
Why is whey protein causing hair to fall out?
Do customs duty applies on only protein or on all kinds of supplements?
What should be my diet plan to lose 7kg? Should I consider taking protein drinks if I work out 5 times a week?
How can banana and milk make me fat?
Are Ziploc containers safe for storing food and reheating food?
What will happen if somebody eat food infected with cockroaches?
How do you convert calories to kilocalories?
Is rice a junk food?
Can Vitamin D supplements be given to children?
Will eating egg whites daily increase your cholesterol?
What should be my diet to gain 6 packs?
How can meal replacements be used? Are they effective? Won’t I feel hungry after consuming the same?
What is the bioavailability of a vitamin in food?
Is it possible to get food poisoning from beer that sat open at room temperature for 3 days?
In the East, can one feasibly live on less than $2 per day?
What is a low calorie substitute for cheese?
What are the foods rich in vitamin D?
If lectins are bad in high amounts then do most vegan dieters eventually have gut inflammation, bone, dental, mental & autoimmune issues?
Why do some people even from Indian philosophies or in India, choose to eat food from 'outside' 'homes' by ordering?
What's the proper diet for a 17 year old male?
What do I do if I can't do low carb due to diverticulitis?
What are the long term effects of eating moringa seeds in the morning?
What type of fat does protein contain?
Is it dangerous to drink one glass of wine every night?
What are tigers' nutritional necessities?
How do I develop a healthy meal plan?
In how many days can a vegan develop a B12 deficiency? How long does it take to recover from it?
Should I transition my 2 cats into a raw diet?
What are the heath benefits found in castor sugar?
Could you tell about cases of nutrient deficiency in your life or someone's you know?
What is the link between a healthy diet and a healthy skin?
Does the Paleo diet live up to the hype?
How can I measure the calories in Crunchy Nut cornflakes?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
Is the idea of fun amongst youth only limited to having alcohol over junk food whilst blaring music is being played?
Why did Vitamin Water start putting nutrition facts on the bottles?
Does fermenting a vegetable make it carbohydrate-free?
What is a fish and veggie diet?
What are these brown spots and the yellow goop in the duodenum section of the small intestine?
Is it ok to have heavy food while sick?
What are the food items for carbohydrates?
If I have a mild, easily regulated craving for meat, and if I'm deficient in a nutrient, which nutrient might my body be seeking?
What 3 foods, if eaten exclusively, will give your body the best nutrition?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Can you survive well on a mostly protein-based diet with no sugar & no fat? How will it affect you over the long term?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
Where can I get whole grain rice in Mumbai?
Can B12 deficiency cause leg pain?
What is the best source of Vitamin B12 for a vegan?
What are the best fast carbohydrates to include in your diet?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
What are the foods or fruits that can supplement strong sperm in man?
How I get to know what should I eat daily so that I get all essential nutrients in my diet?
Will you gain weight on a diet?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
How do people like Matt Stonie maintain their weight even after eating junk food in huge proportions on a regular basis?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
How could I eat 2600 calories a day?
How can I not work hard on not getting fluffy, aka fat?
What will the American diet look like in the future?
What's the benefit of white coffee?
What are the best examples of tasty food made more healthier in the simplest methods?
In how many days does normal protein reach the muscles?
What advice would you give to a person who has to feast on an expensive buffet the next day? What are any tips and tricks to consume the maximum amount of food?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
Should I eat my fruits after meals or before meals?
Why is the trend of having a protein-rich diet increased in normal day-to-day life?
Are there any food supplements or foods to help with mental focus that work?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How can I estimate protein concentration in unknown powder?
What are some examples of organic nutrients?
What are the benefits of eating a banana for breakfast?
What are the nutritional facts found in a veggie shish kabob?
What do you mean by metabolism?
How come Koreans eat so much and not gain weight?
What supplements can you take for thalassemia minor?
Is it morally right to drink cow/buffalo milk? I was told that in most cases they are forced to mate with their male counterpart.
Is a sublingual B12 vitamin effective?
What is the best way to boost your metabolism before bed?
Does Faasos provide junk food?
If there are 35 calories per 100 ml in a juice, how many calories are there in 500ml of that same juice?
Do you have to eat a large quantity of food in a mukbang?
What is BodyKey?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking probiotic supplements?
What are the benefits of taking fiber supplements during pregnancy?
Does slow cooking retain vitamins better than fast cooking?
What are the dangers of speeding up your metabolism with pills?
What are the sources to get vitamin D on vegetarian diet?
Is it true that the morning sun gives us vitamin D?
Which is the best time for taking both whey protein and creatine on the same day?
Can pregnant women drink rose milk?
Can fruits clean up our stomachs? Sometimes when I eat something oily, after that I want to have some fruits.
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
Do recovering anorexics require more calories to gain weight than 'normal' people?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
What is the best food source of Vitamin D?
Is vajrasana beneficial on both full and empty stomach?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
Is it advisable to brush more than 2 times a day, if our diet contains sticky food such as butter (in breakfast)?
Does lack of Vitamin D result in depression?
What are the nutritional benefits found in white lightning sangria?
How many scoops of whey protein to take on a keto diet?
What happens if I don’t eat for a day?
What type of ADR is a haemolytic crisis in a Glucose-6-Phosphate deficiency?
Is salt unhealthy?
How do I do easy carbohydrate counting?
Is VDR Taq dependent on how much Vitamin D you have at the current time or is it the receptor?
What does protein do to our body?
What are the nutritional benefits found in chicken katsu?
Will it be possible to create food artificially from the required things (soil nutrients, sunlight and air) by mixing in right proportion?
Can creatine and whey protein be taken at the same time?
Does B12 prevent dementia? What about with the addition of folic acid?
Does dietary potassium pose a cardiovascular risk?
Why are antioxidants no longer considered so healthy as it was previously thought?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
Do our bodies absorb nutrients better when there is less "junk food" in our system? If so, how?
Why have I not been able to think clearly, and why has my memory declined?
Why is celery considered a good source of fiber?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
How do I recover from a severe vitamin D deficiency?
Why are avocado and olive oil considered healthy fats?
Why does my stomach bloat for 3 to 4 hours after I eat but goes back to normal after I excrete?
Why is Progenex Whey Protein Isolate not sold in India?
Are there food safety issues to using MDM (mechanically deboned meat) of chicken, turkey, or pork in processed meat applications?
Which brand should I choose for a whey protein isolate?
What are the benefits of eating fresh water clams?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
Can anyone help me with swimming diet for pre & post?
What is the double meaning of vitamin C?
Does whey protein really help in long term?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
Which is the best junk food?
Does your body produce more sugar if you think too much?
What are the health benefits of eating kabocha squash?
Can pregnant women eat potato chips?
Is eating unripe cantaloupe safe?
Can resistance exercise be hypothesized as possible internal protein (or maybe calorie) restriction mimetic?
What are the top foods and intakes for better mental development and function?
What is the formula to find out how much protein to eat for one’s body weight?
Is it possible to create such a food which does not have any calories but is able to satisfy hunger?
Does fruit that is highly flavorful have a higher nutritional content than fruit that has very little flavor?
Is there any food that contains vitamin E or supplements which can help you to get better sleep?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
Why do Indians eat such a high percentage of carbs?
Is baking powder unhealthy or shouldn't I worry?
What are the components in B12?
Is taking a multivitamin worth the risks?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
Where do I buy Optimum Nutrition Pro Gainer in Delhi?
What is toned milk?
How can I measure the calories in a roast potato?
What are the similarities between fats and carbohydrates?
Which kingdom has the maximum nutritional diversity?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
How is HDL good cholesterol and how is LDL bad?
Are fully-cooked breakfast sandwiches in cellophane wrap that are warmed up to 200F-225F safe for consumption?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
Do modern human diets lack collagen (gelatin)?
Do potatoes contain Vitamin C?
Should I eat protein while hiking?
Should a 17-year-old follow a ketogenic diet?
Which rajma has more protein?
What are good ways to lower bad cholesterol?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Which is the best college for nutrition in Delhi?
Me and my wife are vegetarians and in middle 30's. We always feel tired and lack of energy What is the best vegetarian diet to improve overall health?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
Where can I find and read scientific researches about nutrition so I am properly informed?
What is the best nutrition plan for faster recovery of broken legs?
Is it true that you can live quite a long time on a diet of just sugar (energy), water (hydration) and a little protein (to feed muscles)?
Does a deficiency of hemoglobin make the body dry, and how can one overcome the deficiency?
They say fiber is good for you. But we know that fiber is not digested by the human body. What's the benefit?
If you are on the Keto diet, can you tell me the success you've had with it?
What is the good healthy diet routine?
What happens when protein powder is mixed with hot milk?
Is there a cracker type product available that uses protein and fat but with no carbohydrate?
Can I take a multi-vitamin supplement (e.g. Revital, NUTRILITE Daily, Riconia G) without consulting a doctor?
Which diet is the perfect diet for longevity and health: veganism, vegeterianism, or omnivorous?
What led to invention of sugar?
What is the best omega 3 fish oil supplement?
Would a meticulous diet devoid of carbohydrates prevent calculus buildup?
How can I achieve this Keto diet goal?
What are the sources of protein for bodybuilding?
What is the best protein for vegan to grow muscles?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
Do Phenocal diet pills work?
Is fruit ripeness and fruit density correlated?
Is it worth it to blend or eat food in its natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, vitamin, mineral gain and variety) regardless of time?
How do I practice the oatmeal diet?
Why do we plateau when dieting? Is that maybe just the size and shape that is right for us?
What are your reviews/opinions about Acacia Whey Totale (whey protein supplement)?
If 14 men consume 630kg of rice in 18 days, how many men will eat 770kg of rice in 28 days at the same rate?
Can somebody recommend a top-notch dietician/nutritionist in Dubai that can help me lower bad cholesterol levels?
What are healthy alternatives to rusk and biscuits?
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for a month?
When you cook cauliflower and/or broccoli do they lose any nutritional value?
What is your review of Six Pack Nutrition 100% Whey?
Which vitamin is said to be vitamin M?
What is an example of a diet containing every nutrient a human needs?
What are the health benefits of lime cordial?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
Why is there so much apprehension towards raw beets?
Is consumption of whey protein allowed for Olympic players?
What would happen if I only ate chicken, broccoli and brown rice for every meal?
How important is proteins for persons in 70s?
Is grain free cat food better than with grain?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
If someone enjoys eating healthy food, does it mean they don't have sensitive tastes buds?
Why is it that only after I eat something very sweet or very oily I feel full?
Which are some good supplements for skin?
What can you do in the morning to really kickstart your metabolism, and how can you maintain this throughout the day?
Is rice pudding fattening?
Are there any supplements which help in PMS?
Is Amway XS whey protein good or bad?
What are the main risks of vitamin D deficiency?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
Is it good to take protein powder on a regular basis?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
If I leave my protein shake in the freezer, and it freezes, will it lose any of its nutritional value?
Can our body adapt to higher calorie intake without weight gain?
Could I split a Natrol Biotin 10,000 mcg capsule in half to get 5000 mcg only per day, or won't it be effective?
Is soya powder really more healthy than eggs?
I can't seem to stay on any diet. I really feel like I'm just not strong enough to keep up with the change. How can I diet successfully?
What is the normal dosage of omega 3 and biotin capsule and from which site can I buy from?
What is a nutrition epidemiologist, and is this a good career?
Why don't high proteins diets work?
What are the best 5 vitamins / supplements to take for a longer life?
Are you familiar with the FODMAP diet? Can you point me to a website that explains this diet?
What are the health benefits of lime and honey?
What are some tasty, healthy snacks?
Do magnesium malate supplements have an expiration date?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
What is nutritional?
What are some vegan bodybuilder's protein source?
What are the effects of nutrition, inbreeding and hybridization?
How do I apply vitamin C serum?
If my BMR is 1599 and I burn 600 calories a day and eat 1500, will I lose fat?
Is peanut good for diet?
What is the perfect diet plan for a 19-year-old boy if he wants to increase his weight?
What are the side effects if vitamin B12 is low in the body?
Is the current officially-accepted view of nutrition wrong?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
How can I increase my protein intake without relying on supplements?
Does drinking milk over fish cause white patches?
Why is a baked chicken diet considered healthy?
What vitamins are important for the retina? What foods can supply those vitamins?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
How can I calculate the calories in 100 grams of rice?
What happens with too much nitrogen in the body?
How can I go for a balanced diet after being in a restricted diet of around 800 calories per day, without gaining back my weight?
How did the people in India drank milk before the discovery of Pasteurisation?
What would happen if I eat maintenance calories on a test cyle?
What is a good bodybuilding program and diet for me?
If industrialized milk is poisonous because of all the toxic things cows are fed, then would the same apply to protein powder made from milk?
If the recommended daily sugar intake is 37.5g, does that mean you can only have two bananas and one apple a day?
Canned sardines’ nutrition labels list only three vitamins and iron. They supposedly contain more. What's the deal?
What is the best vegetarian diet with eggs for weight loss?
How many grams is one serving of rice?
What are some healthy snacks that can be consumed at the workplace easily?
Does the Japanese deep breath diet really work?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
Can you die from a spice overload?
What are some easy chicken based recipes to get protein?
What are the benefits of eating litchi fruit during pregnancy?
Which food should men avoid?
Is taking protein powder after workout good for health?
What is your favorite kind of leafy vegetable?
What are the best sources of selenium in natural foods?
What is some good food for a student to eat?
What are the bad sides of eating too much seaweed?
What are the dangers of eating mayonnaise during pregnancy?
What should a long jumper eat?
Can you have nerve damage while treating a vitamin B12 deficiency with excess B12 (loading phase)?
I have an allergic reaction to dairy products and high glycemic foods. I don't want to avoid these foods. Where and how can I get treatment?
How can I build my muscle naturally? Is there a recipe for making protein powder?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
What happens if humans don’t need food to live?
What are the health benefits of eating Nature Valley granola bars?
What do I eat if I want to avoid foods made using chemical processes?
How possible is it to ever design a machine that can live off of foods that humans eat for a constant supply of energy?
How much fat does pizza contain?
Why do elders say not to drink milk at night?
If I eat once a day, what will be the best time to eat?
What are the important Sources of Calcium for Women's Bone Health?
What is Dr. Nazarian’s diet menu plan?
How much protein is there in a single egg white?
How would switching from a high carb diet to a cyclic ketogenic affect one's performance in strongman and powerlifting competitions?
What is a diet plan for reducing weight?
What are the main benefits of hemp protein powder?
Can a person ever completely recover from extreme emaciation?
How much junk food do you consume on a daily basis?
How many hours does a bodybuilder wait to eat from the last meal at night to the first meal at breakfast?
What are the best foods to cure thalassemia minor in adults?
Does mucus have any known nutritional, nap, or digestive benefit?
Has anyone tried Vitamin D supplementation to cure Keratoconus?
What nutritional deficiencies could occur if you only ate chicken, broccoli, rice, and oatmeal?
How can a herbivore have protein in his/her meat while they eat plants?
How can I switch to low-carb diet when all food I know of, has carbs?
What is your favorite kind of green vegetable?
How can I measure the amount of calories in Fruitella?
Which is the best protein or supplement to build muscle and size?
What information can I get about protein supplements?
Is it true that most C and B vitamins are destroyed during cooking?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
How many grams of sugar per day is okay?
What will happen if a person consumes 200g of protein per day for 1 month and his weight is around​ 55-60 kilograms?
How is water absorbed in the human body?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Why is processed ham bad for you?
Is it enough to eat overnight soaked 8-10 almonds and 20-25 raisins only in breakfast?
Is there any relationship between GMO foods and increased allergies?
Does soy or wheat contain more lectins?
Of actual foods, which is the most toxic? Why?
Are calories a bad measure for reference; are there better alternatives?
What type of diet should I take to get more muscular mass? And how?
If cats are meat eaters, how do they get their vitamin C, or do they need it?
I have heard that some sugars, such as those in honey, are more healthful than others. What sugars are in honey?
Which mushrooms have the most protein?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
What if we could not convert complex sugar in simple sugars? What will happen?
What is in vitamin G?
Is it theoretically feasible to create a full protein out of fauna in the way mammals make milk out of it?
A nutritionist told me weight loss is 98% diet and 2% exercise. Is there truth to the nutritionist's percentages or is it wrong?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What happens if you have too much unsaturated fat?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
Can Sangobion be given together with calcium?
What is tinned milk?
What foods make your legs thicker, and why?
Where is protein digestion accomplished? (AIIMS 1996)
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
Is eating milk powder injurious to one’s health? Does powdered milk really have oxidised cholesterol in it?
What are the nutritional benefits found in Apple juice and vodka?
I am 22 years old and weigh 59 kg. How can I use whey protein in the best way?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
How accurate is the calorie counter on Apple Watch?
Do women use extra calories when they have their period?
What is the quality of chapati that’s made by a chapati making machine?
What is the meaning of plant and animal nutrition?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
How would a horny pony shake its body?
When addressing undernourishment, why is it that the amount of calories often prevails over quality?
What are the nutritional benefits of sardines?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
What are the side effects of having 2% of fat in my protein shake?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
Could too much saturated fat make you throw up?
Why am I not losing weight when I'm on a diet of 1,200 calories, eating produce, whole grains, lean protein, etc.?
What does unrefined sugar look like?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
How do I achieve a sustained calorie deficit?
Can I have both whey protein and creatine on the same day? Will it cause any negative/ill effects?
Is protein powder a necessity in working out?
How can you effectively speed up cooking time of vegetables while maintaining or preserving it's nutrients?
Is raw unpasteurized milk the best milk for my family?
Can vitamin C help with abortion at any months?
Is it viable to extract sugar from soya beans, similar to the way sugar is extracted from corn?
Does the average Westerner accumulate red meat in their intestines which they can't pass?
What are some characteristics of the nutrients provided by milk?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
How much protein, carbs, calories, and fiber do I need to gain 1kg per week?
What is "nutritional penury" as it relates to evolution?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
What are some merits and demerits of asparagus?
Does mixing egg with milk help to increase a person’s height?
What is the best diet for a woman suffering from PCOS?
What are some unconventional careers related to nutrition?
How do I stop craving carbs?
Which is rich in protein egg or sprout?
What are the foods to eat for becoming energetic?
What vitamin deficiency do you have if your legs hurt, even while sleeping?
What are some ways to slow down your metabolism and gain weight?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
What are the benefits of urad dal for our skin, hair, and health?
How can I check how much blockage I have in order to check my heart’s status as I daily consume a lot of butter?
How have psychedelics and/or meditation improved your life?
Should I go for protein shake?
In fitness, does the term 'calories' refer to small calories(cal) or large calories (kcal)? For eg, "you must take in 5000 calories per day."
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
Are sugar-free raw chocolates best for your health?
Now that we know there is a "nutritional soup" on Europa and Enceladus, what is the likelihood for life?
Is night cream with vitamin A worth using?
How many times can you eat junk food in one month?
Are vitamin A and vitamin E both necessary for the eye’s retina?
What Are The Different types of Protein powder?
How should a basketball player (or any other explosive athlete) prepare for a game nutrition wise?
What are some of the best foods to lose weight?
Does the nutritious value change from roasted almonds to normal almonds?
Can you still build strength on a caloric deficit?
How can you convert fat to calories, and what are some examples?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
What are the best low-carb foods to lose weight?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
In what form of energy does oxygen transforms the food that we eat?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
Can you take pre-workout supplements while on seizure medication?
Why is a tender coconut (coconut water) more expensive than a coconut?
Why can't I lose weight even though I am on a 900 calorie, high-protein diet?
How is 18% body fat different for a 50-year-old and a 31-year-old?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
What're the best methods for men over 50 to boost their metabolism?
What is the best amount of protein for a dog to eat every day?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
What are the health benefits of Kashmiri Kahwa?
What are some foods with iron and zinc?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Do most people have too much iron, and therefore do not need to supplement with it?
How can I speed up my metabolism when I cannot be active due to multiple chronic illnesses? I am unable to eat much at all, which is part of the problem.
Is avocado toast healthy?
How do you make sugar out of sugar beets?
How are the calories found in dried pasta measured?
What are the best foods to eat while on chemotherapy?
Does chickpeas contain fat?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
Is excessive added sugar a sign that the food industry is cooperating with the sugar industry to handle the sugar surplus?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
Should I take whey protein or any other protein supplements?
How many calories are there in a meal of two Idlis and one cup of Sambar?
Is whey protein good for teenagers, and is exercising with weights good for them or not?
Which food helps in getting vascularity?
How do I to burn the carbohydrate?
Is Nestea Zero (sugar-free) healthy?
Where do I find the biggest studies on vitamin D?
How much does a vitamin shop make?
How is the Recommended Daily Allowance (dose) of any mineral decided?
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
What are some strategies to gain weight without eating unhealthy food?
Where can I find a good symptom checker for a study question on nutrition?
Can any body tell me about best nutritionist in Lahore?
Why does a cheese string have so much calories?
Why do some forms of vitamin C cause fatigue and drowsiness?
How many calories should my 12 year old daughter eat per day?
Are there any health consequences caused by drinking a lot of tea?
Does the nutritional value of freshly cooked vegetables like pulse, cabbage, beans, etc., remain the same after 12 hours of refrigeration?
What are the health benefits of truffle oil?
What is a 3-week diet plan?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
Will I notice a difference when taking vitamin supplements?
Why is lemon water/green tea causing me to break out?
I want to eat better, healthier food, but whenever I try, I gag and can't get it down. Is there anything I can do?
Why do we have to waste food by throwing away egg yolks? Aren't eating whole eggs a safe way to gain muscle mass?
Which food contains high vitamin c?
What do you think about the year-long experiment of eating Omega-3 fish that did not change cholesterol for the better but increased mercury levels?
How much kale do you eat per day?
What can I munch in the night after 9 without the fear of gaining calories?
What is healthy food for a boy who goes to the gym?
I spent 1 year taking vitamin D, and my last blood test didn't detect an increase in my D levels. Do supplements work at all?
Which online site sells the original whey protein in India?
How can we check milk’s purity with a lactometer?
What vitamin can you get in carrots?
How many calories are in 1 glass of fruit juice?
Is lactose bad/harmful for infants who are allergic to milk protein?
What fruits should I eat for a kidney infection?
Why did you stop your diet?
What diet should we eat daily to lose weight and live healthy?
Is flaxseed expensive?
Is whey protein a scam?
Should 13 year olds be given vitamins?
To increase overall serotonin production in the body, what food supplements do we need?
How can a naturally skinny person put on some weight?
How many calories a day should I eat if am a 5' 4" female and am too sick and disabled to exercise much?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
What vitamins are good for dizziness?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
Is chewing junk food 32 times beneficial or harmful for our health?
How much skin must be exposed to the sun and for how long to produce appreciable amounts of vitamin D?
How does the Animal Stak supplement compare to the Animal M-Stak supplement?
What foods will give you natural energy and allow you to focus better?
Is there any real science supporting the "gluten prevents the absorption of nutrients"?
Why are sugar substitutes considered bad for you?
What would happen if I go on a protein-shake only diet for a month?
What are the benefits of eating one avocado per day?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding for a complete day?
What kind of disease it is when you can't eat carbohydrates?
Is drinking Boost the same as taking a multi vitamin?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Why do some parents give their children junk food after they refuse a main meal?
How many people's worth of nutrition can be derived per hectare of arable Class 1 soil, developed intelligently and with plentiful water?
If food was priced by its calories, would most of us be healthy or malnourished?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
What kind of recipes won't work if you substitute lactose free milk in place of real milk?
What are the most essential vitamins for optimum wellness?
How do weightlifters afford to eat enough food?
What good food do you recommend I eat to bulk up and gain weight?
What kind of food should we eat to be healthy?
What is the best way to remove an old leg scar?
Why does the FDA say artificial sweeteners are healthy to eat?
Are pickled beets carbohydrate free?
Why don’t you need magnesium as part of your daily nutrition?
If water doesn't have any calories, then how does green tea have 2 calories?
Is it okay to eat fried food every day while reducing body fat but keeping track of macros in a calorie deficit?
What foods are high in protein and best to eat to build muscle?
What are the benefits of eating raw carrots every day?
What are the nutritional benefits found in rara chicken?
How do I gain 20 kgs weight being 23 years old and height of 5'11? I'm pure vegan and wouldn't take any animal based food also like milk and eggs.
What is the nutritional value of curd and whey?
Why do we need BCAA during work out to when protein is tertiary source of energy after carbs and fat?
What are the final product of Carbohydrates proteins and fats after their digestion?
Would a glass of pure fruit and/or vegetable juice each day be more beneficial than taking a supplement?
Is drinking milk at 2 o'clock in the daytime in the summer harmful?
Is it incorrect if I am taking protein entirely from protein supplements and not from other sources?
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
What nutrients is there in corn?
What is it like to consume any naturally available specific item internally or externally for a long or short time, in order to see the benefits that they give your body?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
What's the best way to increase vitamin D in the body since I am facing a vitamin D deficiency problem?
What is the best daily vitamin brand for a young woman?
Will I go into starvation mode and stop losing weight on a 1000 per day calorie diet?
What is considered a healthy diet for a 5 lb chihuahua?
How do you wait in between meals?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
Which whey protein is good and original for a decent amount?
How are citrus fruits good for your health?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
Can I eat cold stuff on my period?
How can I stop feeling hungry on a liquid diet?
Where can I buy 100% natural multivitamin supplements in India?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in chocolate coins?
How much does it take to start a supplement brand in India?
Why do natural (cooked) meat juices keep more or less indefinitely under a layer of fat in the fridge?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
How can I get fit and strong though skinny and stop eating junk food? I’m 15.
Are starchy foods carcinogenic? Also, is a high carb diet linked to increase of diseases like cancer?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
How can I measure the amount of calories in a Publix rotisserie chicken?
Which protein supplement is best for height?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
Is the sugar from red bean paste healthier than other forms of sugar?
How many nutrients do men lose in one masturbation?
Is it possible to have too much fiber?
Why is it so important to treat yourself when on a diet?
What are the best supplements to gain mass?
Can iron supplements damage the GI tract of a three year old?
Does vitamin C in vegetable soup get destroyed or dissolved into the water?
Will indigestion be cured by eating papaya every day?
What are the effects of an all bean diet?
Are 'extra' carbohydrates stored as saturated or unsaturated fats?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
What is the mode of nutrition in animals?
Can anyone send me a detox plan, like a week’s plan of what to eat?
The fitness gyms prefer whey protein for fast-growing muscles. Is it good to use whey protein? If so, then which brand?
How do you know if you eat enough nutrients?
Today I binge ate 4,000 calories of only pastries. Will I catch cancer?
Does IBS have any serious effects on your health? I see some food particles in my bowel movements. Does IBS prevent you from digesting food?
What is the diet of a person whose serum total in bilirubins is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
Is this combination of supplements advisable?
Is it possible to lose weight by eating a low carb intake in the diet but a little more than the limit to avoid going into Keto?
What are the biotin included foods that I should take?
Are the nutrients in compost lost after being burnt?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
Is it good to drink evaporated milk three times daily?
Is it proven that plant-based diets like veganism contribute to strong bones, low disease & so on? Why don't most athletes use plant-based diets?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
What are the symptoms of B12 deficiency?
Can tooth decay be caused by nutrient deficiency?
What are 5 ways to stop cheating on your diet?
How do you prepare your lentils before eating them?
Which food is good for health in children?
What is the effect of eating a lot of salt?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
What are some good brands of vitamins?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
Is a simple whey protein shake of just whey and almond milk sufficient as a meal replacement for lunch?
How do we digest cow milk?
Is it rude to bring “outside food” into a food place if most of your friends are actually eating there?
Is 2 plums and Cheerios with milk a healthy breakfast?
How do I commit to a diet, when eating and my happiness are so closely linked?
How many Calories (kcal) does the brain need to function properly?
Am I eating too many carbs?
Why do I get food comas after lunch but not after dinner, despite eating the same amount?
Would it be unhealthy to drink 1.5 litres of water at once?
What would happen if we consume whey protein irregularly?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
Why is butter considered bad for you?
For vegetarians, is there anything like egg whites that is high in protein and low in fat and carbs?
How long do vitamins stay in the body?
What does the Benjamin Diet look like?
What are the methods to gain weight with whey protein without side effects (vegetarian food)?
What are vitamins and minerals good for?
What is the nutritional value found in Pizza Hut's breadstick?
What food should one eat to repair the damage caused by drinking Coke?
Is whey protein heart healthy?
What are the syllabus, topics, practicals, projects, etc., for a BSc in food and nutrition?
Has anyone ever gone “cold turkey” in order to be completely sugar-free? I want to try and stop the cravings.
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
What are your top 5 in terms of what you look for in a nutritional supplement?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
Which whey protein should I use for gaining muscle and weight? I am from Pune.
Is it good for a lady to take sugary food or drinks?
How do carbs help us?
What is the healthy alternative to carbonated drinks other than fresh fruit juice?
Why are so many harmful substances allowed in most of America's food and water?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
Is there a scientific way to detect the presence of buffalo milk in cow’s milk or buffalo milk in goat’s milk? Fat content can be easily manipulated.
Who are some mental health professionals with a strong background in nutrition?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
What are the essential amino acids for adults?
Which food supplements should everybody take?
What are the health benefits of eating raw meat?
Why is the rate of response with parenteral iron not faster than oral?
How do they get fresh meat into dry pet food biscuits?
Are broiler chickens healthy to eat?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
How can I eat healthy on a budget?
If the digestive system filters out waste and what we don't need, then why can't we eat whatever we want?
Do we need to eat protein rich food even when you are taking protein powder?
What are the risks of eating orange foods?
What are the benefits of refreezing defrosted meat?
If we have protein supplements available, why do many still prepare their protein diet?
Can I allow myself to take Levocetirizine once in three days for severe itching? Is it ok?
Where can I get a perfect schedule of a nutritious diet for low-hemoglobin patients?
Is it OK to be on a keto diet for days and go high on carb 1 day a week (so I can eat my favourite sugary desserts)?
What is the best nutrition for cross country runners?
What are the benefits of substituting brown sugar for white sugar?
What is the “sugar industry”?
What is the cheapest diet plan to gain weight as I am a student?
How can I be sure that the calorie count on my food package is correct? Who is responsible for the accuracy?
Will the world ever come to the point where our only real chance for long term survival requires us to live off a staple diet of Soylent Greens?
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
What is the best time of day to take Miralax?
Is a varied diet better than a limited diet?
What are the nutrition facts about cannolis?
How much can dealers earn with authentic whey protein?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
Is there a substitute of whey protein?
How can I calculate the calories per scrambled egg?
What should I do to increase the intake of a man's stick in my hole?
What are monuosaturated fats good for?
What are the benefits of eating prunes?
How fast do you lose weight on 200 calories per day?
How long does a liquid multivitamin take to build up in ones system and take any effect?
Is it worth to leave medicine and start studying nutritional science ?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
? When is the best time to take?
How many calories should I consume daily to reduce my weight to 78kg to 60 kg?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
Why are some juices, claiming to be "without added sugar" and listing no added ingredients, sweeter than homemade ones?
What are the benefits of eating orange foods?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in a sausage and peppers?
Why are fungi not good in terms of producing protein compared to bacteria?
Do women who are lactating but not breastfeeding still need to eat more calories?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
Can I eat potatoes and get lean?
What advice do experienced vegans have for those who have just started?
When was the dnaA protein discovered?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
Why is vitamin B12 contraindicated in undiagnosed anaemia?
Buffalo milk contains certain elements for the growth of their offspring. Why do we humans need to consume their milk?
Is the BCAA supplement made up of hair?
What is the potassium content in pineapple juice?
What are the side effects of protein powder without enough physical exercise?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
How much food does a dairy cow eat to produce one gallon of milk?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
Is there another way to track calories besides counting calories?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in a cup of rice?
What is a good and reliable source to measure calories for Indian food on internet for a beginner?
Is overnight refrigerated food healthy to eat?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
Why does taking too much vitamin E cause a stroke?
Is cheese a dairy product?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
How do you know if a product is 99% fat free?
Is saturated fat unhealthy?
What will happen if 2 Keraboost tablets are taken daily instead of one per day?
Which dry fruit is best for daily use in a normal body?
What are the vegetarian food with plenty of protein?
What are the health benefits of using garlic powder?
What are some poor diet habits, and how can one eliminate them?
How can you increase melatonin levels to a safe level through diet?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
What would happen if I only ate boiled egg whites for a month?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
What are the nutritional facts found in vegan croutons?
Is drinking Complan the same as drinking milk?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
What and how should I eat and how do I calculate how many calories I need to decrease?
What's the most compete/nutritious food for humans?
Is peanut butter a good product for building muscles?
Does breastfeeding have nutritional value?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
How should I go about increasing my calorie intake for adding muscle?
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
If you are on a diet but you are craving for that delicious meal, what would you do?
When a medicine says take with food, how much food and what kind of food should I have?
What if I take Albumen powder instead of whey isolate; will it help for fat loss?
Does anything actually speed up metabolic rate or are all the suggestions i.e. Eating spicy food or excessive caffeine just myths?
With hepatitis E, what food can we eat?
How are vitamins determined in a food?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
What are the benefits of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
Who are the five most popular diet and weight control "gurus"?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
What would happen if we consume a lot of sugar?
Is a BSc in food and nutrition theoretical?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
Can I eat a pizza once a month with no worries?
Is eating healthy worth it?
Is the host able to secrete recombinant proteins in the growth medium?
Do bananas contain any calcuim? If so, then how much calcium does each 80g banana contain?
Would a typical breakfast cereal be considered healthy if not for the added sugar?
Why do people prefer to have supplements?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
What can be some healthy options to satisfy sugar craving?
Does daily intake of vitamin C when taken with a shrimp meal cause poisoning?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
What are the risks of refreezing defrosted meat?
What are the best supplements to take for boosting energy?
How do we come off statins permanently and maintain low LDL cholesterol?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding?
What are the health benefits of musk oil?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
What is vitamin C efficacy?
What are the other carbohydrates beside starches?
Is it good not to take dinner for health if someone has slow digestion?
What is a jaggery glycemic index?
What are the most legitimate scientific studies showing that animal protein is detrimental to human health, and a plant-based/vegan diet is superior?
Why is a person who sells juice not healthier than I would expect?
Would lack of Vitamin D increase CO2 storage?
When did we start using sugar?
What over-the-counter herbal products increase metabolism?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
What's the fastest way to increase Vitamin B-12 and D?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in 2 fried eggs?
What material could be used in windows to let UV for vitamin D from the sun be used?
When selling bottled homemade almond milk, should you boil the water used for making the almond milk or should you boil the almond milk ?
What are the health benefits of the South Beach Diet?
Is there any relation between acne and food?
What is the best caloric deficit diet plan and work out plan to gain muscle mass and lose body fat in 6 months (whey protein based diet plan)?
Is sodium citrate natural? I only eat things that are natural in foods and my prawns have sodium citrate. Is that a salt?
I went a full day consuming fruits and walnuts. How does my body react to that?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
Why did vegetables and fruits develop such different reproductive strategies?
What is the best healthy eating app?
Do cooked fruits and vegetables have vitamin C?
How much omega-3 is in salmon roe (ikura) and flying fish roe (tobiko)?
What would you prefer, 1 handful of peanuts or BCAA supplements?
What do you eat in your Paleo diet plan?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
Should a two year old take vitamins?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are some good diet pills similar to OxyElite Pro?
What’s a proper diet for a St. Bernard puppy in the Indian climate?
Is it a bad idea to eat chicken biriyani the day before an exam?
What is the difference between one calorie of fat, protein, and carbs?
Are sugar and yogurt mixed together healthy?
Should I eat an apple or an egg as a midnight snack?
What is less healthy, not getting enough nutrients or over eating on junk food?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
Why do Indian people eat spicy foods?
What is the proper time to eat yogurt?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
What are the best forms of vitamin and mineral compounds that are most easily absorbed, when taken as a supplement?
Is 3000 skips a day enough to lose weight with a standard diet?
Is the traditional Malayali vegetarian diet protein rich?
What are the health benefits of the sashimi diet?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
Is pasta considered a junk food?
Are there any downsides to BCAA supplements? Which ones are the best?
What's the caseinogen of milk?
What are chocolate strawberries’ nutrition facts?
What is the prevalence of copper deficiency?
If cholesterol (saturated fat) is removed from naughty list, does this mean it's alright to eat high fat foods?
How nutritious is lobster?
How can I measure the calories found in 1 slice of white bread?
Does eating melatonin-rich food have positive effects, or are the effects negligible?
How do vitamins function in our body?
Is it possible that the world may some day come to a point where Soylent Greens becomes the main staple of the human diet?
What are the nutritional facts found in a gluten free carrot soup?
How much water intake does our body needs in Summer?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
What are the cheapest sources of protein?
What vitamin deficiency causes bruising?
Do peanuts contain more protein than an egg?
How can I start eating healthy, stop eating junk food and getting fit as a teenager?
What percentage of Indians take supplements?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
What are some healthy toppings for porridge?
What medicines should one take if one is not feeling hungry and hasn't eaten a proper meal for days?
Who is an excellent nutritional supplement sales letter writer?
Are kettle cooked chips healthy?
Does the flavor of your protein powder affect how healthful it is?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
Why do meat and seafood have high purine contents?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
What foods make your arms thicker, and why?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What are the functional properties of foods?
What are the best apps for keeping a healthy diet?
What should I do to increase the calcium level in my body?
Is eating chapathi better than poori?
For girls, what diet you following that is available and good for your health?
How can I intake more protein without supplements?
What are some of the best foods that make your breast grow?
What food and health supplements can lessen the effect of pollen allergy and hay fever?
A food item has 5 grams of fat. Three grams are monounsaturated; 1 is saturated. What is the other 1 gram of fat?
Can taking a testosterone supplement increase your height?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
How does red meat consume change the composition of intestinal bacteria, such that it is more likely to produce TMAO?
Comparing between dietetics, nutrition, and food technology/science, which one is the best for master’s studies?
Apple is considered to be a negative calorie food. So, if someone ate only apples, would he starve to death eventually?
If a person takes RDA of every mineral from birth, can he still have some mineral deficiency?
What are the yummiest foods that one can eat in a train journey?
What are the healthiest food that we must eat regularly?
How much protein is the right amount?
What Keto Diet apps are available?
Did anyone treat any disease by a mega dose of vitamin C via an IV?
What are the health benefits of eating garlic bulbs?
What are some healthy substitutes for a typical Indian roti meal?
What does an egg contain?
What are the best natural foods to eat daily?
Can beans be your only source of protein?
What happens when you start a "calorie deficit" diet?
Does vitamin and mineral deficiency cause a low grade fever?
Which is the best biotin supplement available in India?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
Is it ok to have a cup of sugar tea on a keto diet?
What can fill my tummy for a whole day if I eat only once a day?
What would happen if a person eats too much spicy food?
Does food sober you up when you're high?
What is the best way to reduce calories from alcohol?
Are BCAAs found in natural foods?
How do I raise my energy level?
What is the best way to remove mercury from a tin of tuna without destroying its nutrients?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
What are the protein powder/health supplement brands you should buy in India?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for 1 month?
What is wrong with drinking skim milk as opposed to full-fat milk?
How can I reduce my intake of sweets?
If there any diet plan for IT girls?
I got a ketone result of 8.0 according to ketostix after 2 days of fasting and one day of high fat moderate protein. Any ideas as to why?
What's the difference between nitrites and nitrates, and why are they bad for you?
Where is the vitamin digested in our body?
How can I measure the amount of calories in one cup of green grapes?
How can I quit refined sugar?
If lentils cause more uric acid in the blood, then how can a vegetarian take dietary protein in the proper amount?
Does eating potatoes on a regular basis affect the joints?
How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?
Can I have a scoop of whey protein outside of my 8 hours eating window for intermittent fasting? As in, if I eat at 3pm to 11pm and work out from 6.30 to 8 am, can I have some of the protein?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
If someone weighs 300 lbs but has been eating healthy and 1300 calories/day for two weeks but hasn't lost weight what could be the reason?
What is the initial diet?
Is stretching important post-workout?
How much fruits should one eat?
What is the metabolic function of vitamin T?
Can you purchase 5000 mg of vitamin D3?
How many calories are in one piece of white Nabulsi cheese?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
Are dietary supplements unregulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration?
Why can humans eat different foods all the time but dogs are unable to without getting sick? A scientific explanation would be preferred.
Does India have good protein supplements for common man? If yes, which one?
What happens if intake too little levothyroxine?
Why do some items on corporate menus not have calories listed?
How do I mix omega 3 fish oil with foods without losing its nutrients?
Why does 11β-HSD2 deficiency cause apparent mineralocorticoid excess (effects like mineralocorticoids binding its receptors) but not glucocorticoids?
What is tanned protein?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
I'm a 20 yrs old male and got some belly fat (on the sides only) out of the blue. Why?
Why should we use mineral water?
What were the first non-human mammals to be milked by humans? What early evidence do we have of milking livestock?
What happens if I eat the required amount of 100% healthy foods and then consume one unhealthy food in a day?
What is the nutritional information of fresh, raw hemp/cannabis leaves?
What is the daily amount of potassium required for an adult? Why do tablets only cover 10% of it?
Does physical digestion occur in the oesophagus?
Which is the best time of the day to eat fruit?
What is the healthiest food we can eat?
Does eating dosa every second day make you gain fat?
Is eating raw rice dangerous?
What foods help to reduce cholesterol?
I eat chicken every day. Is that bad for me?
What kind of diet plan recipes does Dr. Nazar didn't give to his patients for a 1200 calorie?
Which is healthier between sugar, regular honey and dried fruit?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
Can I mix blended almond powder in milk? What benefit will drinking it on a daily basis give me?
What is the average freight cost for companies which are dealing in salted snacks, which are primarily high on volume and low on value?
Is it healthier to replace dairy with meat in Chinese Medicine?
Is a baby food diet healthy for adults?
What are the health benefits of eating too much asparagus?
What are the dangers of eating one avocado per day?
What is a perfectly balanced diet?
Do fresh water sardines have omega 3 fatty acids?
On which basis are vitamins divided into vitamin A, B, C, D, E, and K?
What is the health treat of using palm oil as a replacement of milk fat in food products like ice cream?
What should we eat after workout, except protein shake?
What effect will there be from a high protein diet (150gm protein, 250gm carbs, 40gm fat) on a man who weights 74kg, is 5′8" tall and has 19% body fat?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
What is quantum effect on protein?
What is the normal sugar?
Why do some people have a high metabolism and some have a slow metabolism? Is the energy turned into heat?
As a pescaterian, should I take vitamins daily?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
What will be the growth of the brain health supplements’ market?
How can I get more antioxidants?
What type of proteins are consumed by vegan athletes to stay fit?
Are calories all that matter?
What are the most effective & natural methods to increase your iron intake on a plant based diet?
In which medium should I take whey protien?
Are protein powders (whey, for example) unhealthy?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
Can I stop taking whey protein?
Is BCAA consumption healthy when I am on a super active lifestyle? I am 25, 5′4′′ in height and 60 kg in weight. Can I take whey protein after a workout?
Will sugar always be bad for you?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
Does Global Impex supply genuine MuscleTech whey?
Do I really need to eat vegetables every day?
How many calories does an apple have?
What food is the most unhealthy?
What would be the average cost of sustaining an adult human being (food, clothing, education, water etc) anywhere on earth ?
In an effort to make a stubborn person understand, is eating bland and unpleasant food and starving oneself actually not helpful during a diet? Why?
What are your stories about the GM diet?
How come I stop feeling hungry after doing HITT routines?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
Is it ok to put a (super) fat full-grown cat on a diet?
Can I eat 1 tablespoon of peanut or almond butter a day and not gain weight?
Are vegan foods and gluten-free opposed to one another?
What is the paleo/Mediterranean diet?
What is the best cereal to eat with less calories?
What diet should I take to get a lean and tight body?
Why is whey isolate too costly in India?
What is the nutrition value of chocolates?
How is the amount of milk that is consumed per day in a certain nation calculated or assumed? What procedures are to be followed?
What is a proper food diet to cure leucoderma?
What is Fact grain (granularity)?
Does a nontoxic, supplemental Vitamin D reach toxicity if it’s supplemented with sunlight?
What are the major roles of protein constructing human body?
Is it okay to skip dinner and drink milk instead?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
What foods should be included in the diet during pregnancy for a healthier baby?
Some say you should eat something when you wake up. Others say drink water, work out then eat. Which is it?
What happens when you have extreme hunger but there is no food to eat?
How can I make a poster on a nutritional disorder?
Can you give me a detailed comparison between fat free, low fat, and full cream products, and which are the best for you, and why?
How are nutrients such as proteins and carbs lost in food?
If you were permitted to eat only one food for the rest of your life or you died, which food would you choose and why?
After how many days of cholecystectomy can I start drinking milk?
Which fruits contain a lot of vitamin A?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
Can a couple shots of whiskey a night or glass of wine really cause weight gain?
What are the top 5 weight loss diets?
They say cooking food in the microwave makes it lose its nutritional value. Will that food help in dieting?
Can calcium oxide be extracted from eggshells?
What are the nutrition facts found in beef tongue?
What nutrients are used in our eyes?
What kind of body plan does a Ctenophora have?
Is it okay to drink a banana shake after keeping it in the fridge for 9 hours?
Does coffee reduce sleep?
What are some famous quotes about nutrition?
How can I stop eating lots of food and stop eating junk food as a teen to lose fat?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
What are some good foods to help gastritis?
What are the benefits of soy protein for weight loss?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
Why is the ideal minimum safe calorie intake limited to 1200 calories?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
How do I not go over 1,000 calories, what should I eat?
Where did our ancestors get vitamin B12 from in a vegan diet?
What are ketogenic foods?
How can I eat raw garlic without burning my mouth?
How can I calculate the calories in cheesecake slice?
What are the nutritional facts found in brown miso?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
How can I measure the calories in triple sec?
Has anyone tried making protein pancakes out of regular pancake mix and just adding protein powder into it? Is it okay for people who work out?
Is supplement protein good?
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
Can DHEA supplements cause hair loss?
Why do some protein powders say "not suitable for persons under 16 years"?
How can I measure the calories in Marmite?
Which supplements, if any, should be taken with a ketogenic diet?
What destroys protein in food?
What are the best, least expensive solvents for fat soluble vitamins, like vitamin A, D3 and vitamin E oil?
Are food cravings really a symptom of food sensitivity?
How do I find out all consumed foods are digested or not?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
Why do raw cacao nibs have different nutritional value on all different packaging and online?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
Am I going above my daily intake of sugar if eat a mango?
How much food should a sixteen-year-old boy eat?
Can I have a protein shake if I have PCOD?
Are there any studies on the benefits of inactive probiotics?
Can diabetic patients eat protein supplements (powder) including some sugar?
Does breastfeeding have any nutritional value after 9 months?
What are the most dependable and quality supplement brands?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
By how much does Omega 3 reduce the common inflammatory markers?
How do you find the best joint supplements in 2017?
What is nutrient flux through an animal?
What are the calories in melted butter?
What are the reasons for the increase in cholesterol levels in women?
How much carrot juice do I have to drink, per day, for my skin to become noticeably orange?
Can consuming any types of spices stunt or speed up your weight loss if you have them with your meals, in a calorie deficit?
What food we should eat to live long life?
Is eating uncooked rice unhealthy?
What foods cause the most gas?
If protein was an impurity in the sample, how could one remove the protein to purify the sample?
What are the calories in a cup of red grapes?
Where can I get genuine ultimate nutrition products in Nagpur or online?
What are some nutrients to eat to get long nails?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
Does drinking milk lessen the chances of getting arthritis?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
Is the sugar found in honey bad for you like how white/brown sugar is?
Is protein necessary for loosing weight? If yes, then which type is better: whey or isolated?
What does a workout diet look like?
I am 15 years old and I weigh 82 pounds. Why am I so skinny? I eat a lot but not too much meat. I eat meat about 3 times a month.
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
What are the effects of regularly eating food that has empty calories?
How can I send clenbuterol powder to a customer safely?
Do Britannia Marie Lite biscuits contain pork fat?
Which other dish can replace upma in terms of its nutritive value?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
When laboratories calculate a food's caloric value, is fiber counted as a carbohydrate and is therefore included in the total calories, or is it excluded?
What are the nutrition facts about red wine?
Is chicken liver high in cholesterol?
How many milligrams of omega-3 should I take in a day?
Is milk good for owls?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
Where do you think vegans get their protein from?
What are the most common foods to be allergic to?
Can I buy whey protein with Sodexo meal vouchers online? If yes, what are some pointers?
How bad is eating 3000 calories worth of nut butter per day for you? (About 3/5 of my total calorie consumption)
Is forcing myself to eat 3 - 5 bowls of rice for lunch to gain weight dangerous for my health?
Can Tums be taken as a calcium supplement?
What supplements help you keep an erection?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
What are the advantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
What is the best diet that worked for you?
Is it safe to take 4 scoops of whey protein per day?
What is the most basic diet you can live on healthily?
Which is the best bcaas supplement out there?
Can I lose weight off of a liquid based diet?
Is it a good thing to have only milk and dates for breakfast?
If ketones are a clean fuel for our body, how come not everyone is on the ketogenic diet?
Is rice better for a diet for a diabetic patient?
What is the diet for a typhoid patient with jaundice?
What are some delicious, filling, healthy, but low-calorie foods?
Can unhealthy food make you stupid?
What is the diet plan of those guys who uses the gym at home?
How do I gain weight and what will be my diet?
Which are the best colleges for a BSc in diets and nutrition in India?
What can I do/buy/eat to help quickly digest bread, potatoes, and red meat and avoid bloat?
Why do Democrats find it worthwhile to hurt the soda industry and force downsizing, just because of some people's bad diet choices?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
Does a combination of whey protein and creatine help in weight loss?
What are some signs of an increased metabolism?
Have you used the nutritional therapies pioneered by Dr. William Walsh?
What is the Activia diet?
Can anyone give me an Indian diet of 4000 calories only for muscle gain with supplements? My weight is 50 kg and my height is 5′8″.
What is a multidrug resistant protein?
Can I eat as much as I want in Warrior diet?
What are some reasons not go pescatarian or to cut out red meat from your diet?
How could I prevent becoming depressed before bed?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
How much time is needed to fix B12 deficiency?
Which universities are the best for researching nutrition?
What brand of normal protein (not whey) powder is good?
Do you think the nutritional guidelines for diabetics should be changed to low-carb?
Should I drink lactose free milk for a weight loss diet?
How do vitamin supplements help in preventing wrinkles?
Are dandelions really a superfood? How would you prepare them?
What is the best fruit for all season?
Does the BSc course in food and nutrition require extra hard work?
With the Japanese diet rich in carbohydrates such as rice, noodles, and tubers, how do the diabetics fare?
Should I go into a calorie surplus and then cut?
Are there any supplements out there that are actually worth taking?
If sugar is a light powder, how does it add weight to a person’s body?
Which is the most polarizing food?
How can good nutrition be promoted?
How would my skin be affected if I were to take a megadose of vitamin C?
What happens if you only eat 1000 calories a day, then do a 500 calorie workout everyday as a fourteen year old girl?
Is it unhealthy to drink a liter of Pedialyte every day?
What cereals can you find at Whole Foods that have a lot of carbs but very low in sugar/saturated fat?
If you were only allowed to eat 300 calories a day, but can eat anything you want, what would you/should you eat?
What dietary options are available to people who do not wish to eat plants or animals?
Enzymes are synthesised in our body but vitamins are not. Why?
If sugar is said to cause wrinkles, does that mean the sugar in fruit does the same?
What foods should I eat to help with fatigue?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
What is the cheapest whey protein powder available in India?
How do I increase fibre in food?
What are the health benefits of mango seeds?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
How beneficial is Amway Nutrilite protein powder?
What are the best nutrients found in fruits?
Can eating just a small amount of raw egg make you sick?
Does omega-3 cause weight gain?
Is it safe to give calcium/vitamin D supplements to an autistic child?
How can I measure the calories in a 500ml beer?
Why does chemical properties of compounds such as vitamin D make them much more likely to result in toxicity than say another vitamin like vitamin C?
What are the benefits of eating pasteurized cheese?
Why don’t athletes eat sugar?
Is it possible to get all the nutrients you need on a liquid diet without supplements?
What's the best way to inform about fitness and nutrition?
What does “conc. semi crystalline cane juice” mean?
Does brinjal contain fat?
Why is eating a low amount of calories bad, if it’s only done for short periods of time?
How do I lose weight when all my parents buy is fast food?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
How can I measure the calories in a cheese string?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
What's the most efficient way to successfully change poor eating habits and commit to a healthy diet?
Can someone with high cholesterol levels eat scallops?
What are your tips for sticking to a diet?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
Is my non meat based diet plan right for my weight training?
How is a person affected if he drinks water only once in three days for a week?
I’m a skinny guy. Can I take whey protein to build my body along with normal running and playing sports like basketball?
How do I make an egg white omelette?
How can green tea make you lose weight?
How does drinking cold water affect digestion and metabolism?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Does whey protein kill the sex drive or testosterone levels?
Does honey cake contain sugar?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
Where can I buy genuine, great quality vitamin C serum in India online?
What should I eat to get more fat on my body?
What happens if you eat only brown rice for one month?
How can I prepare a low calorie spanakopita?
Why do we eat more?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
Last couple of days I have been depressed. Took 10 grams of vitamin D, now schizophrenia symptoms are back. Why?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
What is omega 3s?
What is the diagnosis of niacin deficiency?
If I stop eating junk food and soda altogether, how much does that contribute to weight loss?
How many calories are in one honeysuckle?
If one uses 100mL of water, how many grams of Vitamin B6 are needed to create a 0.5% solution?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is consuming chlorella or spirulina enough to meet the body’s daily protein demand, while gaining muscles for a teenager ?
What are the best foods to eat if you usually have palpitations?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
Can I drink apple cider vinegar daily?
What are the amounts of calories in purple grapes?
What are the protein sources for vegetarians?
Why does refined flour stick in the stomach whereas protein powders or other powders don't?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
Is it okay to give my chickens some whey protein?
How can I stop wasting money on junk food as a teenager?
What are some examples of high fiber meats?
What chemical changes happen with time, in common foods, after being cooked?
Does chicken breast have cholesterol?
How do I stop always thinking of food to lose fat?
Is water fattening?
What will happen when you mix cigratte and milk?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
Does eating Nutella daily cause weight gain?
How does a high carb diet affect your metabolism? I’m considering a caloric surplus to gain some mass.
What are the healthiest food items at IKEA?
What are the nutritional facts found in Macayo's enchilada sauce?
How do I discreetly cut my sugar intake?
What is the nutrition of a fillet steak?
How can one become a full time nutritionist?
Why does our blood pressure rise when we eat too much salt in our diet?
Can I remove the foam in my protein shake milk?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Which type of carbohydrates can be digested only by ruminants but not by humans? Why?
When lean bulking, should I eat more calories or less?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need in a day?
What food is the most filling with least consumption?
What are the best ways for vegetarians to get protein naturally in their diet?
Where do I find information on BSc food nutrition (topics, syllabus, practicals, projects)? Is it a theoretical course?
Can you suggest any modification for my diet chart that has been added to the ‘details’ part?
What are the budgetery protein supplements available in India under ₹1500?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
What's the difference between piloncillo, jaggery and raw sugar?
Is there such a thing as a healthy diet without vegetables?
What sort of nutrients does a girl's body lose during menses?
What kind of food strengthens the immune system?
If I eat too much food in 24hrs so, can I live one week without eating anything?
How do I optimize eating so it's maximally cheap, fast to deal with and it has most of needed nutritients?
Are there any credible sources on healthy diet?
Can children be given supplements of Vitamin D?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
What are some foods rich in magnesium and potassium?
What are the health and nutritional benefits of black matpe beans?
Whey protein is best with milk or water?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
What are the key ingredients of whey protein that make it the best supplement above all?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Rashes have developed between and around my fingers. Which vitamins am I lacking?
Is eating before bed bad for me if I have Crohn's disease?
What is the maximum amount of vitamin D that I can take at once?
What are the advantages of eating mangoes?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
What are examples of carbohydrate?
What is the best way I can cure vitiligo​ by intaking proper food?
What are some lucrative career option in nutrition?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
After churning out butter from our A2 milk cream, we are able to find some white powder like substance that sediments in the whey left. What is it?
Does B-protein help with loosing fat?
Do you agree that food studies are so contradictory for one to make an informed decision?
What essential nutrients and minerals will you lack, if you eat only gruel/porridge for every meal?
How much muscle do I lose in a calorie deficit?
What do you think about the FODMAP diet?
Is there any college for, food and nutrition around Coimbatore?
What diet can increase calcium?
How can I eat healthier when my family doesn't buy healthy food?
Is it possible to measure vitamin B12 level in the body and what is the normal value?
How do I take 150 g of protein a day with a veg. and non-veg. diet?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
How can I measure the calories in a shot of bourbon?
How can you calculate the carbohydrates in a lemon?
At what point should I start using the nutrients for fruiting while growing hydroponic cucumbers?
Is it possible to get an excess of vitamins by certain foods in the diet? Can we get an excess of vitamin A by having papaya daily or vitamin C by eating an orange?
What is the limiting-nutrient concept? And how do organisms adapt to nutrient limitation?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
Is the 5:2 diet safe for teens?
Why do people change so frequently? One day they are so good to you and the next day they are just the opposite. Is it just as per their needs?
What is the best remedy for too much salt in the diet?
How many calories does a whole pizza loaded with everything on it have?
When bulking do I have to eat healthy?
How does sugar impact atherosclerosis risk independent of weight gain?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
What is a good water to fiber ratio intake?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Which food has all the B vitamins?
Is fury a good supplement?
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
How do I make skimmed milk at home while retaining substantial amount of protein?
What is the process of nutrition in protozoans?
Why everybody says excess water (5–6litres) intake decrease sodium levels and unhealthy?
What is healthier, eating onions or onion sprouts?
What's the best way to eliminate 0 calorie soft drinks from your diet?
What is the best way to retain nutrients while reheating food besides a microwave or oven?
Can oral Vitamin D intake (through food or supplements) replace the value of exposure to sunlight?
Can you explain how working out more often leads to better eating?
How much would it hurt if the impact of a single bullet was distributed evenly throughout our body?
Is it safe to take 5000 mcg of Biotin daily? I'm concerned cause it's 1670% of the recommended daily value.
How do researchers/care-takers determine the ideal diet for a specific animal?
What is the best way to make a protein shake with yogurt?
In Bad Gastein, Austria, radon gas is considered healthy, yet we consider it unhealthy in the US. Who's right?
What vitamins are in raw peas?
Is grape juice healthy during pregnancy?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
How can I eat more protein?
Which in water living species would be the best choice for sustainable nutrition source for mankind?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
How has changing your diet changed your life?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
How can I calculate the calories in a chicken shawarma?
How accurate are the nutritional facts on labels in India, e.g. these labels on a Balaji package?
What is the cheapest way of taking protein supplements for weight loss?
How much protein would you need to consume in one sitting, to kill you?
What are foods to eat or everyday habits to do to stop getting a cold or getting ill so frequently?
Which is better: too much salt or too much sugar?
Do whey protein supplements affect your libido?
Which diet method really works? I have info about OCD - Obsessive Corbuzier Diet. What are some reviews of this diet?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
What are the best post-workout meals, excluding whey protein?
How can I calculate the calories in a sliced cucumber?
How can I resist and overcome the temptation for junk food?
What are some human food birds can eat?
If one varied the toppings enough, could one have a nutritionally complete diet made up of only pizza?
What are some random hacks that can make you healthier and happier?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
Is it possible that eating gluten at every meal (although not being allergic to it) can give you unbearable stomach pain?
What is the diet that should not be taken when one has chikungunya?
How can I stop being addicted to junk food?
What is the difference between crude polysaccharide and carbohydrates?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
Is there a drawback for taking one pill of Vitamin B6/B12 daily forever?
Can sugar intake increases weight?
Does a healthy diet have a connection with singing?
How can I reduce weight? Can anyone suggest a diet?
Do omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids differentially impact cognition? If so, what is the consensus regarding their influence?
What is the success rate of the Atkins diet?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
Out of every nutrient humans need, which ones directly sustain psychological health?
Why are there no savoury, low calorie foods?
How much would nutrients and minerals differ with different types of honey (pure, raw) from across the world?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Can I use raw white eggs and milk and a banana-like shaker post-workout?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
How nutritious are crab legs?
Are sugar-free foods really healthy, and do they have fewer calories than sugar?
How much glutathione does the body produce per day?
Which is the best whey protein isolate among the ones listed in the two screenshots attached in the description?
Is www.esnutrition.co.in good to buy supplements from?
Why is there such a lack of variety in fast food/street food in Western countries? When options do exist, why are they so unhealthy?
Is LPU good for a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
What are the nutritional facts found in a deep fried moon pie?
Where can I get the best protein powder?
Is there a brand of instant hot chocolate that is trans fat partially hydrogenated oil free, low-carb, & costs less than Caffe D'Vita ($0.58/oz)?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
Which degree would be more beneficial if I want to pursue a career dealing with the global nutrition crisis? An MS in human nutrition or an MPH?
I am trying to change my diet for the better. How do I switch to a high veggie diet without going over in carb intake?
Who are Pakistan's top 5 nutrition experts in Lahore?
What is the best supplement stack for me?
How can I best adapt the ketogenic diet to the meals served at my high school?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
What are the calories in Cuban bread?
Are health supplements​ safe for our metabolism, guts and health? Some trainers have told me that​ they are bad. What are the facts?
Is buying supplements on HealthKart safe or not?
What are typical dietary traits of centenarians?
When is the best time to eat a cookie?
How do I break a plateau in a ketogenic diet?
What are some foods I should eat before I work out?
What is dead vitamin?
What are the risks of eating fresh water clams?
What are some reviews about MuscleBlaze High Protein Cereal? They claim that it contains 17 gm protein per 50 gm of cereal. Should I buy it?
How do I get my one year old child to eat vegetables?
Which vitamin is formed by collagen?
What would be a good vegetarian diet plan (excluding supplements) for a beginner in the gym for gaining weight?
Will eating a whole raw steak make me sick?
How can I gain 15 kg of weight in two months?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What is your go-to weekday meal?
How can a diet change affect the correct digestion behavior?
How good is the skin at absorbing nutrients or toxins?
Does whey protein have probiotics?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
How do I gain weight? I am lean, and I work far away from home. What kind of food can I take with me to the office?
is the quantity of water intake same for all?
Is soy protein harmful to the human body?
Why do so many people accept and enjoy eating proccesed foods that are mostly added chemicals with large sides of fats and sugar?
It is ok to eat high GI food occasionally?
What is the importance of vitamins?
What are some foods containing estrogen and progesterone?
If I only have salmon, nuts, eggs, and papaya for my diet, how will my health be after one month?
Why should we not eat for 30 minutes before and after taking thyroxine?
What are the best and worst nuts to eat for overall health?
In the human body, do we get electrical/chemical energy from food, or are we powered electrically by our bodies’ own atoms separate from food?
Why do you add 100 calories in the keto diet, and till when?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
Are there any certain types of food that pregnant women can eat to enhance the beauty of their babies?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
If people want to stop eating junk food, why can't they just not buy it?
How long would you survive just drinking your daily calorie requirement as olive oil?
How can I be determined in my diet?
How do I stop thinking of junk food always to lose fat?
How can I calculate the calories in custard cream?
Why is my stomach swollen, heavy and protruding if I’m not eating anything?
What is the market size of plant based protein in India?
What would happen if I drink milk after lemonade?
What are the nutrition facts per 100 grams of crickets?
If my stomach is stuffed from the previous meal, can I wait until I'm hungry to eat again?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
Hod do you prepare a nutrition broth for an agar plate?
Why do potassium supplements only contain 3% of daily value?
What are some of the best Vitamin B2/riboflavin capsules in the Indian market?
Is a microwaved potato a better source of potassium, vitamin C and other minerals than a banana?
Do I need to take whey protein or low fat milk for muscle build up? Do they work the same way or does whey protein benefit you more?
How helpful is ketogenic chocolate in our everyday diet plan?
Which protein supplements are the best for me if I'm not able to meet my daily protein requirements from a natural diet?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
Is there any sugar free chocolate available in USA?
Is chicken more nutritious than egg?
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
Can I get only boiled diet?
How does fibre reduce the availability of minerals?
What are some of the best natural sources of vitamin B12?
Why can my friends eat more food and I cannot?
What is the best diet to get a teenager down to 15 percent body fat?
What is a multi-drug resistant protein?
What is an in-depth explanation of why people say sugar is bad for humans?
Can fresh fruit and vegetable juices & smoothies alone help an anorexic?
Why do dry roasted soybeans have more protein and calories for the same quantity when boiled? (What scientific chemical reaction is taking place?)
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
Can paneer be a substitute for protein powder?
Is it possible to survive (for long) eating only potatoes?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
How do radicals cause cells to age? How and why are they important for our metabolism?
How can I get enough protein as a vegetarian without repeating foods like tofu, tempeh, milk, and beans?
How do I take care of a patient on a low-sodium diet?
Why is chocolate so high in calories?
Can a cholesterol patient eat eggs?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
How can I get hungry quickly?
What supplements do I take to stimulate my tibia and fibula bones?
Will not consuming non-vegetarian food eventually affect vegans/vegetarians in any positive way or negative way?
How do overnutrition and undernutrition differ?
What is sharon fruit good for?
How do I stop eating sugar and craving it?
Why do the L-type calcium channels allow small amounts of calcium to pass through them in cardiac myocytes?
Does Garnier oil clear face wash contain animal fat?
Is it good to suck your wife’s breast whether there’s milk or not?
Do people with smaller mouths take longer to eat?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
What are the best healthy foods to eat in India?
Do various food products really give the health benefits they say on the label?
What is the most nutritious food to feed to hummingbirds?
As an adult, would it be possible to go back to receiving all nutrients, etc. through your navel?
What are the challenges faced in nutrition domain?
What would my paneer intake be (in terms of protein) if I have 150gm of chicken every day?
Why do I eat so much when I study?
Which vitamin reduces pimples?
What changes did you notice in yourself after cutting down sugar intake?
Does an onion lose its vitamins when it sprouts?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
Is honey healthy?
Is it possible to be allergic to Maryland blue crabs and no other crustaceans or shellfish?
Are there people with awe-inspiring physiques who don't use any supplements whatsoever and consume all their macros purely from their food?
Is it bad to eat excess sugar if you want to be an elite level sprinter?
What are the benefits of eating kumara?
Why is protein good to lose wieght?
Is there an organism that can convert carbohydrates into protein?
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
Does smoking cannabis 4 days before a blood test ruin the results? It is a test for vitamin B12, folic acid, glucose, potassium, and calcium.
Is going on the Keto diet long-term a safe/good idea?
How are plants different from animals in the mode of nutrition?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
Can drinking milk before bedtime affect one's sexual activity?
What would happen if Portugal were cold and rainy 200 days per year?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
If I want to eat the same thing every day and get all nutrients from vegetarian sources, what should I eat?
Has anyone used Combat Protein Powder? Is there any other product that is better than it?
What improvements do I make to my diet?
Why is that healthy foods are so expensive compared to the rest of the foods?
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
How healthy are Americans?
What are concentrated simple sugars?
Is whey protein harmful for the liver?
What is the cheapest and best way to get whey protein imported from the US?
Why is butter good for you, and what are the side effects?
Is dieting or eating less food required by the body, a good thing?
Why do we need fiber as part of our daily diet?
Can Splenda make you fat by making you hungry?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Why do doctors still cite outdated, Cold War era nutritional guidelines, regarding salt and saturated fat intake, for patients to stay heart healthy?
What should we eat after a workout, except protein powder?
Why is turkey high in protein?
Can we use disodium arsono acetete to fatten up cattle?
Lately, I have not been eating much. For breakfast, I have cereal, and for lunch, I eat as much as a 2-year-old, and that's it for the day. Is that okay?
What vegetarian lunch could I eat every day?
What kind of diet will give me clear skin?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What are the health benefits of eating oranges while pregnant?
What food did you eat that made you throw up?
Why is cholesterol important?
What foods can I eat to help heal my mouth ulcers?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
How do different foods make you feel, a few minutes after you finish eating?
What is the best diet eating only cucumber?
Why are certain pills supposed to be taken before a meal?
What is the importance of fats in our body?
Is it healthier to sweeten milk with honey instead of refined sugar?
What is the good time to eat black gram?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
I am giving my ringneck parrot milk and curd and cashew as a main food daily. Is it harmful for him?
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
What is it like to eat Lutefisk, Hongeo-hoe, Surstromming, Hákarl or other smelly fish?
How does the body work (all about food and energy)?
What kind of foods do Americans usually eat?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
Does decreasing the carbs in a vegan diet mean reducing one’s intake of chapatis, rotis, or rice?
Does junk food cause cancer?
How can I measure the calories in Lay's chips?
What will happen when we drink pocket milk directly?
Does taking vitamin/mineral supplements negate any benefits (water) fasting might give?
What are some reasons people drink meal replacement drinks?
Can we use egg shells in place of calcium tablets?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
Why does my stomach expand so much even if I eat something small like one banana?
I’m switching from 500 calories a day to 1,200 calories and gaining weight. What should I do to get my body back to normal?
Do milk and garlic heal stomach wounds?
How do I measure my daily consumption of calories without any instrument? Are there any standard estimations that will give me a rough idea of my calorie intake?
Can I reasonably assume that drinking vegetable juice every day will at the very least not be harmful and will provide at least some health benefits?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
What is the difference between "light" meat and regular meat?
Are there any health risks to eating only from nine to five?
What are some healthy microwavable foods for a school lunch?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
Which fruit or vegetable juice has the most nutritional value, least sugar and no added preservatives?
Does green peas contain vitamin D?
Is it ok to mix collagen powder and protein powder in one shaker bottle or it would be better to separate the two?
What supplements (aside from whey and creatine) are best for a highschooler who needs to pile on healthy weight?
What are egg whites good for?
Why does sugar intake interfere with dopamine production (or rather absorption?)?
How do I improve the levels of Vitamin D and calcium with Indian food habits?
Why do health specialists demonize orange juice, when its sugar is naturally-occuring?
If I have powder sample without any information about it and I want to estimate the total protein containing in it , is there any way to do that?
What are the health benefits found in Domino's pepperoni pizza?
What's a good preworkout snack?
What are the pros and cons of drinking a litre of water in a 2 hour window and sipping that same volume throughout the day?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
Is eating ice dangerous for my health?
What three meals will provide, in one day, 100% of the recommended amount of every essential nutrient?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
How we can find the nutrition efficiency of food given to animals?
What does academic evidence say about the effectiveness of vitamin supplements?
Which is the most nutritious, cow, buffalo, goat or camel milk?
What are the grams in a cup of sugar?
Should you eat before bed?
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
How nutritious is seaweed or some of its relatives?
Which nutrients is an Indian lacto-vegetarian diet most likely to lack?
What can we do to identify fake Optimum Nutrition 10lbs packs?
What is the no bread diet?
Does Indian gooseberry contain protein?
In a summer in Delhi, what type of foods with full proteins are good for your health?
Which nutrien has more energy and why?
If we raised prices on fatty foods and lowered prices on healthy food, would Americans be healthier?
What ways are there to intake a lot of insulin?
What will happen if I drink beet juice daily?
Do Chinese people care about the glycemic index when making healthy food choices?
What are the healthy foods to eat in India?
What nutrients am I missing if I don't eat peanuts?
How are the results of Amway Nutrilite?
Isn't there too much sugar in many food products?
Why do supermarkets sell carrots with and without green leaves on top?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
How long would it take me to pass out if I only eat 200–300 calories a day?
What are good vitamin supplements you recommend (and why) for middle aged men?
What is the difference between whey protein and milk protein?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
What are the benefits of eating egg whites?
What kinds of food are high in lipids, and why?
Which vitamins, minerals and chemicals don't require active transport to be absorbed?
What is a diet plan (vegetarian) for losing 12 kgs of weight, if I want to consume 1,200 calories daily?
Is consuming curd with sugar good to postpone periods?
Can you have an intolerance to only milk and not milk products (and only to cold milk and not milk that has been heated up)?
How can environment increase height or intelligence if no one in our ancestral history had an optimal environment?
What nutrients are required before pregnancy for a smart baby?
Which vitamin is associated with carbohydrate metabolism?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
Do spices contain nutrients?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
What natural foods, other than milk, can I consume to strengthen my bones?
What are the effects of sedatives, narcotics and hallucinogens on your metabolism?
Why does sugar taste bad after being sugar free for a few months?
Are there studies on the nutritional value of exclusively polystyrene foam consuming mealworms for further use in food supply?
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
How can I calculate the calories in pecan halves?
Where are excess carbohydrates stored in the body?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy?
How do apes develop muscles without consuming proteins?
Why does eating junk food cause acne?
What are the health benefits of eating Apple sauce?
Can I leave my peanut butter protein shake (milk, bananas & peanut butter; no protein powder) in the fridge overnight to drink it the next morning?
Is it worth to take over the counter calcium supplement. I've taken vitamins and stuff in the past but never seem to feel a difference. I'm 38 female?
What is the best food to have before pregnancy?
What are the health benefits of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Is lactase considered to be a protein?
What foods would you eat if you were never allowed to brush or floss?
What vegetables have the highest amount of protein?
Why do they put so much fat and sugar in fast food?
Why do steel cut oats boil so much faster than regular oats?
Why does it seem like most "accepted" studies are lobbied, especially in the nutritional, medical, historical, scientific & environmental fields?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
Which one is best whey protien in india?
Mechanically, how are cereals fortified with vitamin D?
What are muscle-growing foods?
What are the differences between protein powders and protein contained in food?
Does a dietitian and a nutritionist also have a NEET exam?
Why does a cheesecake slice have so many calories?
What is the best nutritional regimen (food, herbs, supplements, etc.) to heal Tourette syndrome and soothe an overactive nervous system?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
Do all kimchi have probiotics?
What are the nutritional facts found in the various types of nuts?
Do we have to eat every 2-4 hours or only when we feel hungry?
How many days after can I see the results of whey protein?
What happens if you don’t eat for 3 weeks?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
Why do people think that they still get nutrition from their food like we did in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s?
How did ancient Indian Lacto vegetarians got Zinc and Omega 3 naturally?
What should be the diet for hypothyroidism​ and hyperthyroidism​ along with their guidelines​?
Is milk powder also a good source of protein like milk?
Does being full mean that I exceeded the max calories my body needed for the day?
Just how different are lecithins from lectins?
When I am lean bulking, can I eat junk food?
How many calories do I need per day to gain 10 pounds of muscle?
Are there any foods that help prevent aging?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
How many calories are required for a student in a day?
Would humans evolve to absorb nutrition from junk food?
A hypocalcemia patient has a 7.2 ionized calcium level. Why?
Why am I thin no matter how much I eat?
Which is the most healthiest and nutritious dog food?
How will it affect my health if I eat 3 bananas a day?
Is there a fruit or vegetable that requires more calories to digest than calories it actually contains?
Are calories a viable measure?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
How effective are feminizing supplements?
How can I measure the calories in miniature Snickers?
Are there any studies on the possibility of parasites mutating according to what it may ingest? You are what you eat, so to speak.
Is the pasteurization of milk the same as the processing of milk?
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Is Muscle House a genuine importer of Ultimate Nutrition products?
Which one is good for health, hot milk or cold milk? Why?
Can adults eat Cerelac?
Why is lunch meat considered bad for you?
What does living off your fat do to you?
How many calories should we take before starting a 24 hour fast?
Are foods with carbs man made?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
How can I increase absorption of vitamin tablets and supplements that I take daily?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
Can you re-freeze (after microwaving), w/o issue, frozen vegetables?
What is the best diet for housewives?
What is the best diet for Osteopenia?
How much protein and fat should I eat to build and repair my muscles, as I started working out for one hour a day last week?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
What can be the most trending topic on a term paper for food sciences and nutrition management?
Are sugar free and sugar reduced foods any better for you?
Can you tell me details of the food items that are rich in particular vitamins, the diseases caused by the deficiency of those vitamins, and the symptoms of those diseases?
Does Dr Gundry's diet as explained in his recent book "The Plant Paradox" work?
Will egg whites help in getting B12?
What basic foods can a skinny person eat to add a little flesh in 3 weeks?
Do nutritionists and dietitians live longer than average lives?
If there was the same amount of protein in 10 gallons of milk and a week’s worth of a variety of food, would it make a difference what I ingested?
I want to bulk up to gain muscle. Should I follow keto diet or just eat lots of carbs and protein?
Can we become a food scientist if we have studied a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
Are soaked and peeled almonds really beneficial for health or is it just a myth?
How many calories should a man burn per day?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
What healthy food can 2 people buy for about 100$ which they can both eat every day for 2-3 weeks in Canada?
What are healthy foods for those with Crohn's?
How can adults obtain the essential amino acids?
What are the (UK) legal implications of writing about nutrition, supplements, and OTC meds about health online?
What vegan diet books do you highly recommend?
If a child is brought up on processed foods, including junk food, and nothing else, what would their health be like in their adult years?
Does by eating supari our intelligency gets dull?
Why do people think vitamin D can help with depression?
Can I use meal replacements? Are they reliable?
What are the organisms that take nutrients from dead and decaying matter?
What are your favorite bulk herb and supplement providers?
Is vitamin B12 level of 149 pg/mL low? What are the side effects of such levels?
Why is milk known as the complete food even when it lacks iron, copper and vitamin C?
What type of foods should I take to increase the size of my testis?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
Do you eat until you feel full or do you eat until you don't feel hungry?
What is a good, simple daily health habit that has strongly improved your health?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Why is Muscle Milk considered a good protein shake?
Does isolate whey protein powder harm the kidneys and the liver? What is the maximum intake per day for a bodybuilder?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
What are the steps to make your metabolism work fast?
What are the nutrition facts about cheddar?
How do you choose what to eat that is healthy?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
How do I incorporate Moringa powder in my daily food?
Will you gain weight if you eat unhealty for 1 week?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Is nausea a symptom of iron deficiency?
Why do doctors advise us not to give animal milk to children?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for meetings?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
Why can’t Indian judges and corrupt politicians eat processed food tatti instead of normal food?
Is it healthier to pan fry food with extra virgin olive oil or butter?
Is soy milk unhealthy?
Does tuberous sclerosis provoke a deficiency in any particular bodily vitamin?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
Does the sun provide vitamin D to us?
Why do we consume curd with sugar?
Do we need to consume calcium daily?
Can a food expert (nutritionist, doctor, etc.) explain why adding cream to hot green tea diminishes the nutritional value?
What are the health benefits of eating imitation crab meat?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
Why is it necessary to include flax seeds in your diet?
Does drinking fluids still count as eating if the drinks are deficient of any nutrition and you eat nothing besides?
What are the top five foods one should eat during pregnancy in order to care for the baby?
Why is it important to always take your supplements even when you are not going to the gym?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
What is a good reason that vending machines should be banned from schools?
What should I eat in the morning? I am an Indian.
Will the instant oat nutrition be different if I eat it without cooking it?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What does saponification do to fat?
What is the best food to eat after sex?
Should I stop drinking milk?
Does H-Mart kimchi have probiotics?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the best foods to enhance your haemoglobin level?
What does 24 kcal mean? What is the difference between kcal and normal calories?
Is it true that some nuts decrease testosterone?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
Doctors tell you to follow a low protein diet for uric acid, but won't that lead to muscle fatigue? Isn't protein essential?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
What is the use of calcium carbide in fruits?
Are nuts/almonds/seeds a good substitute for meat as a protein source, especially if you go to the gym ?
What are discretionary calories and what are some examples?
Is mass gainer or whey protein better for bulking up?
What are the nutrients found in malunggay?
Why is sucrose a non-reducing sugar?
Are there any customs issues at the airport if you buy a protein supplement from America and take it to India?
Which is more unhealthy, bread butter or paratha sabji?
To create a protein, we need 4 protein, so how does the protein come into existence?
Does the diet plan of Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury work?
What is the best way to get protein extracted from the brain?
What is a diet plan for gaining muscle?
Has it been proven that our bodies don't process all the protein & nutrients in hybrid and GMO foods like we do with organic & conventional foods?
Is it necessary to use supplements for bulking? Additionally how much support supplements can provide?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
Has anyone heard of Isotonix Multivitamin?
What is the scope after doing an MSc in food and nutrition?
Is there any coupon code for Ultimate whey protein from HealthKart?
What should a person with Parkinson´s disease eat to slow it down?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
Why do protein shakes taste so bad if heated up?
How can I feed/fuel my muscles with protein without gaining weight?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Is black salt good for health? Can we consume it every day?
Can someone suggest a low-carb Indian diet?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
Is it safe to eat unhealthily for four days straight?
What are recipes of some nutritious and delicious weight gain shakes with around 700-800 calories if possible?
What are the health benefits of urad dal?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
What food with the least calories can make me feel more full?
What will happen if I eat dark chocolates every day?
What’s your daily vitamin regimen include?
Is it healthy to consume 500 grams of chicken every day?
How can I do a diet, if I like chocolate a lot?
How accurate are the calorie counts on packaging and fitness apps, when it comes to food?
Can diabetic patients use jiggery or palm tree sugar in their diet?
Food materials containing fat and oil which are left for a long time changes their taste and smell?
How do I learn to count calories if I eat regular food which don't come with calories written on it?
Why am I always hungry late at night? Does it mean that I should eat later or more to dinner?
What percent of sugar is there in honey? Can a diabetic take honey?
Is banana and milk a good combination?
What is the shiny stuff on certain meats?
What's the particular function of CDP-choline?
What are three vegetarian and non-vegetarian foods that are high in protein?
What are the health benefits of eating Quorn chicken patties?
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
Is it ok to take protein shakes or powder?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
Glucose is a form of sugar. What is the formula of sugar? Why can’t we prove that sugar has carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen as we can with glucose?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
What are the similarities between calories and kilocalories?
Are food-quality crushed hemp seeds safe to eat? Do they produce negative effects?
I've been strugling to find how many calories does 100 grams of cooked basmati rice have? How much carbs does it have?
Can I eat rice with high cholesterol?
Is parma ham healthy or unhealthy?
What information do nutritional labels contain that you can use to make educated choices on your diet?
How do I get full with a high metabolism?
Does it really make a difference what time of day you eat your meals?
How much does it take to start a quality supplement brand in India?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
How are platelets able to release the plasma protein thromboplastin if they do not contain a nucleus?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What is the scientific name of vitamin B?
Out of any nutrients found in mammalian meat, which ones are the most important to psychological function?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
How can I measure the calories found in a turkey neck?
How can I be more fit?
How can I stick to counting calories and not falling off the wagon to eat junk food?
Why are blueberries and blackberries so beneficial to human health?
Can carbohydrate consumption before bed (<~3 hrs before) cause oversleeping?
How can everything on The Cheesecake Factory's menu be so high in calories, with some over 2000 calories per dish?
What protein is essential for the body?
Why are the diets of older adults often lacking in certain nutrients?
What is the importance of taking vitamins and minerals?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
What is the disadvantage of taking normal proteins, like Kabi Pro, Nephro High Protien, Horlix, or Bornvita, daily?
Is eating one time a day harmful?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
How much creatine and glutamine are included in Myprotein Impact isolate whey protein?
How do I stop eating junk food and stop thinking about food?
Why do many American children throw away the vegetables and fruits from their school lunches?
What are the nutritional values found in vegetable shortening?
What's the issue when it's hard to keep liquid and food down when I eat?
What is the difference between the determination of carbohydrate in an environmental sample and in the human body?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
What is the role of iron, calcium, zinc and phosphorus in nutrition?
Why does non-reducing sucrose become a reducing sugar when hydrolysed?
Can one eat a banana as a pre-workout meal combined with whey protein?
Whom should I consult for including a protein supplement in my diet?
What are the similarities between coenzymes and vitamins?
Why do bacteria grow faster in sour milk than fresh milk?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
Does Korean fermented bean paste have probiotics?
Is there any science behind eating or not eating certain food groups at certain times of the day or times of the year?
Will the calories in legumes (e.g 100g lentils) change when sprouted?
What are the benefits of not eating after 7pm?
Is a vitamin D deficiency a scam?
What is a great combination of nutrients or vitamins I can take to protect against DNA-level damage in my cells?
Is there any specific purpose of being a human being aside from eating, sleeping, earning and accumulating wealth to spend it later on basics, health and luxury? If yes, then what is it according to you?
What is the diet for a person whose serum total bilirubin is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
How does Vitamin A supplementation protect children?
What is the nutritional value of curd?
Which Indian food should I eat to gain weight?
Can the Master Cleanse diet ruin my metabolism?
How can I calculate the calories in coffee with cream and sugar?
What is the best and easiest way to make liposomal vitamin C at home?
I want to start eating just bananas for lunch (about 10 per day). Is that healthy? And what will be the effect?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
Is fish meat healthier than white meat?
What are the health benefits of eating wasabi peas?
Is there such thing as taking too many supplements?
Is there a vegetable or fruit (or maybe a vegetable pair) that you could eat indefinitely without suffering major deficiencies?
How do you test food to determine its fat content?
What are the main factors affecting human nutrition?
Does cool temperature increase metabolism?
How can you describe the difference between coenzymes and vitamins?
What is the nutrient values of baby back ribs?
What would be the effects of having one Apple a day in your diet?
Is pollock a good substitute for tilapia or pangasius as a source of whitefish protein?
What if I meet my daily protein intake only through whey protein, eggs and chicken, and work out very intensely? Will this give me good results?
Should I be eating food right now? I woke up at around 8 and hungry but eating at night might not be good.
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
What are some physical and digestive features of herbivores that are influenced by their sources of nutrition?
I am vitamin D deficient and after almost a year taking vitamin D supplementation my blood levels didn't improve. What can I do?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
Is there any side effects of vitamin E capsules on hair?
What are some proofs that USANA is better than all other brands of health supplements?
How long do anti-nutrients like Phytic Acid or Tannins stay in the digestive system after you've ingested them?
Should I buy casein?
What are some examples of extensively hydrolyzed formula brands?
What are the differences between being sugar intolerant and diabetic?
What are the pros and cons of consuming high fiber meats?
Fruit versus fruit juice, is there any difference in terms of nutrients?
What are the health benefits of eating tuber vegetables?
How much does having one cheat day a week affect weight loss?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
Why is whey protein causing hair to fall out?
Do customs duty applies on only protein or on all kinds of supplements?
What should be my diet plan to lose 7kg? Should I consider taking protein drinks if I work out 5 times a week?
How can banana and milk make me fat?
Are Ziploc containers safe for storing food and reheating food?
What will happen if somebody eat food infected with cockroaches?
How do you convert calories to kilocalories?
Is rice a junk food?
Can Vitamin D supplements be given to children?
Will eating egg whites daily increase your cholesterol?
What should be my diet to gain 6 packs?
How can meal replacements be used? Are they effective? Won’t I feel hungry after consuming the same?
What is the bioavailability of a vitamin in food?
Is it possible to get food poisoning from beer that sat open at room temperature for 3 days?
In the East, can one feasibly live on less than $2 per day?
What is a low calorie substitute for cheese?
What are the foods rich in vitamin D?
If lectins are bad in high amounts then do most vegan dieters eventually have gut inflammation, bone, dental, mental & autoimmune issues?
Why do some people even from Indian philosophies or in India, choose to eat food from 'outside' 'homes' by ordering?
What's the proper diet for a 17 year old male?
What do I do if I can't do low carb due to diverticulitis?
What are the long term effects of eating moringa seeds in the morning?
What type of fat does protein contain?
Is it dangerous to drink one glass of wine every night?
What are tigers' nutritional necessities?
How do I develop a healthy meal plan?
In how many days can a vegan develop a B12 deficiency? How long does it take to recover from it?
Should I transition my 2 cats into a raw diet?
What are the heath benefits found in castor sugar?
Could you tell about cases of nutrient deficiency in your life or someone's you know?
What is the link between a healthy diet and a healthy skin?
How do I increase the bioavailability of vinpocetine without exceeding 50 calories of food?
Does the Paleo diet live up to the hype?
How can I measure the calories in Crunchy Nut cornflakes?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
Is the idea of fun amongst youth only limited to having alcohol over junk food whilst blaring music is being played?
Why did Vitamin Water start putting nutrition facts on the bottles?
Does fermenting a vegetable make it carbohydrate-free?
What is a fish and veggie diet?
What are these brown spots and the yellow goop in the duodenum section of the small intestine?
Is it ok to have heavy food while sick?
What are the food items for carbohydrates?
If I have a mild, easily regulated craving for meat, and if I'm deficient in a nutrient, which nutrient might my body be seeking?
What 3 foods, if eaten exclusively, will give your body the best nutrition?
When losing weight, do I look at the sugar, the carbohydrates, or the calories?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Can you survive well on a mostly protein-based diet with no sugar & no fat? How will it affect you over the long term?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
Where can I get whole grain rice in Mumbai?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
Can B12 deficiency cause leg pain?
What is the best source of Vitamin B12 for a vegan?
What are the best fast carbohydrates to include in your diet?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
How can someone differenciate the roles of a registered Dietitian and a Nutritionist?
What are the foods or fruits that can supplement strong sperm in man?
How I get to know what should I eat daily so that I get all essential nutrients in my diet?
Will you gain weight on a diet?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
How do people like Matt Stonie maintain their weight even after eating junk food in huge proportions on a regular basis?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
How could I eat 2600 calories a day?
How can I not work hard on not getting fluffy, aka fat?
What will the American diet look like in the future?
What's the benefit of white coffee?
What are the best examples of tasty food made more healthier in the simplest methods?
In how many days does normal protein reach the muscles?
What advice would you give to a person who has to feast on an expensive buffet the next day? What are any tips and tricks to consume the maximum amount of food?
What health nutrition is found in peanut shells?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
Should I eat my fruits after meals or before meals?
Why is the trend of having a protein-rich diet increased in normal day-to-day life?
Are there any food supplements or foods to help with mental focus that work?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How can I estimate protein concentration in unknown powder?
What are some examples of organic nutrients?
What are the benefits of eating a banana for breakfast?
What are the nutritional facts found in a veggie shish kabob?
What do you mean by metabolism?
How come Koreans eat so much and not gain weight?
What supplements can you take for thalassemia minor?
Is it morally right to drink cow/buffalo milk? I was told that in most cases they are forced to mate with their male counterpart.
Is a sublingual B12 vitamin effective?
How many calories do you burn in 1 km?
What is the best way to boost your metabolism before bed?
What would be the best alternative (with a similar nutritional profile) to cow's milk for someone who suffers from IBS-C and is trying to gain muscle?
Does Faasos provide junk food?
If there are 35 calories per 100 ml in a juice, how many calories are there in 500ml of that same juice?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
Do you have to eat a large quantity of food in a mukbang?
What is BodyKey?
Is it possible to be happy and have higher focusing power without eating good food or by only eating bad food (i.e., only bad carbs) and doing cardio workouts?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking probiotic supplements?
What are the benefits of taking fiber supplements during pregnancy?
Does slow cooking retain vitamins better than fast cooking?
What are the dangers of speeding up your metabolism with pills?
What are the sources to get vitamin D on vegetarian diet?
Is it true that the morning sun gives us vitamin D?
What protein do athletes use?
Which is the best time for taking both whey protein and creatine on the same day?
Can pregnant women drink rose milk?
Can fruits clean up our stomachs? Sometimes when I eat something oily, after that I want to have some fruits.
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
Do recovering anorexics require more calories to gain weight than 'normal' people?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
What is the best food source of Vitamin D?
Is vajrasana beneficial on both full and empty stomach?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
Does lack of Vitamin D result in depression?
Is it advisable to brush more than 2 times a day, if our diet contains sticky food such as butter (in breakfast)?
What are the nutritional benefits found in white lightning sangria?
How many scoops of whey protein to take on a keto diet?
What happens if I don’t eat for a day?
What type of ADR is a haemolytic crisis in a Glucose-6-Phosphate deficiency?
Is salt unhealthy?
How do I do easy carbohydrate counting?
Is VDR Taq dependent on how much Vitamin D you have at the current time or is it the receptor?
What does protein do to our body?
What nutritional value does whole wheat bread provide?
What are the nutritional benefits found in chicken katsu?
Will it be possible to create food artificially from the required things (soil nutrients, sunlight and air) by mixing in right proportion?
Can creatine and whey protein be taken at the same time?
Does B12 prevent dementia? What about with the addition of folic acid?
Does dietary potassium pose a cardiovascular risk?
Why are antioxidants no longer considered so healthy as it was previously thought?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
Do our bodies absorb nutrients better when there is less "junk food" in our system? If so, how?
Why is celery considered a good source of fiber?
Why have I not been able to think clearly, and why has my memory declined?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
Why are avocado and olive oil considered healthy fats?
How do I recover from a severe vitamin D deficiency?
Why does my stomach bloat for 3 to 4 hours after I eat but goes back to normal after I excrete?
Why is Progenex Whey Protein Isolate not sold in India?
Are there food safety issues to using MDM (mechanically deboned meat) of chicken, turkey, or pork in processed meat applications?
Which brand should I choose for a whey protein isolate?
What are the benefits of eating fresh water clams?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
Can anyone help me with swimming diet for pre & post?
What is the double meaning of vitamin C?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
Does whey protein really help in long term?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
Which is the best junk food?
Does your body produce more sugar if you think too much?
What are the health benefits of eating kabocha squash?
Can pregnant women eat potato chips?
Is eating unripe cantaloupe safe?
Can resistance exercise be hypothesized as possible internal protein (or maybe calorie) restriction mimetic?
What are the top foods and intakes for better mental development and function?
What is the scope of the M.Sc. in nutrition science?
What is the formula to find out how much protein to eat for one’s body weight?
Is it possible to create such a food which does not have any calories but is able to satisfy hunger?
Does fruit that is highly flavorful have a higher nutritional content than fruit that has very little flavor?
Is there any food that contains vitamin E or supplements which can help you to get better sleep?
Can I eat, or should I leave, the decoration’s vegetables on my dish at restaurants?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
Why do Indians eat such a high percentage of carbs?
Is baking powder unhealthy or shouldn't I worry?
What are the components in B12?
Is supplementation of vitamin D3 preferred when compared to vitamin D2?
Is taking a multivitamin worth the risks?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
Where do I buy Optimum Nutrition Pro Gainer in Delhi?
What is toned milk?
How can I measure the calories in a roast potato?
What are the similarities between fats and carbohydrates?
Which kingdom has the maximum nutritional diversity?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
How is HDL good cholesterol and how is LDL bad?
Are fully-cooked breakfast sandwiches in cellophane wrap that are warmed up to 200F-225F safe for consumption?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
Do modern human diets lack collagen (gelatin)?
Do potatoes contain Vitamin C?
Should I eat protein while hiking?
Should a 17-year-old follow a ketogenic diet?
How much healthier is pasteurized vegetable juice compared to raw juice?
Which rajma has more protein?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
What are good ways to lower bad cholesterol?
Which is the best college for nutrition in Delhi?
Me and my wife are vegetarians and in middle 30's. We always feel tired and lack of energy What is the best vegetarian diet to improve overall health?
Is it true that you can live quite a long time on a diet of just sugar (energy), water (hydration) and a little protein (to feed muscles)?
Where can I find and read scientific researches about nutrition so I am properly informed?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
What is the best nutrition plan for faster recovery of broken legs?
Does a deficiency of hemoglobin make the body dry, and how can one overcome the deficiency?
They say fiber is good for you. But we know that fiber is not digested by the human body. What's the benefit?
If you are on the Keto diet, can you tell me the success you've had with it?
What are the vitamins found in corn?
What is the good healthy diet routine?
What would happen if I ate half as many calories as optimum every day for 3 years?
What happens when protein powder is mixed with hot milk?
Is there a cracker type product available that uses protein and fat but with no carbohydrate?
Can I take a multi-vitamin supplement (e.g. Revital, NUTRILITE Daily, Riconia G) without consulting a doctor?
Which diet is the perfect diet for longevity and health: veganism, vegeterianism, or omnivorous?
What led to invention of sugar?
Is a ketogenic diet safe for a teenage girl who needs to lose weight fast?
What is the best omega 3 fish oil supplement?
Would a meticulous diet devoid of carbohydrates prevent calculus buildup?
How can I achieve this Keto diet goal?
What are the sources of protein for bodybuilding?
What is the best protein for vegan to grow muscles?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
Do Phenocal diet pills work?
Is fruit ripeness and fruit density correlated?
Is it worth it to blend or eat food in its natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, vitamin, mineral gain and variety) regardless of time?
How do I practice the oatmeal diet?
Why do we plateau when dieting? Is that maybe just the size and shape that is right for us?
What are your reviews/opinions about Acacia Whey Totale (whey protein supplement)?
If 14 men consume 630kg of rice in 18 days, how many men will eat 770kg of rice in 28 days at the same rate?
Can somebody recommend a top-notch dietician/nutritionist in Dubai that can help me lower bad cholesterol levels?
Why is the determination of fat by the Gerber method not so accurate for sterilized milk?
What are healthy alternatives to rusk and biscuits?
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for a month?
When you cook cauliflower and/or broccoli do they lose any nutritional value?
What is your review of Six Pack Nutrition 100% Whey?
Which vitamin is said to be vitamin M?
What is an example of a diet containing every nutrient a human needs?
What are the health benefits of lime cordial?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
Why is there so much apprehension towards raw beets?
Is consumption of whey protein allowed for Olympic players?
What would happen if I only ate chicken, broccoli and brown rice for every meal?
How important is proteins for persons in 70s?
Is grain free cat food better than with grain?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
If someone enjoys eating healthy food, does it mean they don't have sensitive tastes buds?
Why is it that only after I eat something very sweet or very oily I feel full?
Which are some good supplements for skin?
What can you do in the morning to really kickstart your metabolism, and how can you maintain this throughout the day?
Is rice pudding fattening?
Are there any supplements which help in PMS?
Is Amway XS whey protein good or bad?
What are the main risks of vitamin D deficiency?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
Is it good to take protein powder on a regular basis?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
What is the recommended diet (calories) for muscle gain if I am taking creatine 5gm and 100gm of whey protein every day?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
If I leave my protein shake in the freezer, and it freezes, will it lose any of its nutritional value?
Can our body adapt to higher calorie intake without weight gain?
Could I split a Natrol Biotin 10,000 mcg capsule in half to get 5000 mcg only per day, or won't it be effective?
Is soya powder really more healthy than eggs?
I can't seem to stay on any diet. I really feel like I'm just not strong enough to keep up with the change. How can I diet successfully?
What is the normal dosage of omega 3 and biotin capsule and from which site can I buy from?
What is a nutrition epidemiologist, and is this a good career?
Why don't high proteins diets work?
What are the best 5 vitamins / supplements to take for a longer life?
Are you familiar with the FODMAP diet? Can you point me to a website that explains this diet?
What are the health benefits of lime and honey?
What are some tasty, healthy snacks?
A food safety trainer told me that the movement of shaking a bottle of Yakult before drinking will kill the good bacteria in the drink. Really?
Do magnesium malate supplements have an expiration date?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
What is nutritional?
What are the effects of nutrition, inbreeding and hybridization?
How do I apply vitamin C serum?
If my BMR is 1599 and I burn 600 calories a day and eat 1500, will I lose fat?
What are some vegan bodybuilder's protein source?
How do carnivores such as lions get enough nutrients given that they lack a balanced diet since they don't eat vegetables?
Is peanut good for diet?
What is the perfect diet plan for a 19-year-old boy if he wants to increase his weight?
What are the side effects if vitamin B12 is low in the body?
Is the current officially-accepted view of nutrition wrong?
What is the glycemic index of a ripe banana, watermelon, and muskmelon?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
How can I increase my protein intake without relying on supplements?
Does drinking milk over fish cause white patches?
What supplement should I take to give me energy and a godly erection?
Why is a baked chicken diet considered healthy?
What vitamins are important for the retina? What foods can supply those vitamins?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
What foods can you eat with expander?
How can I calculate the calories in 100 grams of rice?
How are a dog’s nutritional needs different from those of a person?
What happens with too much nitrogen in the body?
How can I go for a balanced diet after being in a restricted diet of around 800 calories per day, without gaining back my weight?
How did the people in India drank milk before the discovery of Pasteurisation?
What would happen if I eat maintenance calories on a test cyle?
What is a good bodybuilding program and diet for me?
If industrialized milk is poisonous because of all the toxic things cows are fed, then would the same apply to protein powder made from milk?
If the recommended daily sugar intake is 37.5g, does that mean you can only have two bananas and one apple a day?
Canned sardines’ nutrition labels list only three vitamins and iron. They supposedly contain more. What's the deal?
If foods rich in protein come along with carbs more than protein, then how can I eat more protein than carbs?
What is the best vegetarian diet with eggs for weight loss?
What would happen if you ate a calorie-appropriate amount of pizza every day, with no more than 6 fixed toppings, for the rest of your life?
How many grams is one serving of rice?
What are some healthy snacks that can be consumed at the workplace easily?
Does the Japanese deep breath diet really work?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
How does scaffolding enhance metabolic actitivity?
Can you die from a spice overload?
What are some easy chicken based recipes to get protein?
What are the benefits of eating litchi fruit during pregnancy?
Which food should men avoid?
Is taking protein powder after workout good for health?
What is your favorite kind of leafy vegetable?
What are the best sources of selenium in natural foods?
What is some good food for a student to eat?
What are the bad sides of eating too much seaweed?
What are the dangers of eating mayonnaise during pregnancy?
What should a long jumper eat?
Can you have nerve damage while treating a vitamin B12 deficiency with excess B12 (loading phase)?
I have an allergic reaction to dairy products and high glycemic foods. I don't want to avoid these foods. Where and how can I get treatment?
What is the best Magnesium Supplement to take for better absorption and quality?
How can I build my muscle naturally? Is there a recipe for making protein powder?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
How many calories does the average person living in a 3rd world country eat?
What happens if humans don’t need food to live?
What are the health benefits of eating Nature Valley granola bars?
What do I eat if I want to avoid foods made using chemical processes?
How possible is it to ever design a machine that can live off of foods that humans eat for a constant supply of energy?
How much fat does pizza contain?
Why do elders say not to drink milk at night?
If I eat once a day, what will be the best time to eat?
What are the important Sources of Calcium for Women's Bone Health?
What is Dr. Nazarian’s diet menu plan?
How much protein is there in a single egg white?
How would switching from a high carb diet to a cyclic ketogenic affect one's performance in strongman and powerlifting competitions?
What is a diet plan for reducing weight?
What are the main benefits of hemp protein powder?
Can a person ever completely recover from extreme emaciation?
How much junk food do you consume on a daily basis?
How many hours does a bodybuilder wait to eat from the last meal at night to the first meal at breakfast?
What are the best foods to cure thalassemia minor in adults?
Does mucus have any known nutritional, nap, or digestive benefit?
Has anyone tried Vitamin D supplementation to cure Keratoconus?
What nutritional deficiencies could occur if you only ate chicken, broccoli, rice, and oatmeal?
How can a herbivore have protein in his/her meat while they eat plants?
How can I switch to low-carb diet when all food I know of, has carbs?
What is your favorite kind of green vegetable?
How can I measure the amount of calories in Fruitella?
Which is the best protein or supplement to build muscle and size?
What information can I get about protein supplements?
Is it true that most C and B vitamins are destroyed during cooking?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
What will happen if a person consumes 200g of protein per day for 1 month and his weight is around​ 55-60 kilograms?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
How many grams of sugar per day is okay?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Why is processed ham bad for you?
How is water absorbed in the human body?
Why is rice milk good for babies?
Is it enough to eat overnight soaked 8-10 almonds and 20-25 raisins only in breakfast?
How much time gap is required for eating red meat after drinking a glass of protein shake?
Is there any relationship between GMO foods and increased allergies?
Does soy or wheat contain more lectins?
Of actual foods, which is the most toxic? Why?
Are calories a bad measure for reference; are there better alternatives?
What type of diet should I take to get more muscular mass? And how?
If cats are meat eaters, how do they get their vitamin C, or do they need it?
I have heard that some sugars, such as those in honey, are more healthful than others. What sugars are in honey?
Which mushrooms have the most protein?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
What if we could not convert complex sugar in simple sugars? What will happen?
What is the process of fat consumption? If I workout a lot and take whey along with that, will it burn my stored fat first or the protein which I took?
What is in vitamin G?
Is there any benefit of increased calcium intake for people with osteoporosis?
Is it theoretically feasible to create a full protein out of fauna in the way mammals make milk out of it?
A nutritionist told me weight loss is 98% diet and 2% exercise. Is there truth to the nutritionist's percentages or is it wrong?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What happens if you have too much unsaturated fat?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
Can Sangobion be given together with calcium?
What is tinned milk?
What foods make your legs thicker, and why?
Where is protein digestion accomplished? (AIIMS 1996)
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
What should I eat for breakfast? I'm very fussy about food and therefore deficient in nutrients.
Is eating milk powder injurious to one’s health? Does powdered milk really have oxidised cholesterol in it?
What are the nutritional benefits found in Apple juice and vodka?
I am 22 years old and weigh 59 kg. How can I use whey protein in the best way?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
How accurate is the calorie counter on Apple Watch?
Do women use extra calories when they have their period?
What is the quality of chapati that’s made by a chapati making machine?
What is the meaning of plant and animal nutrition?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
How would a horny pony shake its body?
What are the different types of carbs and in what ratio should I consume them approximately?
When addressing undernourishment, why is it that the amount of calories often prevails over quality?
What are the nutritional benefits of sardines?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
What are the side effects of having 2% of fat in my protein shake?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
Which one is best creatine or whey protein?
Could too much saturated fat make you throw up?
Why am I not losing weight when I'm on a diet of 1,200 calories, eating produce, whole grains, lean protein, etc.?
What does unrefined sugar look like?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
How do I achieve a sustained calorie deficit?
Can I have both whey protein and creatine on the same day? Will it cause any negative/ill effects?
Is protein powder a necessity in working out?
How can you effectively speed up cooking time of vegetables while maintaining or preserving it's nutrients?
Is raw unpasteurized milk the best milk for my family?
Can vitamin C help with abortion at any months?
Is it viable to extract sugar from soya beans, similar to the way sugar is extracted from corn?
Does the average Westerner accumulate red meat in their intestines which they can't pass?
What are some characteristics of the nutrients provided by milk?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
How much protein, carbs, calories, and fiber do I need to gain 1kg per week?
What is "nutritional penury" as it relates to evolution?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
What are some merits and demerits of asparagus?
What is the best diet for a woman suffering from PCOS?
Does mixing egg with milk help to increase a person’s height?
What are some unconventional careers related to nutrition?
How do I stop craving carbs?
Which is rich in protein egg or sprout?
What diet plan/lifestyle should you follow if you have a slow metabolism?
Can you give me a 2000 calories Indian diet plan to increase my weight?
What are the foods to eat for becoming energetic?
What vitamin deficiency do you have if your legs hurt, even while sleeping?
What are some ways to slow down your metabolism and gain weight?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
What are the benefits of urad dal for our skin, hair, and health?
How can I check how much blockage I have in order to check my heart’s status as I daily consume a lot of butter?
How have psychedelics and/or meditation improved your life?
Should I go for protein shake?
Where can I find the best zinc & vitamin D supplements?
In fitness, does the term 'calories' refer to small calories(cal) or large calories (kcal)? For eg, "you must take in 5000 calories per day."
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
What is best diet to improve the body’s metabolism?
Are sugar-free raw chocolates best for your health?
Now that we know there is a "nutritional soup" on Europa and Enceladus, what is the likelihood for life?
What are the healthiest peppers?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
Is night cream with vitamin A worth using?
What's more effective, protein supplements or real food?
How many times can you eat junk food in one month?
Are vitamin A and vitamin E both necessary for the eye’s retina?
What Are The Different types of Protein powder?
How should a basketball player (or any other explosive athlete) prepare for a game nutrition wise?
What are some of the best foods to lose weight?
Does the nutritious value change from roasted almonds to normal almonds?
Can you still build strength on a caloric deficit?
How can you convert fat to calories, and what are some examples?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
What are the best low-carb foods to lose weight?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
In what form of energy does oxygen transforms the food that we eat?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
Can you take pre-workout supplements while on seizure medication?
Why is a tender coconut (coconut water) more expensive than a coconut?
Why can't I lose weight even though I am on a 900 calorie, high-protein diet?
How is 18% body fat different for a 50-year-old and a 31-year-old?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
What're the best methods for men over 50 to boost their metabolism?
What is the best amount of protein for a dog to eat every day?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
What are the health benefits of Kashmiri Kahwa?
What are some foods with iron and zinc?
Can I replace regular daily meals with powdered meals like Joylent, without having health issues in the long term?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Do most people have too much iron, and therefore do not need to supplement with it?
How can I speed up my metabolism when I cannot be active due to multiple chronic illnesses? I am unable to eat much at all, which is part of the problem.
Is avocado toast healthy?
How do you make sugar out of sugar beets?
How are the calories found in dried pasta measured?
What are the best foods to eat while on chemotherapy?
Does chickpeas contain fat?
What are healthy ways to reduce your intake of saturated fat and cholesterol?
What are the best supplements for someone naturally skinny and doing hypertrophy work outs?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
Is excessive added sugar a sign that the food industry is cooperating with the sugar industry to handle the sugar surplus?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
How many days after I change my diet should I get a blood test to see its impact to cholesterol, HDL and LDL?
Should I take whey protein or any other protein supplements?
How many calories are there in a meal of two Idlis and one cup of Sambar?
Is whey protein good for teenagers, and is exercising with weights good for them or not?
Which food helps in getting vascularity?
How do I to burn the carbohydrate?
Is Nestea Zero (sugar-free) healthy?
Where do I find the biggest studies on vitamin D?
How much does a vitamin shop make?
How is the Recommended Daily Allowance (dose) of any mineral decided?
What are the natural supplements I should be taking weekly?
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
What are some strategies to gain weight without eating unhealthy food?
Where can I find a good symptom checker for a study question on nutrition?
Which is a healthier option for a light snack after almost 6 hours of fasting, an apple or a handful of salted peanuts?
Can any body tell me about best nutritionist in Lahore?
Why does a cheese string have so much calories?
Why do some forms of vitamin C cause fatigue and drowsiness?
How many calories should my 12 year old daughter eat per day?
Are there any health consequences caused by drinking a lot of tea?
Does the nutritional value of freshly cooked vegetables like pulse, cabbage, beans, etc., remain the same after 12 hours of refrigeration?
What are the health benefits of truffle oil?
What is a 3-week diet plan?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
Will I notice a difference when taking vitamin supplements?
What are some examples of juices with low sugar?
Why is lemon water/green tea causing me to break out?
I want to eat better, healthier food, but whenever I try, I gag and can't get it down. Is there anything I can do?
Why do we have to waste food by throwing away egg yolks? Aren't eating whole eggs a safe way to gain muscle mass?
Which food contains high vitamin c?
What do you think about the year-long experiment of eating Omega-3 fish that did not change cholesterol for the better but increased mercury levels?
How much kale do you eat per day?
What can I munch in the night after 9 without the fear of gaining calories?
What is healthy food for a boy who goes to the gym?
I spent 1 year taking vitamin D, and my last blood test didn't detect an increase in my D levels. Do supplements work at all?
Which online site sells the original whey protein in India?
How can we check milk’s purity with a lactometer?
What vitamin can you get in carrots?
How many calories are in 1 glass of fruit juice?
Is lactose bad/harmful for infants who are allergic to milk protein?
What fruits should I eat for a kidney infection?
Why did you stop your diet?
What diet should we eat daily to lose weight and live healthy?
Is flaxseed expensive?
Is whey protein a scam?
Should 13 year olds be given vitamins?
To increase overall serotonin production in the body, what food supplements do we need?
How can a naturally skinny person put on some weight?
How many calories a day should I eat if am a 5' 4" female and am too sick and disabled to exercise much?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
Is chewing junk food 32 times beneficial or harmful for our health?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
What vitamins are good for dizziness?
How much skin must be exposed to the sun and for how long to produce appreciable amounts of vitamin D?
How does the Animal Stak supplement compare to the Animal M-Stak supplement?
What foods will give you natural energy and allow you to focus better?
Is there any real science supporting the "gluten prevents the absorption of nutrients"?
Why are sugar substitutes considered bad for you?
What would happen if I go on a protein-shake only diet for a month?
What are the benefits of eating one avocado per day?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding for a complete day?
What kind of disease it is when you can't eat carbohydrates?
Is drinking Boost the same as taking a multi vitamin?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Why do some parents give their children junk food after they refuse a main meal?
How many people's worth of nutrition can be derived per hectare of arable Class 1 soil, developed intelligently and with plentiful water?
If food was priced by its calories, would most of us be healthy or malnourished?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
What kind of recipes won't work if you substitute lactose free milk in place of real milk?
What are the most essential vitamins for optimum wellness?
How do weightlifters afford to eat enough food?
What good food do you recommend I eat to bulk up and gain weight?
Which is the best packed milk in terms of calcium content and other nutrients?
What kind of food should we eat to be healthy?
What is the best way to remove an old leg scar?
Why does the FDA say artificial sweeteners are healthy to eat?
Are pickled beets carbohydrate free?
Why don’t you need magnesium as part of your daily nutrition?
How can one ever make a well informed decision about diet with so many science/anecdote-backed, yet opposing, views (e.g. Dr McDougall v Prof Noakes)?
If water doesn't have any calories, then how does green tea have 2 calories?
Is it okay to eat fried food every day while reducing body fat but keeping track of macros in a calorie deficit?
What foods are high in protein and best to eat to build muscle?
What are the benefits of eating raw carrots every day?
What are the nutritional benefits found in rara chicken?
How do I gain 20 kgs weight being 23 years old and height of 5'11? I'm pure vegan and wouldn't take any animal based food also like milk and eggs.
What is the nutritional value of curd and whey?
Why do we need BCAA during work out to when protein is tertiary source of energy after carbs and fat?
What are the final product of Carbohydrates proteins and fats after their digestion?
Would a glass of pure fruit and/or vegetable juice each day be more beneficial than taking a supplement?
Is drinking milk at 2 o'clock in the daytime in the summer harmful?
What are some medicines that will increase my hunger towards food and of course increase my digestive power?
Is it incorrect if I am taking protein entirely from protein supplements and not from other sources?
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
What nutrients is there in corn?
What is it like to consume any naturally available specific item internally or externally for a long or short time, in order to see the benefits that they give your body?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
What's the best way to increase vitamin D in the body since I am facing a vitamin D deficiency problem?
If you could only eat 10 foods for a well-balanced diet, what would they be?
What is the best daily vitamin brand for a young woman?
How does stopping a diet plan from time to time help in its ongoing success for overall weight loss?
Will I go into starvation mode and stop losing weight on a 1000 per day calorie diet?
What is considered a healthy diet for a 5 lb chihuahua?
What are the main functions of vitamins A, B, C and D in our organism?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
How do you wait in between meals?
Which whey protein is good and original for a decent amount?
How are citrus fruits good for your health?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
Can I eat cold stuff on my period?
Why can't humans meet 100% of their essential fatty acid needs (omega 3 oil) from alpha-linolenic acid (flax oil)?
How can I stop feeling hungry on a liquid diet?
Where can I buy 100% natural multivitamin supplements in India?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in chocolate coins?
How much does it take to start a supplement brand in India?
Why do natural (cooked) meat juices keep more or less indefinitely under a layer of fat in the fridge?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
How can I get fit and strong though skinny and stop eating junk food? I’m 15.
Are starchy foods carcinogenic? Also, is a high carb diet linked to increase of diseases like cancer?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
How can I measure the amount of calories in a Publix rotisserie chicken?
Which protein supplement is best for height?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
Is the sugar from red bean paste healthier than other forms of sugar?
How many nutrients do men lose in one masturbation?
Is it possible to have too much fiber?
Why is it so important to treat yourself when on a diet?
What are the best supplements to gain mass?
Can iron supplements damage the GI tract of a three year old?
Does vitamin C in vegetable soup get destroyed or dissolved into the water?
Will indigestion be cured by eating papaya every day?
What are the effects of an all bean diet?
Are 'extra' carbohydrates stored as saturated or unsaturated fats?
Is 1700 calories a day too little?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
What is the mode of nutrition in animals?
Can anyone send me a detox plan, like a week’s plan of what to eat?
The fitness gyms prefer whey protein for fast-growing muscles. Is it good to use whey protein? If so, then which brand?
How do you know if you eat enough nutrients?
Today I binge ate 4,000 calories of only pastries. Will I catch cancer?
Does IBS have any serious effects on your health? I see some food particles in my bowel movements. Does IBS prevent you from digesting food?
What is the diet of a person whose serum total in bilirubins is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
Can we store boiled rajma in fridge and eat it later will it have same protein?
Is this combination of supplements advisable?
Is it possible to lose weight by eating a low carb intake in the diet but a little more than the limit to avoid going into Keto?
What are the biotin included foods that I should take?
Are the nutrients in compost lost after being burnt?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
Is it good to drink evaporated milk three times daily?
Is it proven that plant-based diets like veganism contribute to strong bones, low disease & so on? Why don't most athletes use plant-based diets?
As regard to diet, what should be a daily intake in order to prevent cardiovascular diseases?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
What are the symptoms of B12 deficiency?
What are 5 ways to stop cheating on your diet?
Can tooth decay be caused by nutrient deficiency?
How do you prepare your lentils before eating them?
Which food is good for health in children?
What is the effect of eating a lot of salt?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
What is the best green drink powder in the market?
What are some good brands of vitamins?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
Is a simple whey protein shake of just whey and almond milk sufficient as a meal replacement for lunch?
How do we digest cow milk?
Is it rude to bring “outside food” into a food place if most of your friends are actually eating there?
Is 2 plums and Cheerios with milk a healthy breakfast?
How do I commit to a diet, when eating and my happiness are so closely linked?
How many Calories (kcal) does the brain need to function properly?
Am I eating too many carbs?
Why do I get food comas after lunch but not after dinner, despite eating the same amount?
Would it be unhealthy to drink 1.5 litres of water at once?
What would happen if we consume whey protein irregularly?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
Why is butter considered bad for you?
Should I choose UIUC, Wisconsin Madison or UC Davis for Food Science and Nutrition?
For vegetarians, is there anything like egg whites that is high in protein and low in fat and carbs?
How long do vitamins stay in the body?
What does the Benjamin Diet look like?
What are the methods to gain weight with whey protein without side effects (vegetarian food)?
What are vitamins and minerals good for?
Is it healthy to eat watermelon?
What is the nutritional value found in Pizza Hut's breadstick?
What food should one eat to repair the damage caused by drinking Coke?
What's the most nutritious diet for avoiding bread and sugar?
How can I find someone who can help make a diet plan for me?
Is whey protein heart healthy?
What are the syllabus, topics, practicals, projects, etc., for a BSc in food and nutrition?
Has anyone ever gone “cold turkey” in order to be completely sugar-free? I want to try and stop the cravings.
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
What are your top 5 in terms of what you look for in a nutritional supplement?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
Which whey protein should I use for gaining muscle and weight? I am from Pune.
Is it good for a lady to take sugary food or drinks?
Should I take Venkys Whey, Venkys Albumen Plus, or Venkys Egg N Whey for fat loss?
How do carbs help us?
What is the healthy alternative to carbonated drinks other than fresh fruit juice?
Why are so many harmful substances allowed in most of America's food and water?
How long will take it me to get used to a lower calorie intake diet?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
Is there a scientific way to detect the presence of buffalo milk in cow’s milk or buffalo milk in goat’s milk? Fat content can be easily manipulated.
Who are some mental health professionals with a strong background in nutrition?
Is there an adult retreat/health and nutrition camp in Romania?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
Which food supplements should everybody take?
What are the health benefits of eating raw meat?
What are the essential amino acids for adults?
Why is the rate of response with parenteral iron not faster than oral?
How do they get fresh meat into dry pet food biscuits?
Are broiler chickens healthy to eat?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
How can I eat healthy on a budget?
If the digestive system filters out waste and what we don't need, then why can't we eat whatever we want?
Do we need to eat protein rich food even when you are taking protein powder?
What are the risks of eating orange foods?
What are the benefits of refreezing defrosted meat?
If we have protein supplements available, why do many still prepare their protein diet?
Is there any side effect of a balanced diet?
Can I allow myself to take Levocetirizine once in three days for severe itching? Is it ok?
Where can I get a perfect schedule of a nutritious diet for low-hemoglobin patients?
Is it OK to be on a keto diet for days and go high on carb 1 day a week (so I can eat my favourite sugary desserts)?
What is the best nutrition for cross country runners?
What are the benefits of substituting brown sugar for white sugar?
What is the “sugar industry”?
What is the cheapest diet plan to gain weight as I am a student?
Will the world ever come to the point where our only real chance for long term survival requires us to live off a staple diet of Soylent Greens?
How can I be sure that the calorie count on my food package is correct? Who is responsible for the accuracy?
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
What is the best time of day to take Miralax?
Is a varied diet better than a limited diet?
What are the nutrition facts about cannolis?
How much can dealers earn with authentic whey protein?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
Is it possible to get to a toxic level of Vitamin D by taking 6000 IU/day?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
Is there a substitute of whey protein?
How can I calculate the calories per scrambled egg?
What should I do to increase the intake of a man's stick in my hole?
What food is low glycemic, and how do I follow a low-glycemic diet to delay type 2 diabetes?
What are monuosaturated fats good for?
What are the benefits of eating prunes?
How fast do you lose weight on 200 calories per day?
How long does a liquid multivitamin take to build up in ones system and take any effect?
Is it worth to leave medicine and start studying nutritional science ?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
? When is the best time to take?
Are the vitamins in cereal more beneficial than pill vitamins?
How many calories should I consume daily to reduce my weight to 78kg to 60 kg?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
Why are some juices, claiming to be "without added sugar" and listing no added ingredients, sweeter than homemade ones?
What are the benefits of eating orange foods?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in a sausage and peppers?
Why are fungi not good in terms of producing protein compared to bacteria?
Do women who are lactating but not breastfeeding still need to eat more calories?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
Can I eat potatoes and get lean?
What advice do experienced vegans have for those who have just started?
Which has more protein - milk or cheese?
When was the dnaA protein discovered?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
How many grams of protein does an average gym goer need per day?
Why is vitamin B12 contraindicated in undiagnosed anaemia?
Buffalo milk contains certain elements for the growth of their offspring. Why do we humans need to consume their milk?
Is the BCAA supplement made up of hair?
What is the potassium content in pineapple juice?
What are the side effects of protein powder without enough physical exercise?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
How much food does a dairy cow eat to produce one gallon of milk?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
Is there another way to track calories besides counting calories?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in a cup of rice?
What is a good and reliable source to measure calories for Indian food on internet for a beginner?
Is overnight refrigerated food healthy to eat?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
Why does taking too much vitamin E cause a stroke?
Is cheese a dairy product?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
How do you know if a product is 99% fat free?
Is saturated fat unhealthy?
What will happen if 2 Keraboost tablets are taken daily instead of one per day?
What are the vegetarian food with plenty of protein?
Which dry fruit is best for daily use in a normal body?
What are the health benefits of using garlic powder?
What are some poor diet habits, and how can one eliminate them?
How can you increase melatonin levels to a safe level through diet?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
What would happen if I only ate boiled egg whites for a month?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
What are the nutritional facts found in vegan croutons?
Is drinking Complan the same as drinking milk?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
What and how should I eat and how do I calculate how many calories I need to decrease?
What's the most compete/nutritious food for humans?
Is peanut butter a good product for building muscles?
Does breastfeeding have nutritional value?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
How should I go about increasing my calorie intake for adding muscle?
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
If you are on a diet but you are craving for that delicious meal, what would you do?
When a medicine says take with food, how much food and what kind of food should I have?
What if I take Albumen powder instead of whey isolate; will it help for fat loss?
Does anything actually speed up metabolic rate or are all the suggestions i.e. Eating spicy food or excessive caffeine just myths?
With hepatitis E, what food can we eat?
How are vitamins determined in a food?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
What are the benefits of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
Who are the five most popular diet and weight control "gurus"?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
What would happen if we consume a lot of sugar?
Is a BSc in food and nutrition theoretical?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
Can I eat a pizza once a month with no worries?
Is the host able to secrete recombinant proteins in the growth medium?
Is eating healthy worth it?
Do bananas contain any calcuim? If so, then how much calcium does each 80g banana contain?
Would a typical breakfast cereal be considered healthy if not for the added sugar?
Why do people prefer to have supplements?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
What can be some healthy options to satisfy sugar craving?
Does daily intake of vitamin C when taken with a shrimp meal cause poisoning?
If I eat a 2000 calorie meal, does my body process if differently than five 400 calorie meals throughout the day?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
What are the risks of refreezing defrosted meat?
What are the best supplements to take for boosting energy?
How do we come off statins permanently and maintain low LDL cholesterol?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding?
What are the health benefits of musk oil?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
What is vitamin C efficacy?
What are the other carbohydrates beside starches?
Is it good not to take dinner for health if someone has slow digestion?
What is a jaggery glycemic index?
What are the most legitimate scientific studies showing that animal protein is detrimental to human health, and a plant-based/vegan diet is superior?
Why is a person who sells juice not healthier than I would expect?
Would lack of Vitamin D increase CO2 storage?
When did we start using sugar?
What over-the-counter herbal products increase metabolism?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
What's the fastest way to increase Vitamin B-12 and D?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in 2 fried eggs?
What material could be used in windows to let UV for vitamin D from the sun be used?
When selling bottled homemade almond milk, should you boil the water used for making the almond milk or should you boil the almond milk ?
What are the health benefits of the South Beach Diet?
Is there any relation between acne and food?
What is the best caloric deficit diet plan and work out plan to gain muscle mass and lose body fat in 6 months (whey protein based diet plan)?
Would eating just sugar make you fat?
Is sodium citrate natural? I only eat things that are natural in foods and my prawns have sodium citrate. Is that a salt?
I went a full day consuming fruits and walnuts. How does my body react to that?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
Why did vegetables and fruits develop such different reproductive strategies?
What is the best healthy eating app?
How healthy are Triscuits?
Do cooked fruits and vegetables have vitamin C?
How much omega-3 is in salmon roe (ikura) and flying fish roe (tobiko)?
What would you prefer, 1 handful of peanuts or BCAA supplements?
What do you eat in your Paleo diet plan?
How can I change my diet to become more androgynous?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
When do I take a whey protein supplement, before a workout or after a workout?
Should a two year old take vitamins?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are some good diet pills similar to OxyElite Pro?
What’s a proper diet for a St. Bernard puppy in the Indian climate?
Is it a bad idea to eat chicken biriyani the day before an exam?
What is the difference between one calorie of fat, protein, and carbs?
Why am I craving ice cream today?
How safe and sufficient are vitamin supplements & fortified foods?
How can low-fat cooking oil make breakfast healthier?
What are the advantages of heat-and-eat meals?
Are sugar and yogurt mixed together healthy?
Should I eat an apple or an egg as a midnight snack?
What is less healthy, not getting enough nutrients or over eating on junk food?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
Why do Indian people eat spicy foods?
What is the proper time to eat yogurt?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
What are the best forms of vitamin and mineral compounds that are most easily absorbed, when taken as a supplement?
Is 3000 skips a day enough to lose weight with a standard diet?
Is the traditional Malayali vegetarian diet protein rich?
What are the health benefits of the sashimi diet?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
Is pasta considered a junk food?
Are there any downsides to BCAA supplements? Which ones are the best?
What's the caseinogen of milk?
What are chocolate strawberries’ nutrition facts?
What is the prevalence of copper deficiency?
If cholesterol (saturated fat) is removed from naughty list, does this mean it's alright to eat high fat foods?
Does abdominal breathing practice after having meal will improve my digestion?
How nutritious is lobster?
I’m sick with walking pneumonia. What natural food can I eat?
How can I measure the calories found in 1 slice of white bread?
Does eating melatonin-rich food have positive effects, or are the effects negligible?
How do vitamins function in our body?
What are the health benefits of eating protein pancakes?
Is it possible that the world may some day come to a point where Soylent Greens becomes the main staple of the human diet?
What are the nutritional facts found in a gluten free carrot soup?
How much water intake does our body needs in Summer?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
What are the cheapest sources of protein?
What vitamin deficiency causes bruising?
Do peanuts contain more protein than an egg?
How can I start eating healthy, stop eating junk food and getting fit as a teenager?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
What percentage of Indians take supplements?
Which diet has the scientific proof to support that it increases life expectancy without illnesses? Is it vegan, moderate meat/dairy, vegetarian?
How can two people eat healthy on a $200 budget?
What are some healthy toppings for porridge?
What medicines should one take if one is not feeling hungry and hasn't eaten a proper meal for days?
Who is an excellent nutritional supplement sales letter writer?
Are kettle cooked chips healthy?
Does the flavor of your protein powder affect how healthful it is?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
Why do meat and seafood have high purine contents?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
What foods make your arms thicker, and why?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
What are the functional properties of foods?
How does gut bacteria influence metabolism?
What are the best apps for keeping a healthy diet?
What should I do to increase the calcium level in my body?
How easily can 3500-4000 calories in 3 meals a day be as a HFHC mostly raw vegan?
What should a healthy diet for children include?
Is eating chapathi better than poori?
If calories out are greater than calories in, then why does my metabolism convert anything I eat to fat when I eat fewer than 1000 calories a day?
For girls, what diet you following that is available and good for your health?
What is the best way to keep calcium deficiency away?
How can I intake more protein without supplements?
If you consume the same amounts of glucose, glycerol, or proteins that yield pyruvate, which food would render the largest amount of ATP?
What are some of the best foods that make your breast grow?
What food and health supplements can lessen the effect of pollen allergy and hay fever?
A food item has 5 grams of fat. Three grams are monounsaturated; 1 is saturated. What is the other 1 gram of fat?
Can taking a testosterone supplement increase your height?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
How does red meat consume change the composition of intestinal bacteria, such that it is more likely to produce TMAO?
Comparing between dietetics, nutrition, and food technology/science, which one is the best for master’s studies?
Apple is considered to be a negative calorie food. So, if someone ate only apples, would he starve to death eventually?
Which is the best vegetarian whey protein?
If a person takes RDA of every mineral from birth, can he still have some mineral deficiency?
What is caloric deficit diet?
What happens when you skip a day in your weight gain diet plan?
What are the yummiest foods that one can eat in a train journey?
What are the healthiest food that we must eat regularly?
How much protein is the right amount?
What Keto Diet apps are available?
Did anyone treat any disease by a mega dose of vitamin C via an IV?
What are the health benefits of eating garlic bulbs?
What does an egg contain?
What are some healthy substitutes for a typical Indian roti meal?
What are the best natural foods to eat daily?
Can beans be your only source of protein?
What happens when you start a "calorie deficit" diet?
Does vitamin and mineral deficiency cause a low grade fever?
Which is the best biotin supplement available in India?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
Is it ok to have a cup of sugar tea on a keto diet?
What can fill my tummy for a whole day if I eat only once a day?
What would happen if a person eats too much spicy food?
Does food sober you up when you're high?
What is the best way to reduce calories from alcohol?
Are BCAAs found in natural foods?
How do I raise my energy level?
What is the best way to remove mercury from a tin of tuna without destroying its nutrients?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
Which whey protein is good for someone who is above 40 years old?
What are the protein powder/health supplement brands you should buy in India?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for 1 month?
What is wrong with drinking skim milk as opposed to full-fat milk?
How can I reduce my intake of sweets?
If there any diet plan for IT girls?
I got a ketone result of 8.0 according to ketostix after 2 days of fasting and one day of high fat moderate protein. Any ideas as to why?
What's the difference between nitrites and nitrates, and why are they bad for you?
Where is the vitamin digested in our body?
How can I measure the amount of calories in one cup of green grapes?
How can I quit refined sugar?
If lentils cause more uric acid in the blood, then how can a vegetarian take dietary protein in the proper amount?
Does eating potatoes on a regular basis affect the joints?
How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?
Can I have a scoop of whey protein outside of my 8 hours eating window for intermittent fasting? As in, if I eat at 3pm to 11pm and work out from 6.30 to 8 am, can I have some of the protein?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
If someone weighs 300 lbs but has been eating healthy and 1300 calories/day for two weeks but hasn't lost weight what could be the reason?
What is the initial diet?
Is stretching important post-workout?
How much fruits should one eat?
What is the metabolic function of vitamin T?
Can you purchase 5000 mg of vitamin D3?
I'm allergic to ascorbic acid (vitamin C). What can I supplement with?
How many calories are in one piece of white Nabulsi cheese?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
What are the health benefits of Parmalat milk?
Are dietary supplements unregulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration?
Why can humans eat different foods all the time but dogs are unable to without getting sick? A scientific explanation would be preferred.
Does India have good protein supplements for common man? If yes, which one?
What happens if intake too little levothyroxine?
Why do some items on corporate menus not have calories listed?
How do I mix omega 3 fish oil with foods without losing its nutrients?
Why does 11β-HSD2 deficiency cause apparent mineralocorticoid excess (effects like mineralocorticoids binding its receptors) but not glucocorticoids?
What is tanned protein?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
What has GM got to offer the world in terms of better nutrition and welfare?
I'm a 20 yrs old male and got some belly fat (on the sides only) out of the blue. Why?
Why should we use mineral water?
What were the first non-human mammals to be milked by humans? What early evidence do we have of milking livestock?
What happens if I eat the required amount of 100% healthy foods and then consume one unhealthy food in a day?
What is the nutritional information of fresh, raw hemp/cannabis leaves?
What is cytosolic calcium?
What is the daily amount of potassium required for an adult? Why do tablets only cover 10% of it?
Does physical digestion occur in the oesophagus?
Which is the best time of the day to eat fruit?
What is the healthiest food we can eat?
Does eating dosa every second day make you gain fat?
Is eating raw rice dangerous?
What foods help to reduce cholesterol?
I eat chicken every day. Is that bad for me?
What kind of diet plan recipes does Dr. Nazar didn't give to his patients for a 1200 calorie?
Which is healthier between sugar, regular honey and dried fruit?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
Can I mix blended almond powder in milk? What benefit will drinking it on a daily basis give me?
What is the average freight cost for companies which are dealing in salted snacks, which are primarily high on volume and low on value?
Is it healthier to replace dairy with meat in Chinese Medicine?
Is a baby food diet healthy for adults?
What are the health benefits of eating too much asparagus?
What are the dangers of eating one avocado per day?
What is a perfectly balanced diet?
What are some examples of heat-and-eat meals?
Which foods have lots of calcium and iron?
Do fresh water sardines have omega 3 fatty acids?
On which basis are vitamins divided into vitamin A, B, C, D, E, and K?
What is the health treat of using palm oil as a replacement of milk fat in food products like ice cream?
What should we eat after workout, except protein shake?
Is the Paleo Diet recommended?
What effect will there be from a high protein diet (150gm protein, 250gm carbs, 40gm fat) on a man who weights 74kg, is 5′8" tall and has 19% body fat?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
What is quantum effect on protein?
What is the normal sugar?
As a pescaterian, should I take vitamins daily?
Why do some people have a high metabolism and some have a slow metabolism? Is the energy turned into heat?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
What will be the growth of the brain health supplements’ market?
How can I get more antioxidants?
What type of proteins are consumed by vegan athletes to stay fit?
Are calories all that matter?
Is eating ice unhealthy?
What are the most effective & natural methods to increase your iron intake on a plant based diet?
In which medium should I take whey protien?
Are protein powders (whey, for example) unhealthy?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
Can I stop taking whey protein?
Is BCAA consumption healthy when I am on a super active lifestyle? I am 25, 5′4′′ in height and 60 kg in weight. Can I take whey protein after a workout?
Will sugar always be bad for you?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
Does Global Impex supply genuine MuscleTech whey?
Do I really need to eat vegetables every day?
How many calories does an apple have?
What food is the most unhealthy?
Is protein powder harmful in the long term if we stop going to the gym?
What would be the average cost of sustaining an adult human being (food, clothing, education, water etc) anywhere on earth ?
What are your stories about the GM diet?
In an effort to make a stubborn person understand, is eating bland and unpleasant food and starving oneself actually not helpful during a diet? Why?
How come I stop feeling hungry after doing HITT routines?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
Is it ok to put a (super) fat full-grown cat on a diet?
Can I eat 1 tablespoon of peanut or almond butter a day and not gain weight?
Are vegan foods and gluten-free opposed to one another?
What diet should I take to get a lean and tight body?
What is the best cereal to eat with less calories?
What is the paleo/Mediterranean diet?
Why is whey isolate too costly in India?
What is the nutrition value of chocolates?
How is the amount of milk that is consumed per day in a certain nation calculated or assumed? What procedures are to be followed?
What is a proper food diet to cure leucoderma?
What is Fact grain (granularity)?
Does a nontoxic, supplemental Vitamin D reach toxicity if it’s supplemented with sunlight?
What are the major roles of protein constructing human body?
Is it okay to skip dinner and drink milk instead?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
What foods should be included in the diet during pregnancy for a healthier baby?
Some say you should eat something when you wake up. Others say drink water, work out then eat. Which is it?
What happens when you have extreme hunger but there is no food to eat?
How can I make a poster on a nutritional disorder?
Can you give me a detailed comparison between fat free, low fat, and full cream products, and which are the best for you, and why?
How are nutrients such as proteins and carbs lost in food?
If you were permitted to eat only one food for the rest of your life or you died, which food would you choose and why?
After how many days of cholecystectomy can I start drinking milk?
Which fruits contain a lot of vitamin A?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
Can a couple shots of whiskey a night or glass of wine really cause weight gain?
What are the top 5 weight loss diets?
They say cooking food in the microwave makes it lose its nutritional value. Will that food help in dieting?
Can calcium oxide be extracted from eggshells?
What are the nutrition facts found in beef tongue?
What nutrients are used in our eyes?
What kind of body plan does a Ctenophora have?
Is it okay to drink a banana shake after keeping it in the fridge for 9 hours?
Does coffee reduce sleep?
What are some famous quotes about nutrition?
How can I stop eating lots of food and stop eating junk food as a teen to lose fat?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
What are the benefits of the sweet woodruff supplement?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
What are some good foods to help gastritis?
What are the benefits of soy protein for weight loss?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
Why is the ideal minimum safe calorie intake limited to 1200 calories?
Is it OK to never count calories?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
How do I not go over 1,000 calories, what should I eat?
Where did our ancestors get vitamin B12 from in a vegan diet?
What are ketogenic foods?
Does consuming less than 1200 calories per day really work for fat loss?
How can I eat raw garlic without burning my mouth?
How can I calculate the calories in cheesecake slice?
What are the nutritional facts found in brown miso?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
How can I measure the calories in triple sec?
If you eat 6 bananas a day, what will happen to your body?
Has anyone tried making protein pancakes out of regular pancake mix and just adding protein powder into it? Is it okay for people who work out?
Is supplement protein good?
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
Why do some protein powders say "not suitable for persons under 16 years"?
Can DHEA supplements cause hair loss?
How can I measure the calories in Marmite?
Which supplements, if any, should be taken with a ketogenic diet?
What destroys protein in food?
What are the best, least expensive solvents for fat soluble vitamins, like vitamin A, D3 and vitamin E oil?
Are food cravings really a symptom of food sensitivity?
How do I find out all consumed foods are digested or not?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
Why do raw cacao nibs have different nutritional value on all different packaging and online?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
Am I going above my daily intake of sugar if eat a mango?
How much food should a sixteen-year-old boy eat?
What happens to my body if I do my workout regularly but don't add calories to my diet?
Can I have a protein shake if I have PCOD?
Are there any studies on the benefits of inactive probiotics?
Can diabetic patients eat protein supplements (powder) including some sugar?
Does breastfeeding have any nutritional value after 9 months?
What are the most dependable and quality supplement brands?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
Why do I feel so ill whenever I try to improve my diet?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
By how much does Omega 3 reduce the common inflammatory markers?
What’s the diet chart for my 4 year old son?
How do you find the best joint supplements in 2017?
What is nutrient flux through an animal?
What's the best 1300 calorie diet plan?
When should we drink milk?
What are the calories in melted butter?
What are the reasons for the increase in cholesterol levels in women?
How much carrot juice do I have to drink, per day, for my skin to become noticeably orange?
Can consuming any types of spices stunt or speed up your weight loss if you have them with your meals, in a calorie deficit?
How do vitamin B9 and C work in foetus development?
What food we should eat to live long life?
Is eating uncooked rice unhealthy?
What foods cause the most gas?
What is the best, most cost-effective whey protein powder available in India? Does Neulife provide authentic whey online?
If protein was an impurity in the sample, how could one remove the protein to purify the sample?
What are the calories in a cup of red grapes?
Where can I get genuine ultimate nutrition products in Nagpur or online?
What are some nutrients to eat to get long nails?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
What is an 8-day diet plan to avoid gas formation in the stomach?
Does drinking milk lessen the chances of getting arthritis?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
Is the sugar found in honey bad for you like how white/brown sugar is?
Is protein necessary for loosing weight? If yes, then which type is better: whey or isolated?
What does a workout diet look like?
I am 15 years old and I weigh 82 pounds. Why am I so skinny? I eat a lot but not too much meat. I eat meat about 3 times a month.
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
What are the effects of regularly eating food that has empty calories?
Do Britannia Marie Lite biscuits contain pork fat?
How can I send clenbuterol powder to a customer safely?
Can I have a 5000 calorie cheat meal every week by following a 1500 calorie diet plan?
Which other dish can replace upma in terms of its nutritive value?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
When laboratories calculate a food's caloric value, is fiber counted as a carbohydrate and is therefore included in the total calories, or is it excluded?
What are the nutrition facts about red wine?
Is chicken liver high in cholesterol?
How many milligrams of omega-3 should I take in a day?
Is milk good for owls?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
Where do you think vegans get their protein from?
What are the most common foods to be allergic to?
Can I buy whey protein with Sodexo meal vouchers online? If yes, what are some pointers?
What's the difference in nutrition between eating grass and lettuce for humans?
How bad is eating 3000 calories worth of nut butter per day for you? (About 3/5 of my total calorie consumption)
Is forcing myself to eat 3 - 5 bowls of rice for lunch to gain weight dangerous for my health?
Can Tums be taken as a calcium supplement?
What supplements help you keep an erection?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
What are the advantages of eating molly fish during pregnancy?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
What is the best diet that worked for you?
Is it safe to take 4 scoops of whey protein per day?
What is the most basic diet you can live on healthily?
Do you eat in the ideal state of digestion, assimilation, & calorie burning?
Which is the best bcaas supplement out there?
Can I lose weight off of a liquid based diet?
Is it a good thing to have only milk and dates for breakfast?
If ketones are a clean fuel for our body, how come not everyone is on the ketogenic diet?
Is rice better for a diet for a diabetic patient?
What is the diet for a typhoid patient with jaundice?
What are some delicious, filling, healthy, but low-calorie foods?
Can unhealthy food make you stupid?
What is the diet plan of those guys who uses the gym at home?
How do I gain weight and what will be my diet?
Which are the best colleges for a BSc in diets and nutrition in India?
What can I do/buy/eat to help quickly digest bread, potatoes, and red meat and avoid bloat?
Why do Democrats find it worthwhile to hurt the soda industry and force downsizing, just because of some people's bad diet choices?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
Does a combination of whey protein and creatine help in weight loss?
What are some signs of an increased metabolism?
Have you used the nutritional therapies pioneered by Dr. William Walsh?
What is the Activia diet?
What is a multidrug resistant protein?
Can I eat as much as I want in Warrior diet?
What are some reasons not go pescatarian or to cut out red meat from your diet?
Can anyone give me an Indian diet of 4000 calories only for muscle gain with supplements? My weight is 50 kg and my height is 5′8″.
How could I prevent becoming depressed before bed?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
How much time is needed to fix B12 deficiency?
Which universities are the best for researching nutrition?
What brand of normal protein (not whey) powder is good?
Do you think the nutritional guidelines for diabetics should be changed to low-carb?
Should I drink lactose free milk for a weight loss diet?
How do vitamin supplements help in preventing wrinkles?
Are dandelions really a superfood? How would you prepare them?
What is the best fruit for all season?
Does the BSc course in food and nutrition require extra hard work?
With the Japanese diet rich in carbohydrates such as rice, noodles, and tubers, how do the diabetics fare?
Should I go into a calorie surplus and then cut?
Are there any supplements out there that are actually worth taking?
If sugar is a light powder, how does it add weight to a person’s body?
Which is the most polarizing food?
How can good nutrition be promoted?
How would my skin be affected if I were to take a megadose of vitamin C?
What happens if you only eat 1000 calories a day, then do a 500 calorie workout everyday as a fourteen year old girl?
What is the scope of choosing a dietician and nutrition course after class 12th?
Is it unhealthy to drink a liter of Pedialyte every day?
What cereals can you find at Whole Foods that have a lot of carbs but very low in sugar/saturated fat?
If you were only allowed to eat 300 calories a day, but can eat anything you want, what would you/should you eat?
What dietary options are available to people who do not wish to eat plants or animals?
Enzymes are synthesised in our body but vitamins are not. Why?
If sugar is said to cause wrinkles, does that mean the sugar in fruit does the same?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
What is the cheapest whey protein powder available in India?
What foods should I eat to help with fatigue?
How do I increase fibre in food?
What are the health benefits of mango seeds?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
How beneficial is Amway Nutrilite protein powder?
What are the best nutrients found in fruits?
Can eating just a small amount of raw egg make you sick?
Does omega-3 cause weight gain?
Is it safe to give calcium/vitamin D supplements to an autistic child?
How can I measure the calories in a 500ml beer?
Why does chemical properties of compounds such as vitamin D make them much more likely to result in toxicity than say another vitamin like vitamin C?
What are the benefits of eating pasteurized cheese?
How do I gain weight at the age of 25?
Why don’t athletes eat sugar?
Is it possible to get all the nutrients you need on a liquid diet without supplements?
What's the best way to inform about fitness and nutrition?
What does “conc. semi crystalline cane juice” mean?
Does brinjal contain fat?
Why is eating a low amount of calories bad, if it’s only done for short periods of time?
How do I lose weight when all my parents buy is fast food?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
How can I measure the calories in a cheese string?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
What's the most efficient way to successfully change poor eating habits and commit to a healthy diet?
Can someone with high cholesterol levels eat scallops?
What are your tips for sticking to a diet?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
Is my non meat based diet plan right for my weight training?
How is a person affected if he drinks water only once in three days for a week?
I’m a skinny guy. Can I take whey protein to build my body along with normal running and playing sports like basketball?
How do I make an egg white omelette?
How can green tea make you lose weight?
How does drinking cold water affect digestion and metabolism?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Does whey protein kill the sex drive or testosterone levels?
How can someone who can't eat legumes, nuts, seeds, grains and some produce (such as avocados & bananas) be vegan, especially if they're an athlete?
Does honey cake contain sugar?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
Where can I buy genuine, great quality vitamin C serum in India online?
What should I eat to get more fat on my body?
What happens if you eat only brown rice for one month?
How can I prepare a low calorie spanakopita?
Why do we eat more?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
Last couple of days I have been depressed. Took 10 grams of vitamin D, now schizophrenia symptoms are back. Why?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
What is omega 3s?
What is the diagnosis of niacin deficiency?
If one uses 100mL of water, how many grams of Vitamin B6 are needed to create a 0.5% solution?
How many calories are in one honeysuckle?
Should my 14-year-old sister take a One A Day supplement daily as she barely eats any vegetables or fish?
If I stop eating junk food and soda altogether, how much does that contribute to weight loss?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is consuming chlorella or spirulina enough to meet the body’s daily protein demand, while gaining muscles for a teenager ?
What are the best foods to eat if you usually have palpitations?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
Can I drink apple cider vinegar daily?
What are the amounts of calories in purple grapes?
Why does refined flour stick in the stomach whereas protein powders or other powders don't?
What are the protein sources for vegetarians?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
Is it okay to give my chickens some whey protein?
How can I stop wasting money on junk food as a teenager?
What are some examples of high fiber meats?
What chemical changes happen with time, in common foods, after being cooked?
Does chicken breast have cholesterol?
How do I stop always thinking of food to lose fat?
Is water fattening?
What will happen when you mix cigratte and milk?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
Does eating Nutella daily cause weight gain?
How does a high carb diet affect your metabolism? I’m considering a caloric surplus to gain some mass.
What are the healthiest food items at IKEA?
What are the nutritional facts found in Macayo's enchilada sauce?
How do I discreetly cut my sugar intake?
What is the nutrition of a fillet steak?
How can one become a full time nutritionist?
Why does our blood pressure rise when we eat too much salt in our diet?
Can I remove the foam in my protein shake milk?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Which type of carbohydrates can be digested only by ruminants but not by humans? Why?
When lean bulking, should I eat more calories or less?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need in a day?
What food is the most filling with least consumption?
What are the best ways for vegetarians to get protein naturally in their diet?
Where do I find information on BSc food nutrition (topics, syllabus, practicals, projects)? Is it a theoretical course?
Can you suggest any modification for my diet chart that has been added to the ‘details’ part?
What are the budgetery protein supplements available in India under ₹1500?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
What's the difference between piloncillo, jaggery and raw sugar?
Is there such a thing as a healthy diet without vegetables?
What sort of nutrients does a girl's body lose during menses?
What kind of food strengthens the immune system?
If I eat too much food in 24hrs so, can I live one week without eating anything?
How do I optimize eating so it's maximally cheap, fast to deal with and it has most of needed nutritients?
Are there any credible sources on healthy diet?
Can children be given supplements of Vitamin D?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
What are some foods rich in magnesium and potassium?
What are the health and nutritional benefits of black matpe beans?
Whey protein is best with milk or water?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
What are the key ingredients of whey protein that make it the best supplement above all?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Rashes have developed between and around my fingers. Which vitamins am I lacking?
Is eating before bed bad for me if I have Crohn's disease?
What is the maximum amount of vitamin D that I can take at once?
What are the nutritional requirements at the time of breastfeeding?
What are the advantages of eating mangoes?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
How do I get fat in a year at least by natural food?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
What are examples of carbohydrate?
What is the best way I can cure vitiligo​ by intaking proper food?
What are some lucrative career option in nutrition?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
After churning out butter from our A2 milk cream, we are able to find some white powder like substance that sediments in the whey left. What is it?
Does B-protein help with loosing fat?
Do you agree that food studies are so contradictory for one to make an informed decision?
What essential nutrients and minerals will you lack, if you eat only gruel/porridge for every meal?
How much muscle do I lose in a calorie deficit?
What do you think about the FODMAP diet?
Is there any college for, food and nutrition around Coimbatore?
What diet can increase calcium?
How can I eat healthier when my family doesn't buy healthy food?
Is it possible to measure vitamin B12 level in the body and what is the normal value?
How do I take 150 g of protein a day with a veg. and non-veg. diet?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
How can I measure the calories in a shot of bourbon?
How can you calculate the carbohydrates in a lemon?
At what point should I start using the nutrients for fruiting while growing hydroponic cucumbers?
Is it possible to get an excess of vitamins by certain foods in the diet? Can we get an excess of vitamin A by having papaya daily or vitamin C by eating an orange?
Can humans survive just from eating dog food?
What is the limiting-nutrient concept? And how do organisms adapt to nutrient limitation?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
Is the 5:2 diet safe for teens?
Why do people change so frequently? One day they are so good to you and the next day they are just the opposite. Is it just as per their needs?
What is the best remedy for too much salt in the diet?
How many calories does a whole pizza loaded with everything on it have?
When bulking do I have to eat healthy?
How does sugar impact atherosclerosis risk independent of weight gain?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
What is a good water to fiber ratio intake?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Which food has all the B vitamins?
Is fury a good supplement?
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
How do I make skimmed milk at home while retaining substantial amount of protein?
What is the process of nutrition in protozoans?
If you can only eat 100 calories a day, what would/should you eat?
Why everybody says excess water (5–6litres) intake decrease sodium levels and unhealthy?
What is healthier, eating onions or onion sprouts?
What's the best way to eliminate 0 calorie soft drinks from your diet?
What is the best way to retain nutrients while reheating food besides a microwave or oven?
Can oral Vitamin D intake (through food or supplements) replace the value of exposure to sunlight?
Can you explain how working out more often leads to better eating?
How much would it hurt if the impact of a single bullet was distributed evenly throughout our body?
Is it safe to take 5000 mcg of Biotin daily? I'm concerned cause it's 1670% of the recommended daily value.
What is the best way to make a protein shake with yogurt?
How do researchers/care-takers determine the ideal diet for a specific animal?
In Bad Gastein, Austria, radon gas is considered healthy, yet we consider it unhealthy in the US. Who's right?
What vitamins are in raw peas?
Is grape juice healthy during pregnancy?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
How can I eat more protein?
Which in water living species would be the best choice for sustainable nutrition source for mankind?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
How has changing your diet changed your life?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
Is an ARC distributor a genuine distributor of ultimate nutrition?
How can I calculate the calories in a chicken shawarma?
How accurate are the nutritional facts on labels in India, e.g. these labels on a Balaji package?
What is the cheapest way of taking protein supplements for weight loss?
How much protein would you need to consume in one sitting, to kill you?
What are foods to eat or everyday habits to do to stop getting a cold or getting ill so frequently?
Which is better: too much salt or too much sugar?
Do whey protein supplements affect your libido?
Which diet method really works? I have info about OCD - Obsessive Corbuzier Diet. What are some reviews of this diet?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
What kind of diet do I need to follow after recovering from Jaundice?
What are the best post-workout meals, excluding whey protein?
How can I calculate the calories in a sliced cucumber?
How can I resist and overcome the temptation for junk food?
What are some human food birds can eat?
If one varied the toppings enough, could one have a nutritionally complete diet made up of only pizza?
What are some random hacks that can make you healthier and happier?
What is ORAC value of food supplements and what is its significance?
What would happen if I didn't eat for 7 days, only water?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
Is it possible that eating gluten at every meal (although not being allergic to it) can give you unbearable stomach pain?
What is the diet that should not be taken when one has chikungunya?
Can I eat dates when bodybuilding? Since they contain a lot of sugar, I’m a little bit confused about whether I should eat them or not.
How can I stop being addicted to junk food?
What is the difference between crude polysaccharide and carbohydrates?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
Can sugar intake increases weight?
Is there a drawback for taking one pill of Vitamin B6/B12 daily forever?
Do egg whites have protein?
Does a healthy diet have a connection with singing?
How can I reduce weight? Can anyone suggest a diet?
Do omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids differentially impact cognition? If so, what is the consensus regarding their influence?
What is the best and most original supplement in India
What is the success rate of the Atkins diet?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
Out of every nutrient humans need, which ones directly sustain psychological health?
Why are there no savoury, low calorie foods?
How much would nutrients and minerals differ with different types of honey (pure, raw) from across the world?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Can I use raw white eggs and milk and a banana-like shaker post-workout?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
How nutritious are crab legs?
Are sugar-free foods really healthy, and do they have fewer calories than sugar?
How much glutathione does the body produce per day?
Which is the best whey protein isolate among the ones listed in the two screenshots attached in the description?
Is www.esnutrition.co.in good to buy supplements from?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
Why is there such a lack of variety in fast food/street food in Western countries? When options do exist, why are they so unhealthy?
Is LPU good for a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
What are the nutritional facts found in a deep fried moon pie?
Where can I get the best protein powder?
Is there a brand of instant hot chocolate that is trans fat partially hydrogenated oil free, low-carb, & costs less than Caffe D'Vita ($0.58/oz)?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
Which degree would be more beneficial if I want to pursue a career dealing with the global nutrition crisis? An MS in human nutrition or an MPH?
I am trying to change my diet for the better. How do I switch to a high veggie diet without going over in carb intake?
Who are Pakistan's top 5 nutrition experts in Lahore?
What is the best supplement stack for me?
How can I best adapt the ketogenic diet to the meals served at my high school?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
What are the calories in Cuban bread?
Are health supplements​ safe for our metabolism, guts and health? Some trainers have told me that​ they are bad. What are the facts?
Is buying supplements on HealthKart safe or not?
What are typical dietary traits of centenarians?
When is the best time to eat a cookie?
How do I break a plateau in a ketogenic diet?
What are some foods I should eat before I work out?
What is dead vitamin?
What are the risks of eating fresh water clams?
What are some reviews about MuscleBlaze High Protein Cereal? They claim that it contains 17 gm protein per 50 gm of cereal. Should I buy it?
How do I get my one year old child to eat vegetables?
Which vitamin is formed by collagen?
Is dietary phosphorus good or bad for bones, and how about phosphoric acid?
What would be a good vegetarian diet plan (excluding supplements) for a beginner in the gym for gaining weight?
Will eating a whole raw steak make me sick?
How can I gain 15 kg of weight in two months?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What is your go-to weekday meal?
How can a diet change affect the correct digestion behavior?
How good is the skin at absorbing nutrients or toxins?
What are the health benefits of eating banana pancakes?
Why are there inadequate answers to why we consume so much?
Does whey protein have probiotics?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
How do I gain weight? I am lean, and I work far away from home. What kind of food can I take with me to the office?
is the quantity of water intake same for all?
Is soy protein harmful to the human body?
Why do so many people accept and enjoy eating proccesed foods that are mostly added chemicals with large sides of fats and sugar?
It is ok to eat high GI food occasionally?
What is the importance of vitamins?
What are some foods containing estrogen and progesterone?
Why should we not eat for 30 minutes before and after taking thyroxine?
If I only have salmon, nuts, eggs, and papaya for my diet, how will my health be after one month?
What are some recipes with low iron foods?
What are the best and worst nuts to eat for overall health?
In the human body, do we get electrical/chemical energy from food, or are we powered electrically by our bodies’ own atoms separate from food?
Why do you add 100 calories in the keto diet, and till when?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
Are there any certain types of food that pregnant women can eat to enhance the beauty of their babies?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
If people want to stop eating junk food, why can't they just not buy it?
How long would you survive just drinking your daily calorie requirement as olive oil?
How can I be determined in my diet?
How can I calculate the calories in custard cream?
How do I stop thinking of junk food always to lose fat?
Why is my stomach swollen, heavy and protruding if I’m not eating anything?
What is the market size of plant based protein in India?
What would happen if I drink milk after lemonade?
What are the nutrition facts per 100 grams of crickets?
If my stomach is stuffed from the previous meal, can I wait until I'm hungry to eat again?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
Hod do you prepare a nutrition broth for an agar plate?
Why do potassium supplements only contain 3% of daily value?
What are some of the best Vitamin B2/riboflavin capsules in the Indian market?
What is a general category of food?
Is a microwaved potato a better source of potassium, vitamin C and other minerals than a banana?
Do I need to take whey protein or low fat milk for muscle build up? Do they work the same way or does whey protein benefit you more?
How helpful is ketogenic chocolate in our everyday diet plan?
Which protein supplements are the best for me if I'm not able to meet my daily protein requirements from a natural diet?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
Is there any sugar free chocolate available in USA?
Is chicken more nutritious than egg?
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
Can I get only boiled diet?
How does fibre reduce the availability of minerals?
What are some of the best natural sources of vitamin B12?
Why can my friends eat more food and I cannot?
A healthy person eats 5g raw sugar, 4g albumin, 10g pure buffalo ghee adulturated with 2g vegetable ghee and 5g lignin. How many calories did he eat?
What is the best diet to get a teenager down to 15 percent body fat?
What is a multi-drug resistant protein?
What is an in-depth explanation of why people say sugar is bad for humans?
Can fresh fruit and vegetable juices & smoothies alone help an anorexic?
Why do dry roasted soybeans have more protein and calories for the same quantity when boiled? (What scientific chemical reaction is taking place?)
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
Why is chocolate Cool Whip so fattening?
Can paneer be a substitute for protein powder?
Is it possible to survive (for long) eating only potatoes?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
How do radicals cause cells to age? How and why are they important for our metabolism?
How can I get enough protein as a vegetarian without repeating foods like tofu, tempeh, milk, and beans?
Where can I buy ON whey protein?
How do I take care of a patient on a low-sodium diet?
Why is chocolate so high in calories?
Can a cholesterol patient eat eggs?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
How can I get hungry quickly?
Why is organic sugar considered better?
What supplements do I take to stimulate my tibia and fibula bones?
Will not consuming non-vegetarian food eventually affect vegans/vegetarians in any positive way or negative way?
How do overnutrition and undernutrition differ?
What is sharon fruit good for?
Are food supplements necessary to actually stay healthy?
How do I stop eating sugar and craving it?
Why do the L-type calcium channels allow small amounts of calcium to pass through them in cardiac myocytes?
Does Garnier oil clear face wash contain animal fat?
Is it good to suck your wife’s breast whether there’s milk or not?
Do people with smaller mouths take longer to eat?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
If super hot temperature can kill bacteria, does cooking also kill all nutrients in the food?
What are the best healthy foods to eat in India?
Do various food products really give the health benefits they say on the label?
What is the most nutritious food to feed to hummingbirds?
As an adult, would it be possible to go back to receiving all nutrients, etc. through your navel?
What are the challenges faced in nutrition domain?
What would my paneer intake be (in terms of protein) if I have 150gm of chicken every day?
Why do I eat so much when I study?
Which vitamin reduces pimples?
What changes did you notice in yourself after cutting down sugar intake?
Does an onion lose its vitamins when it sprouts?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
Is honey healthy?
Is it possible to be allergic to Maryland blue crabs and no other crustaceans or shellfish?
Are there people with awe-inspiring physiques who don't use any supplements whatsoever and consume all their macros purely from their food?
Is it bad to eat excess sugar if you want to be an elite level sprinter?
What should I eat before and during a 4-hour exam for the best result?
What are the benefits of eating kumara?
Why is protein good to lose wieght?
Is there an organism that can convert carbohydrates into protein?
Does smoking cannabis 4 days before a blood test ruin the results? It is a test for vitamin B12, folic acid, glucose, potassium, and calcium.
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
Is going on the Keto diet long-term a safe/good idea?
How are plants different from animals in the mode of nutrition?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
Can drinking milk before bedtime affect one's sexual activity?
What would happen if Portugal were cold and rainy 200 days per year?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
If I want to eat the same thing every day and get all nutrients from vegetarian sources, what should I eat?
Has anyone used Combat Protein Powder? Is there any other product that is better than it?
What improvements do I make to my diet?
How is MyProtein Impact Whey Protein?
What is the official website of ultimate nutrition in India?
Why is that healthy foods are so expensive compared to the rest of the foods?
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
How healthy are Americans?
What are concentrated simple sugars?
Is whey protein harmful for the liver?
What is the cheapest and best way to get whey protein imported from the US?
Why is butter good for you, and what are the side effects?
Is dieting or eating less food required by the body, a good thing?
Why do we need fiber as part of our daily diet?
Can Splenda make you fat by making you hungry?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Why do doctors still cite outdated, Cold War era nutritional guidelines, regarding salt and saturated fat intake, for patients to stay heart healthy?
What should we eat after a workout, except protein powder?
Why is turkey high in protein?
Can we use disodium arsono acetete to fatten up cattle?
Lately, I have not been eating much. For breakfast, I have cereal, and for lunch, I eat as much as a 2-year-old, and that's it for the day. Is that okay?
What vegetarian lunch could I eat every day?
In what molecular form does sodium exist in celery, and how does the body absorb and use that sodium, as compared to ingesting sodium chloride?
What kind of diet will give me clear skin?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What are the health benefits of eating oranges while pregnant?
What food did you eat that made you throw up?
Why is cholesterol important?
What foods can I eat to help heal my mouth ulcers?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
How do different foods make you feel, a few minutes after you finish eating?
What is the best diet eating only cucumber?
Why are certain pills supposed to be taken before a meal?
What is the importance of fats in our body?
How do you calculate calories in a prawn?
Is it healthier to sweeten milk with honey instead of refined sugar?
What is the good time to eat black gram?
How can I measure the calories in a small pita bread?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
I am giving my ringneck parrot milk and curd and cashew as a main food daily. Is it harmful for him?
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
What is it like to eat Lutefisk, Hongeo-hoe, Surstromming, Hákarl or other smelly fish?
How does the body work (all about food and energy)?
What kind of foods do Americans usually eat?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
Does decreasing the carbs in a vegan diet mean reducing one’s intake of chapatis, rotis, or rice?
Does junk food cause cancer?
How can I measure the calories in Lay's chips?
What will happen when we drink pocket milk directly?
Does taking vitamin/mineral supplements negate any benefits (water) fasting might give?
What are some reasons people drink meal replacement drinks?
Can we use egg shells in place of calcium tablets?
How many eggs in a day is too much?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
Why does my stomach expand so much even if I eat something small like one banana?
I’m switching from 500 calories a day to 1,200 calories and gaining weight. What should I do to get my body back to normal?
Do I still need to add fat to my diet if I eat foods naturally high in fat?
Do milk and garlic heal stomach wounds?
How do I measure my daily consumption of calories without any instrument? Are there any standard estimations that will give me a rough idea of my calorie intake?
Can I reasonably assume that drinking vegetable juice every day will at the very least not be harmful and will provide at least some health benefits?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
What is the difference between "light" meat and regular meat?
Are there any health risks to eating only from nine to five?
What are some healthy microwavable foods for a school lunch?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
Which fruit or vegetable juice has the most nutritional value, least sugar and no added preservatives?
Does green peas contain vitamin D?
Is it ok to mix collagen powder and protein powder in one shaker bottle or it would be better to separate the two?
What supplements (aside from whey and creatine) are best for a highschooler who needs to pile on healthy weight?
What are egg whites good for?
Why does sugar intake interfere with dopamine production (or rather absorption?)?
How do I improve the levels of Vitamin D and calcium with Indian food habits?
Why do health specialists demonize orange juice, when its sugar is naturally-occuring?
If I have powder sample without any information about it and I want to estimate the total protein containing in it , is there any way to do that?
What's a good preworkout snack?
What are the health benefits found in Domino's pepperoni pizza?
What are the pros and cons of drinking a litre of water in a 2 hour window and sipping that same volume throughout the day?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
Is eating ice dangerous for my health?
What three meals will provide, in one day, 100% of the recommended amount of every essential nutrient?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
How we can find the nutrition efficiency of food given to animals?
Which is the best protein for someone who is 18 years old (and older) so that they can get some fat, too, with the protein?
What does academic evidence say about the effectiveness of vitamin supplements?
Which is the most nutritious, cow, buffalo, goat or camel milk?
What are the grams in a cup of sugar?
Does the amount of sugar you consume add up weekly or daily?
Should you eat before bed?
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
How nutritious is seaweed or some of its relatives?
Which nutrients is an Indian lacto-vegetarian diet most likely to lack?
What can we do to identify fake Optimum Nutrition 10lbs packs?
What is the no bread diet?
Does Indian gooseberry contain protein?
In a summer in Delhi, what type of foods with full proteins are good for your health?
Which nutrien has more energy and why?
If we raised prices on fatty foods and lowered prices on healthy food, would Americans be healthier?
What ways are there to intake a lot of insulin?
What will happen if I drink beet juice daily?
Is it advisable to take becelac fortz for a vitamin supplement? Will it have any side-effects?
Do Chinese people care about the glycemic index when making healthy food choices?
What are the healthy foods to eat in India?
What nutrients am I missing if I don't eat peanuts?
How are the results of Amway Nutrilite?
Isn't there too much sugar in many food products?
Why do supermarkets sell carrots with and without green leaves on top?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
How long would it take me to pass out if I only eat 200–300 calories a day?
What are good vitamin supplements you recommend (and why) for middle aged men?
What is the difference between whey protein and milk protein?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
What are the benefits of eating egg whites?
What kinds of food are high in lipids, and why?
Which vitamins, minerals and chemicals don't require active transport to be absorbed?
What’s the best treatment for loss of appetite?
What is a diet plan (vegetarian) for losing 12 kgs of weight, if I want to consume 1,200 calories daily?
Is consuming curd with sugar good to postpone periods?
Can you have an intolerance to only milk and not milk products (and only to cold milk and not milk that has been heated up)?
How good is a master’s in hospitality from California State University?
How can environment increase height or intelligence if no one in our ancestral history had an optimal environment?
What nutrients are required before pregnancy for a smart baby?
Which vitamin is associated with carbohydrate metabolism?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
Do spices contain nutrients?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
What natural foods, other than milk, can I consume to strengthen my bones?
What are the effects of sedatives, narcotics and hallucinogens on your metabolism?
Why does sugar taste bad after being sugar free for a few months?
Are there studies on the nutritional value of exclusively polystyrene foam consuming mealworms for further use in food supply?
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
How can I calculate the calories in pecan halves?
Where are excess carbohydrates stored in the body?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy?
How do apes develop muscles without consuming proteins?
Why does eating junk food cause acne?
What are the health benefits of eating Apple sauce?
Can I leave my peanut butter protein shake (milk, bananas & peanut butter; no protein powder) in the fridge overnight to drink it the next morning?
Is it worth to take over the counter calcium supplement. I've taken vitamins and stuff in the past but never seem to feel a difference. I'm 38 female?
What is the best food to have before pregnancy?
What are the health benefits of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Is lactase considered to be a protein?
How is beta-carotene converted into Vitamin A?
What foods would you eat if you were never allowed to brush or floss?
What vegetables have the highest amount of protein?
Why do they put so much fat and sugar in fast food?
Why do steel cut oats boil so much faster than regular oats?
Why does it seem like most "accepted" studies are lobbied, especially in the nutritional, medical, historical, scientific & environmental fields?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
Which one is best whey protien in india?
Mechanically, how are cereals fortified with vitamin D?
Which type of eating habit (vegan, omnivorous, occasionally eat meat, etc) is proven healthiest (low disease rate, long life expectancy) for humans?
What are muscle-growing foods?
What are the differences between protein powders and protein contained in food?
Does a dietitian and a nutritionist also have a NEET exam?
Why does a cheesecake slice have so many calories?
Is the nutritional value in organic chicken the same as that of artificial chicken?
What is the best nutritional regimen (food, herbs, supplements, etc.) to heal Tourette syndrome and soothe an overactive nervous system?
What are some of the health benefits of not being a vegetarian?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
Do all kimchi have probiotics?
What's the right proportion of vegetables and fruits at each meal?
What are the nutritional facts found in the various types of nuts?
Do we have to eat every 2-4 hours or only when we feel hungry?
How many days after can I see the results of whey protein?
What are some of the main functions of minerals and vitamins?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
What happens if you don’t eat for 3 weeks?
Why do people think that they still get nutrition from their food like we did in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s?
How did ancient Indian Lacto vegetarians got Zinc and Omega 3 naturally?
What should be the diet for hypothyroidism​ and hyperthyroidism​ along with their guidelines​?
Is milk powder also a good source of protein like milk?
Does being full mean that I exceeded the max calories my body needed for the day?
Just how different are lecithins from lectins?
When I am lean bulking, can I eat junk food?
How many calories do I need per day to gain 10 pounds of muscle?
Is there any correlation that indicates that vitamins help make you taller?
How many calories are required for a student in a day?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
Are there any foods that help prevent aging?
Would humans evolve to absorb nutrition from junk food?
Are vegans correct when they say science proves that whole food based vegan diet is proven to be the healthiest & superior diet, or is it propaganda?
A hypocalcemia patient has a 7.2 ionized calcium level. Why?
Why am I thin no matter how much I eat?
Which is the most healthiest and nutritious dog food?
How will it affect my health if I eat 3 bananas a day?
How is robustness measured in metabolism?
Is there a fruit or vegetable that requires more calories to digest than calories it actually contains?
How many animal nutrition factories does Cargill have in China and Vietnam?
Are calories a viable measure?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
How effective are feminizing supplements?
How do I find a good health and nutrition coach?
How can I measure the calories in miniature Snickers?
Is the pasteurization of milk the same as the processing of milk?
Are there any studies on the possibility of parasites mutating according to what it may ingest? You are what you eat, so to speak.
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Is Muscle House a genuine importer of Ultimate Nutrition products?
Which one is good for health, hot milk or cold milk? Why?
Can adults eat Cerelac?
Why is lunch meat considered bad for you?
What does living off your fat do to you?
How many calories should we take before starting a 24 hour fast?
Are foods with carbs man made?
What kind of light produces vitamin C?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
How can I increase absorption of vitamin tablets and supplements that I take daily?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
Can you re-freeze (after microwaving), w/o issue, frozen vegetables?
What is the best diet for housewives?
What is the best diet for Osteopenia?
How much protein and fat should I eat to build and repair my muscles, as I started working out for one hour a day last week?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
What can be the most trending topic on a term paper for food sciences and nutrition management?
Are sugar free and sugar reduced foods any better for you?
Can you tell me details of the food items that are rich in particular vitamins, the diseases caused by the deficiency of those vitamins, and the symptoms of those diseases?
Does Dr Gundry's diet as explained in his recent book "The Plant Paradox" work?
Will egg whites help in getting B12?
What basic foods can a skinny person eat to add a little flesh in 3 weeks?
Do nutritionists and dietitians live longer than average lives?
If there was the same amount of protein in 10 gallons of milk and a week’s worth of a variety of food, would it make a difference what I ingested?
Is Trevo really the best food supplement?
Can we become a food scientist if we have studied a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
Are soaked and peeled almonds really beneficial for health or is it just a myth?
How many calories should a man burn per day?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
Does apple cider vinegar decrease bone density in women?
What are healthy foods for those with Crohn's?
What healthy food can 2 people buy for about 100$ which they can both eat every day for 2-3 weeks in Canada?
What is the impact of Gold Standard whey protein on your sexual life?
How can adults obtain the essential amino acids?
What are the (UK) legal implications of writing about nutrition, supplements, and OTC meds about health online?
What vegan diet books do you highly recommend?
If a child is brought up on processed foods, including junk food, and nothing else, what would their health be like in their adult years?
Does by eating supari our intelligency gets dull?
Why do people think vitamin D can help with depression?
Can I use meal replacements? Are they reliable?
Which one is better and has no harmful side effects, whey protein or creatine?
What are the organisms that take nutrients from dead and decaying matter?
What are your favorite bulk herb and supplement providers?
Is vitamin B12 level of 149 pg/mL low? What are the side effects of such levels?
Why is milk known as the complete food even when it lacks iron, copper and vitamin C?
What type of foods should I take to increase the size of my testis?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
Do you eat until you feel full or do you eat until you don't feel hungry?
What is a good, simple daily health habit that has strongly improved your health?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Why is Muscle Milk considered a good protein shake?
Does isolate whey protein powder harm the kidneys and the liver? What is the maximum intake per day for a bodybuilder?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
Why does a small pita bread have so much calories?
What are the steps to make your metabolism work fast?
What are the nutrition facts about cheddar?
How do you choose what to eat that is healthy?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
How do I incorporate Moringa powder in my daily food?
Will you gain weight if you eat unhealty for 1 week?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Is nausea a symptom of iron deficiency?
Why do doctors advise us not to give animal milk to children?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for meetings?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
Why can’t Indian judges and corrupt politicians eat processed food tatti instead of normal food?
Is it healthier to pan fry food with extra virgin olive oil or butter?
Is soy milk unhealthy?
Does tuberous sclerosis provoke a deficiency in any particular bodily vitamin?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
Does the sun provide vitamin D to us?
An iridologist told me I need to exclude gluten and dairy from my diet completely and immediately. I'm skeptical. What would you suggest?
Why do we consume curd with sugar?
Do we need to consume calcium daily?
Can a food expert (nutritionist, doctor, etc.) explain why adding cream to hot green tea diminishes the nutritional value?
What are the health benefits of eating imitation crab meat?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
Why is it necessary to include flax seeds in your diet?
What should we eat for a balanced diet?
Does drinking fluids still count as eating if the drinks are deficient of any nutrition and you eat nothing besides?
What are the top five foods one should eat during pregnancy in order to care for the baby?
Why is it important to always take your supplements even when you are not going to the gym?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
How many animal nutrition factory cargill has on China?
What is a good reason that vending machines should be banned from schools?
What should I eat in the morning? I am an Indian.
Will the instant oat nutrition be different if I eat it without cooking it?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What does saponification do to fat?
Is it fine to take 25,000 IU of vitamin A every day?
What is the best food to eat after sex?
Should I stop drinking milk?
Does H-Mart kimchi have probiotics?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the best foods to enhance your haemoglobin level?
What does 24 kcal mean? What is the difference between kcal and normal calories?
Is it true that some nuts decrease testosterone?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
Doctors tell you to follow a low protein diet for uric acid, but won't that lead to muscle fatigue? Isn't protein essential?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
What is the use of calcium carbide in fruits?
Are nuts/almonds/seeds a good substitute for meat as a protein source, especially if you go to the gym ?
What are discretionary calories and what are some examples?
Is mass gainer or whey protein better for bulking up?
What are the nutrients found in malunggay?
Why is sucrose a non-reducing sugar?
Are there any customs issues at the airport if you buy a protein supplement from America and take it to India?
Which is more unhealthy, bread butter or paratha sabji?
To create a protein, we need 4 protein, so how does the protein come into existence?
Does the diet plan of Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury work?
What is the best way to get protein extracted from the brain?
What are healthy fruits that have vitamin D?
What is a diet plan for gaining muscle?
Has it been proven that our bodies don't process all the protein & nutrients in hybrid and GMO foods like we do with organic & conventional foods?
Is it necessary to use supplements for bulking? Additionally how much support supplements can provide?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
Where do you buy authentic protein powder in India?
Has anyone heard of Isotonix Multivitamin?
What is the scope after doing an MSc in food and nutrition?
Is there any coupon code for Ultimate whey protein from HealthKart?
What should a person with Parkinson´s disease eat to slow it down?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
Why do protein shakes taste so bad if heated up?
How can I feed/fuel my muscles with protein without gaining weight?
Should I take egg albumen protein for fat loss?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Can someone suggest a low-carb Indian diet?
Is black salt good for health? Can we consume it every day?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
Is it safe to eat unhealthily for four days straight?
What are recipes of some nutritious and delicious weight gain shakes with around 700-800 calories if possible?
What are the health benefits of urad dal?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
What food with the least calories can make me feel more full?
What will happen if I eat dark chocolates every day?
Can you really eat unlimited pasta on the Slimming World diet?
What’s your daily vitamin regimen include?
Is it healthy to consume 500 grams of chicken every day?
How can I do a diet, if I like chocolate a lot?
How accurate are the calorie counts on packaging and fitness apps, when it comes to food?
Can diabetic patients use jiggery or palm tree sugar in their diet?
Food materials containing fat and oil which are left for a long time changes their taste and smell?
How do I learn to count calories if I eat regular food which don't come with calories written on it?
Why am I always hungry late at night? Does it mean that I should eat later or more to dinner?
What percent of sugar is there in honey? Can a diabetic take honey?
Is banana and milk a good combination?
What is the shiny stuff on certain meats?
What's the particular function of CDP-choline?
What are three vegetarian and non-vegetarian foods that are high in protein?
What are the health benefits of eating Quorn chicken patties?
Why is diet soda so fattening?
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
Is it ok to take protein shakes or powder?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
What are the worst foods for skin?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
What are the similarities between calories and kilocalories?
Glucose is a form of sugar. What is the formula of sugar? Why can’t we prove that sugar has carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen as we can with glucose?
Are food-quality crushed hemp seeds safe to eat? Do they produce negative effects?
I've been strugling to find how many calories does 100 grams of cooked basmati rice have? How much carbs does it have?
Can I eat rice with high cholesterol?
Is parma ham healthy or unhealthy?
What information do nutritional labels contain that you can use to make educated choices on your diet?
How do I get full with a high metabolism?
Does it really make a difference what time of day you eat your meals?
How much does it take to start a quality supplement brand in India?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
How are platelets able to release the plasma protein thromboplastin if they do not contain a nucleus?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What is the scientific name of vitamin B?
What are the highest vegan protein sources?
Out of any nutrients found in mammalian meat, which ones are the most important to psychological function?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
How can I measure the calories found in a turkey neck?
How can I be more fit?
How can I stick to counting calories and not falling off the wagon to eat junk food?
Why are blueberries and blackberries so beneficial to human health?
What benefits do we get from vitamins A, B, C and D?
Can carbohydrate consumption before bed (<~3 hrs before) cause oversleeping?
How can everything on The Cheesecake Factory's menu be so high in calories, with some over 2000 calories per dish?
What protein is essential for the body?
Why are the diets of older adults often lacking in certain nutrients?
What is the importance of taking vitamins and minerals?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
What is the disadvantage of taking normal proteins, like Kabi Pro, Nephro High Protien, Horlix, or Bornvita, daily?
Is eating one time a day harmful?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
How much creatine and glutamine are included in Myprotein Impact isolate whey protein?
How do I stop eating junk food and stop thinking about food?
Why do many American children throw away the vegetables and fruits from their school lunches?
How is a green apple good to eat?
What are the nutritional values found in vegetable shortening?
What's the issue when it's hard to keep liquid and food down when I eat?
What is the difference between the determination of carbohydrate in an environmental sample and in the human body?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
What is the role of iron, calcium, zinc and phosphorus in nutrition?
Why does non-reducing sucrose become a reducing sugar when hydrolysed?
Can one eat a banana as a pre-workout meal combined with whey protein?
Whom should I consult for including a protein supplement in my diet?
What are the similarities between coenzymes and vitamins?
Why do bacteria grow faster in sour milk than fresh milk?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
Does Korean fermented bean paste have probiotics?
Is there any science behind eating or not eating certain food groups at certain times of the day or times of the year?
Will the calories in legumes (e.g 100g lentils) change when sprouted?
What are the benefits of not eating after 7pm?
Is a vitamin D deficiency a scam?
What is a great combination of nutrients or vitamins I can take to protect against DNA-level damage in my cells?
Is there any specific purpose of being a human being aside from eating, sleeping, earning and accumulating wealth to spend it later on basics, health and luxury? If yes, then what is it according to you?
What is the diet for a person whose serum total bilirubin is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
How does Vitamin A supplementation protect children?
What is the nutritional value of curd?
Which Indian food should I eat to gain weight?
Can the Master Cleanse diet ruin my metabolism?
How can I calculate the calories in coffee with cream and sugar?
What is the best and easiest way to make liposomal vitamin C at home?
I want to start eating just bananas for lunch (about 10 per day). Is that healthy? And what will be the effect?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
Is fish meat healthier than white meat?
What are the health benefits of eating wasabi peas?
What is the ideal diet for a person with no stomach?
Is there such thing as taking too many supplements?
Is there a vegetable or fruit (or maybe a vegetable pair) that you could eat indefinitely without suffering major deficiencies?
What vitamins are in Bovril?
How do you test food to determine its fat content?
What are the main factors affecting human nutrition?
Does cool temperature increase metabolism?
How can you describe the difference between coenzymes and vitamins?
What is the nutrient values of baby back ribs?
What would be the effects of having one Apple a day in your diet?
Is pollock a good substitute for tilapia or pangasius as a source of whitefish protein?
Did Terry Wahls have a gluten and milk allergy, hence milk and grains were removed from her diet?
What if I meet my daily protein intake only through whey protein, eggs and chicken, and work out very intensely? Will this give me good results?
Should I be eating food right now? I woke up at around 8 and hungry but eating at night might not be good.
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
I am vitamin D deficient and after almost a year taking vitamin D supplementation my blood levels didn't improve. What can I do?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
What are some proofs that USANA is better than all other brands of health supplements?
How long do anti-nutrients like Phytic Acid or Tannins stay in the digestive system after you've ingested them?
Should I buy casein?
What are some examples of extensively hydrolyzed formula brands?
What are the differences between being sugar intolerant and diabetic?
Should I only cut my calories or eat healthy as well?
Fruit versus fruit juice, is there any difference in terms of nutrients?
Is a vitamin D3 test the same as a Vitamin D total test?
What are the health benefits of eating tuber vegetables?
How much does having one cheat day a week affect weight loss?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
Can I give my 11 month old son 1% low fat milk?
What should we add to low fat cow’s milk in order for it to appear to have a higher fat content than it really does, if it’s checked via a centrifugal machine?
Why is whey protein causing hair to fall out?
Do customs duty applies on only protein or on all kinds of supplements?
What should be my diet plan to lose 7kg? Should I consider taking protein drinks if I work out 5 times a week?
How can banana and milk make me fat?
Are Ziploc containers safe for storing food and reheating food?
Does it become harder to lose weight each time you cut?
What will happen if somebody eat food infected with cockroaches?
How do you convert calories to kilocalories?
Is rice a junk food?
Which country has the most healthy people and what type of diet and fitness activities do the majority have?
Can Vitamin D supplements be given to children?
Will eating egg whites daily increase your cholesterol?
What should be my diet to gain 6 packs?
We have so many supplements on the market to improve health. Why can't proteins come in pill form?
How can meal replacements be used? Are they effective? Won’t I feel hungry after consuming the same?
What is the bioavailability of a vitamin in food?
Is it possible to get food poisoning from beer that sat open at room temperature for 3 days?
In the East, can one feasibly live on less than $2 per day?
What is a low calorie substitute for cheese?
What are the foods rich in vitamin D?
If lectins are bad in high amounts then do most vegan dieters eventually have gut inflammation, bone, dental, mental & autoimmune issues?
Why do some people even from Indian philosophies or in India, choose to eat food from 'outside' 'homes' by ordering?
What's the proper diet for a 17 year old male?
What do I do if I can't do low carb due to diverticulitis?
What are the long term effects of eating moringa seeds in the morning?
What type of fat does protein contain?
Is it dangerous to drink one glass of wine every night?
How do I develop a healthy meal plan?
In how many days can a vegan develop a B12 deficiency? How long does it take to recover from it?
Should I transition my 2 cats into a raw diet?
What are the heath benefits found in castor sugar?
Could you tell about cases of nutrient deficiency in your life or someone's you know?
What is the link between a healthy diet and a healthy skin?
Is it possible to survive eating only takis for a month?
How do I increase the bioavailability of vinpocetine without exceeding 50 calories of food?
How do I increase my metabolism?
Does the Paleo diet live up to the hype?
How can I measure the calories in Crunchy Nut cornflakes?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
Is the idea of fun amongst youth only limited to having alcohol over junk food whilst blaring music is being played?
Why did Vitamin Water start putting nutrition facts on the bottles?
Does fermenting a vegetable make it carbohydrate-free?
What is a fish and veggie diet?
What are these brown spots and the yellow goop in the duodenum section of the small intestine?
Is it ok to have heavy food while sick?
What are the food items for carbohydrates?
How much porridge should we eat daily?
What 3 foods, if eaten exclusively, will give your body the best nutrition?
When losing weight, do I look at the sugar, the carbohydrates, or the calories?
What types of food can I eat when I have gastritis? What would it make better?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Can you survive well on a mostly protein-based diet with no sugar & no fat? How will it affect you over the long term?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
Where can I get whole grain rice in Mumbai?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
Can B12 deficiency cause leg pain?
What is the best source of Vitamin B12 for a vegan?
What are the best fast carbohydrates to include in your diet?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
How can someone differenciate the roles of a registered Dietitian and a Nutritionist?
What are the foods or fruits that can supplement strong sperm in man?
How I get to know what should I eat daily so that I get all essential nutrients in my diet?
Will you gain weight on a diet?
Why does most of the food products contains more carbohydrates?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
How do people like Matt Stonie maintain their weight even after eating junk food in huge proportions on a regular basis?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
How could I eat 2600 calories a day?
How can I not work hard on not getting fluffy, aka fat?
How much bleach should I consume daily?
What will the American diet look like in the future?
Will my body still digest leafy vegetables if made into a shake?
What are the best examples of tasty food made more healthier in the simplest methods?
In how many days does normal protein reach the muscles?
What advice would you give to a person who has to feast on an expensive buffet the next day? What are any tips and tricks to consume the maximum amount of food?
What health nutrition is found in peanut shells?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
Should I eat my fruits after meals or before meals?
Why is the trend of having a protein-rich diet increased in normal day-to-day life?
Are there any food supplements or foods to help with mental focus that work?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How can I estimate protein concentration in unknown powder?
What are some examples of organic nutrients?
Is ham an unhealthy food?
What are the benefits of eating a banana for breakfast?
What are the nutritional facts found in a veggie shish kabob?
How come Koreans eat so much and not gain weight?
What supplements can you take for thalassemia minor?
Has nutrition science proven that antinutrients significantly prevent the vitamins of beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds from being absorbed?
Is it morally right to drink cow/buffalo milk? I was told that in most cases they are forced to mate with their male counterpart.
Is a sublingual B12 vitamin effective?
How many calories do you burn in 1 km?
Can I mix 10 - 15 grams of pure soy protein isolate (90%) and 10 - 15 grams of pure protein hydrolysate (75 - 80%) in cold water, and take it after a workout?
What would be the best alternative (with a similar nutritional profile) to cow's milk for someone who suffers from IBS-C and is trying to gain muscle?
Does Faasos provide junk food?
If there are 35 calories per 100 ml in a juice, how many calories are there in 500ml of that same juice?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
Do you have to eat a large quantity of food in a mukbang?
What is BodyKey?
Is it possible to be happy and have higher focusing power without eating good food or by only eating bad food (i.e., only bad carbs) and doing cardio workouts?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
What are the benefits of taking fiber supplements during pregnancy?
Does slow cooking retain vitamins better than fast cooking?
The diet of the Inuit people is seal, caribou, whale, etc. How do they not get nutrients from fruit and vegetables and not get sick?
What are the dangers of speeding up your metabolism with pills?
What are the sources to get vitamin D on vegetarian diet?
Is it true that the morning sun gives us vitamin D?
What protein do athletes use?
Which is the best time for taking both whey protein and creatine on the same day?
Can pregnant women drink rose milk?
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
Do recovering anorexics require more calories to gain weight than 'normal' people?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
What is the best food source of Vitamin D?
Is vajrasana beneficial on both full and empty stomach?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
Does lack of Vitamin D result in depression?
What are the nutritional benefits found in white lightning sangria?
How many scoops of whey protein to take on a keto diet?
What happens if I don’t eat for a day?
How do I control my diet, but not to harm my body?
What type of ADR is a haemolytic crisis in a Glucose-6-Phosphate deficiency?
What is your opinion on protein powder?
Is salt unhealthy?
How do I do easy carbohydrate counting?
Is VDR Taq dependent on how much Vitamin D you have at the current time or is it the receptor?
What does protein do to our body?
What nutritional value does whole wheat bread provide?
Do potatoes have more fat than sugar?
What are the nutritional facts found in fried crab meat?
What are the nutritional benefits found in chicken katsu?
Will it be possible to create food artificially from the required things (soil nutrients, sunlight and air) by mixing in right proportion?
Can creatine and whey protein be taken at the same time?
Does B12 prevent dementia? What about with the addition of folic acid?
Does dietary potassium pose a cardiovascular risk?
Why are antioxidants no longer considered so healthy as it was previously thought?
What are food group percentages?
If you do not exercise, but eat healthy, how much protein should you eat?
Do our bodies absorb nutrients better when there is less "junk food" in our system? If so, how?
Why is celery considered a good source of fiber?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
How do I recover from a severe vitamin D deficiency?
Why are avocado and olive oil considered healthy fats?
Why does my stomach bloat for 3 to 4 hours after I eat but goes back to normal after I excrete?
Why is Progenex Whey Protein Isolate not sold in India?
How many carbohydrates do noodles have?
Are there food safety issues to using MDM (mechanically deboned meat) of chicken, turkey, or pork in processed meat applications?
Which tablets are the best ones for Omega 3?
What are the benefits of eating fresh water clams?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
Can anyone help me with swimming diet for pre & post?
What is the double meaning of vitamin C?
Does whey protein really help in long term?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
Which is the best junk food?
Does your body produce more sugar if you think too much?
What are the health benefits of eating kabocha squash?
Can pregnant women eat potato chips?
Is eating unripe cantaloupe safe?
Can resistance exercise be hypothesized as possible internal protein (or maybe calorie) restriction mimetic?
What are the top foods and intakes for better mental development and function?
What is the scope of the M.Sc. in nutrition science?
What are your thoughts on the theory that the digestive system only absorbs around 70 grams of proteins per couple of hours (around 2-4)?
Does eating carbohydrates increase the risk of cancer, while eating more fats doesn't?
What is the formula to find out how much protein to eat for one’s body weight?
Is it possible to create such a food which does not have any calories but is able to satisfy hunger?
Does fruit that is highly flavorful have a higher nutritional content than fruit that has very little flavor?
What do I do about someone who causes you to have an unhealthy relationship with food?
Is there any food that contains vitamin E or supplements which can help you to get better sleep?
Can I eat, or should I leave, the decoration’s vegetables on my dish at restaurants?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
Why do Indians eat such a high percentage of carbs?
Is baking powder unhealthy or shouldn't I worry?
What are the components in B12?
Is supplementation of vitamin D3 preferred when compared to vitamin D2?
Is taking a multivitamin worth the risks?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
Where do I buy Optimum Nutrition Pro Gainer in Delhi?
What is toned milk?
How can I measure the calories in a roast potato?
What are the similarities between fats and carbohydrates?
Which kingdom has the maximum nutritional diversity?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
How is HDL good cholesterol and how is LDL bad?
Are fully-cooked breakfast sandwiches in cellophane wrap that are warmed up to 200F-225F safe for consumption?
What does Vivek Mittal think about the banana island diet?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
Do modern human diets lack collagen (gelatin)?
Do potatoes contain Vitamin C?
Should I eat protein while hiking?
Should a 17-year-old follow a ketogenic diet?
How much healthier is pasteurized vegetable juice compared to raw juice?
Which rajma has more protein?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Which is the best college for nutrition in Delhi?
Me and my wife are vegetarians and in middle 30's. We always feel tired and lack of energy What is the best vegetarian diet to improve overall health?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
Where can I find and read scientific researches about nutrition so I am properly informed?
What is the best nutrition plan for faster recovery of broken legs?
Is it true that you can live quite a long time on a diet of just sugar (energy), water (hydration) and a little protein (to feed muscles)?
Does a deficiency of hemoglobin make the body dry, and how can one overcome the deficiency?
They say fiber is good for you. But we know that fiber is not digested by the human body. What's the benefit?
If you are on the Keto diet, can you tell me the success you've had with it?
What are the vitamins found in corn?
What is the good healthy diet routine?
What would happen if I ate half as many calories as optimum every day for 3 years?
What happens when protein powder is mixed with hot milk?
Is there a cracker type product available that uses protein and fat but with no carbohydrate?
Can I take a multi-vitamin supplement (e.g. Revital, NUTRILITE Daily, Riconia G) without consulting a doctor?
Which diet is the perfect diet for longevity and health: veganism, vegeterianism, or omnivorous?
What led to invention of sugar?
Is a ketogenic diet safe for a teenage girl who needs to lose weight fast?
What is the best omega 3 fish oil supplement?
How do I put on weight? Do I need protein, carbs, fat, or orange juice?
Is milk kefir good or bad for eczema?
Would a meticulous diet devoid of carbohydrates prevent calculus buildup?
How can I achieve this Keto diet goal?
What are the sources of protein for bodybuilding?
What is the best protein for vegan to grow muscles?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
Do Phenocal diet pills work?
Is fruit ripeness and fruit density correlated?
What is the amount of calories in homemade chili?
Is there a free online tool to figure out what nutrients are missing from my diet?
Why is there so much protein in one scrambled egg?
Is it worth it to blend or eat food in its natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, vitamin, mineral gain and variety) regardless of time?
How do I practice the oatmeal diet?
Why do we plateau when dieting? Is that maybe just the size and shape that is right for us?
How much calcium is present in calcium phosphate that contains 10g of oxygen?
Can somebody recommend a top-notch dietician/nutritionist in Dubai that can help me lower bad cholesterol levels?
Why is the determination of fat by the Gerber method not so accurate for sterilized milk?
What are healthy alternatives to rusk and biscuits?
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for a month?
When you cook cauliflower and/or broccoli do they lose any nutritional value?
What is your review of Six Pack Nutrition 100% Whey?
Which vitamin is said to be vitamin M?
What is an example of a diet containing every nutrient a human needs?
What are the health benefits of lime cordial?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
Why is there so much apprehension towards raw beets?
Is consumption of whey protein allowed for Olympic players?
What would happen if I only ate chicken, broccoli and brown rice for every meal?
How important is proteins for persons in 70s?
Is grain free cat food better than with grain?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
Why, in the nutritional supplements industry, are there hundreds of account manager job postings and less than 10 in R&D in the entire continent?
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
If someone enjoys eating healthy food, does it mean they don't have sensitive tastes buds?
Does protein intake capacity increase in post workout?
Why is it that only after I eat something very sweet or very oily I feel full?
Which are some good supplements for skin?
How dangerous is sugar intake for kids?
What can you do in the morning to really kickstart your metabolism, and how can you maintain this throughout the day?
Is rice pudding fattening?
Are there any supplements which help in PMS?
Is Amway XS whey protein good or bad?
What are the main risks of vitamin D deficiency?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
Is it good to take protein powder on a regular basis?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
What are some snacks that have very low calories?
What is the recommended diet (calories) for muscle gain if I am taking creatine 5gm and 100gm of whey protein every day?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
If I leave my protein shake in the freezer, and it freezes, will it lose any of its nutritional value?
Can our body adapt to higher calorie intake without weight gain?
What are the perfect diets for a soccer player?
Could I split a Natrol Biotin 10,000 mcg capsule in half to get 5000 mcg only per day, or won't it be effective?
Is soya powder really more healthy than eggs?
Is it harmful to drink milk before the training?
Does cooking/heating up canned, bottled, or fresh fish lead to omega-3s & overall nutrients being lost? If so, how much is lost & how long should I cook the fish?
I can't seem to stay on any diet. I really feel like I'm just not strong enough to keep up with the change. How can I diet successfully?
What is a nutrition epidemiologist, and is this a good career?
Can Vitamin D deficiency cause acne and Endometriosis?
Why don't high proteins diets work?
What are the best 5 vitamins / supplements to take for a longer life?
Are you familiar with the FODMAP diet? Can you point me to a website that explains this diet?
Does impact whey protein make u bulky or does it help to lose weight?
What are the health benefits of lime and honey?
What are some tasty, healthy snacks?
A food safety trainer told me that the movement of shaking a bottle of Yakult before drinking will kill the good bacteria in the drink. Really?
Do magnesium malate supplements have an expiration date?
What is the minimum funds (per day) required for entry into Seychelles?
How can I plan to live past 100 and still be physically fit and feel young?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
What is nutritional?
What are the effects of nutrition, inbreeding and hybridization?
How do I apply vitamin C serum?
If my BMR is 1599 and I burn 600 calories a day and eat 1500, will I lose fat?
How do carnivores such as lions get enough nutrients given that they lack a balanced diet since they don't eat vegetables?
Is peanut good for diet?
What is the perfect diet plan for a 19-year-old boy if he wants to increase his weight?
What are the side effects if vitamin B12 is low in the body?
Is the current officially-accepted view of nutrition wrong?
What is the glycemic index of a ripe banana, watermelon, and muskmelon?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
Will I get fat binging on healthy foods?
How can I increase my protein intake without relying on supplements?
What is a keto diet for vegetarians?
Does drinking milk over fish cause white patches?
What supplement should I take to give me energy and a godly erection?
What vitamins are important for the retina? What foods can supply those vitamins?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
What will happen if I keep eating coconut and wheat bread along with drinking milk every morning for a month or 2?
What foods can you eat with expander?
How are a dog’s nutritional needs different from those of a person?
What happens with too much nitrogen in the body?
How can I go for a balanced diet after being in a restricted diet of around 800 calories per day, without gaining back my weight?
What is a balanced diet for swimming?
How did the people in India drank milk before the discovery of Pasteurisation?
What would happen if I eat maintenance calories on a test cyle?
What is a good bodybuilding program and diet for me?
If industrialized milk is poisonous because of all the toxic things cows are fed, then would the same apply to protein powder made from milk?
Can you take probiotics every other day with similar effects?
If the recommended daily sugar intake is 37.5g, does that mean you can only have two bananas and one apple a day?
If foods rich in protein come along with carbs more than protein, then how can I eat more protein than carbs?
What is the best vegetarian diet with eggs for weight loss?
What would happen if you ate a calorie-appropriate amount of pizza every day, with no more than 6 fixed toppings, for the rest of your life?
What happens if I eat 5 egg yolks daily?
How many grams is one serving of rice?
What are some healthy snacks that can be consumed at the workplace easily?
Does the Japanese deep breath diet really work?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
If someone switched to a voracious diet rich with lean meat (in addition to vegetables and fruit), would the body build muscle more liberally?
How does scaffolding enhance metabolic actitivity?
Can you die from a spice overload?
Which foods are rich in hemoglobin?
What are the pros and cons of fruit and vegetables only diet?
What are some easy chicken based recipes to get protein?
What are the benefits of eating litchi fruit during pregnancy?
Which food should men avoid?
Is taking protein powder after workout good for health?
What is your favorite kind of leafy vegetable?
What are the best sources of selenium in natural foods?
What is some good food for a student to eat?
What are the bad sides of eating too much seaweed?
What are the dangers of eating mayonnaise during pregnancy?
What is the perfect diet for a diabetic person?
What should a long jumper eat?
Can you have nerve damage while treating a vitamin B12 deficiency with excess B12 (loading phase)?
I have an allergic reaction to dairy products and high glycemic foods. I don't want to avoid these foods. Where and how can I get treatment?
What is the best Magnesium Supplement to take for better absorption and quality?
How can I build my muscle naturally? Is there a recipe for making protein powder?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
What is the best diet for muscle gain that won’t cost a lot of money?
How many calories does the average person living in a 3rd world country eat?
What happens if humans don’t need food to live?
What's the point on making healthier food?
Does cow milk contain vitamin C?
What are the health benefits of eating Nature Valley granola bars?
What are the characteristics of calcium?
What do I eat if I want to avoid foods made using chemical processes?
How possible is it to ever design a machine that can live off of foods that humans eat for a constant supply of energy?
How much fat does pizza contain?
Why do elders say not to drink milk at night?
If I eat once a day, what will be the best time to eat?
What are the important Sources of Calcium for Women's Bone Health?
What is Dr. Nazarian’s diet menu plan?
How would switching from a high carb diet to a cyclic ketogenic affect one's performance in strongman and powerlifting competitions?
What is a diet plan for reducing weight?
What are the main benefits of hemp protein powder?
Can a person ever completely recover from extreme emaciation?
How much junk food do you consume on a daily basis?
What are the best foods to cure thalassemia minor in adults?
How do I commit to eating healthy and ignore negative comments?
Has anyone tried Vitamin D supplementation to cure Keratoconus?
What nutritional deficiencies could occur if you only ate chicken, broccoli, rice, and oatmeal?
How can a herbivore have protein in his/her meat while they eat plants?
How can I switch to low-carb diet when all food I know of, has carbs?
What is your favorite kind of green vegetable?
How can I measure the amount of calories in Fruitella?
Which is the best protein or supplement to build muscle and size?
What information can I get about protein supplements?
Is it true that most C and B vitamins are destroyed during cooking?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
What will happen if a person consumes 200g of protein per day for 1 month and his weight is around​ 55-60 kilograms?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Why is processed ham bad for you?
Why is rice milk good for babies?
Is it enough to eat overnight soaked 8-10 almonds and 20-25 raisins only in breakfast?
How much time gap is required for eating red meat after drinking a glass of protein shake?
Is there any relationship between GMO foods and increased allergies?
Does soy or wheat contain more lectins?
Of actual foods, which is the most toxic? Why?
Are calories a bad measure for reference; are there better alternatives?
Are ultra-processed foods really that bad for us?
What type of diet should I take to get more muscular mass? And how?
If cats are meat eaters, how do they get their vitamin C, or do they need it?
I have heard that some sugars, such as those in honey, are more healthful than others. What sugars are in honey?
Which mushrooms have the most protein?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
What if we could not convert complex sugar in simple sugars? What will happen?
What is the process of fat consumption? If I workout a lot and take whey along with that, will it burn my stored fat first or the protein which I took?
What is in vitamin G?
Is there any benefit of increased calcium intake for people with osteoporosis?
Is it theoretically feasible to create a full protein out of fauna in the way mammals make milk out of it?
A nutritionist told me weight loss is 98% diet and 2% exercise. Is there truth to the nutritionist's percentages or is it wrong?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What happens if you have too much unsaturated fat?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
Can Sangobion be given together with calcium?
Do we need essential fatty acids when we have a surplus of adipose tissue?
What is MSM metabolism?
What is tinned milk?
What foods make your legs thicker, and why?
Where is protein digestion accomplished? (AIIMS 1996)
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
What should I eat for breakfast? I'm very fussy about food and therefore deficient in nutrients.
Is eating milk powder injurious to one’s health? Does powdered milk really have oxidised cholesterol in it?
What are the nutritional benefits found in Apple juice and vodka?
I am 22 years old and weigh 59 kg. How can I use whey protein in the best way?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
How accurate is the calorie counter on Apple Watch?
Do women use extra calories when they have their period?
What is the quality of chapati that’s made by a chapati making machine?
What is the meaning of plant and animal nutrition?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
How would a horny pony shake its body?
What are the different types of carbs and in what ratio should I consume them approximately?
What are the nutritional benefits of sardines?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
What are the side effects of having 2% of fat in my protein shake?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
Which one is best creatine or whey protein?
Could too much saturated fat make you throw up?
Why am I not losing weight when I'm on a diet of 1,200 calories, eating produce, whole grains, lean protein, etc.?
What does unrefined sugar look like?
Are there health benefits of chocolate or cacao?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
How do I achieve a sustained calorie deficit?
Can I have both whey protein and creatine on the same day? Will it cause any negative/ill effects?
Is protein powder a necessity in working out?
How can you effectively speed up cooking time of vegetables while maintaining or preserving it's nutrients?
Is raw unpasteurized milk the best milk for my family?
Can vitamin C help with abortion at any months?
Is it viable to extract sugar from soya beans, similar to the way sugar is extracted from corn?
What are the health benefits of eating gluten-free gelato?
Does the average Westerner accumulate red meat in their intestines which they can't pass?
What are some characteristics of the nutrients provided by milk?
Why is Vitamin A important for us?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
How much protein, carbs, calories, and fiber do I need to gain 1kg per week?
What is "nutritional penury" as it relates to evolution?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
What are some merits and demerits of asparagus?
What is the best diet for a woman suffering from PCOS?
Does mixing egg with milk help to increase a person’s height?
What are some unconventional careers related to nutrition?
What are some techniques to improve one's attention?
How do I stop craving carbs?
Which is rich in protein egg or sprout?
What diet plan/lifestyle should you follow if you have a slow metabolism?
What are the foods to eat for becoming energetic?
What vitamin deficiency do you have if your legs hurt, even while sleeping?
What are some ways to slow down your metabolism and gain weight?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
What are the benefits of urad dal for our skin, hair, and health?
How can I check how much blockage I have in order to check my heart’s status as I daily consume a lot of butter?
How have psychedelics and/or meditation improved your life?
Where can I find the best zinc & vitamin D supplements?
In fitness, does the term 'calories' refer to small calories(cal) or large calories (kcal)? For eg, "you must take in 5000 calories per day."
What are the lowest sugar vegetables?
I have a 14 months son. How many dates can he eat a day?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
What is best diet to improve the body’s metabolism?
Are sugar-free raw chocolates best for your health?
Now that we know there is a "nutritional soup" on Europa and Enceladus, what is the likelihood for life?
What are the healthiest peppers?
What are people’s thoughts on the Athelean-Rx post-workout supplement?
Is night cream with vitamin A worth using?
What's more effective, protein supplements or real food?
How many times can you eat junk food in one month?
Are vitamin A and vitamin E both necessary for the eye’s retina?
What Are The Different types of Protein powder?
How should a basketball player (or any other explosive athlete) prepare for a game nutrition wise?
Does soaking/sprouting release the majority of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts & seeds, making them useless for nutritional needs?
What are some of the best foods to lose weight?
Does the nutritious value change from roasted almonds to normal almonds?
Can you still build strength on a caloric deficit?
How can you convert fat to calories, and what are some examples?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
What are the best low-carb foods to lose weight?
What are the best things to eat when one is gymming?
What happens if I cut down all sulphur in my diet?
What would likely happen to me if I were to eat 86 Peeps in one sitting?
In what form of energy does oxygen transforms the food that we eat?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
Can you take pre-workout supplements while on seizure medication?
Why is a tender coconut (coconut water) more expensive than a coconut?
Why can't I lose weight even though I am on a 900 calorie, high-protein diet?
How is 18% body fat different for a 50-year-old and a 31-year-old?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
What're the best methods for men over 50 to boost their metabolism?
What is the best amount of protein for a dog to eat every day?
How can I eat healthy and cheaply?
What are some foods with iron and zinc?
What type of diet should I take to avoid the formation of stones? Can I get a proper diet plan?
Can I replace regular daily meals with powdered meals like Joylent, without having health issues in the long term?
Is it bad for men to have soy protein (more specifically after weight lifting)?
Do most people have too much iron, and therefore do not need to supplement with it?
How can I speed up my metabolism when I cannot be active due to multiple chronic illnesses? I am unable to eat much at all, which is part of the problem.
Is avocado toast healthy?
How do you make sugar out of sugar beets?
How are the calories found in dried pasta measured?
What are the best foods to eat while on chemotherapy?
Does chickpeas contain fat?
What are healthy ways to reduce your intake of saturated fat and cholesterol?
What are the best supplements for someone naturally skinny and doing hypertrophy work outs?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
Is excessive added sugar a sign that the food industry is cooperating with the sugar industry to handle the sugar surplus?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
How many days after I change my diet should I get a blood test to see its impact to cholesterol, HDL and LDL?
Should I take whey protein or any other protein supplements?
How many calories are there in a meal of two Idlis and one cup of Sambar?
Which food helps in getting vascularity?
How do I to burn the carbohydrate?
Is Nestea Zero (sugar-free) healthy?
Where do I find the biggest studies on vitamin D?
How much does a vitamin shop make?
What happens if you go on an only-fat diet (that means: oils, butter, very little carbs (under 10 grams), and almost no protein)?
How is the Recommended Daily Allowance (dose) of any mineral decided?
What are the natural supplements I should be taking weekly?
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
What are some strategies to gain weight without eating unhealthy food?
Where can I find a good symptom checker for a study question on nutrition?
Which is a healthier option for a light snack after almost 6 hours of fasting, an apple or a handful of salted peanuts?
Can any body tell me about best nutritionist in Lahore?
Why does a cheese string have so much calories?
Are synthetic vitamins and minerals healthy or damaging?
What foods have the highest content of saturated fat?
Why do some forms of vitamin C cause fatigue and drowsiness?
How many calories should my 12 year old daughter eat per day?
Are there any health consequences caused by drinking a lot of tea?
Does the nutritional value of freshly cooked vegetables like pulse, cabbage, beans, etc., remain the same after 12 hours of refrigeration?
What vitamins and supplements can you take for detoxing from meth?
What are the health benefits of truffle oil?
What is a 3-week diet plan?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
Will I notice a difference when taking vitamin supplements?
What are some examples of juices with low sugar?
Why is lemon water/green tea causing me to break out?
I want to eat better, healthier food, but whenever I try, I gag and can't get it down. Is there anything I can do?
Why do we have to waste food by throwing away egg yolks? Aren't eating whole eggs a safe way to gain muscle mass?
Which food contains high vitamin c?
Is there any disadvantage in taking protein powder to the gym for a guy?
How much kale do you eat per day?
What can I munch in the night after 9 without the fear of gaining calories?
What is healthy food for a boy who goes to the gym?
I spent 1 year taking vitamin D, and my last blood test didn't detect an increase in my D levels. Do supplements work at all?
What are the benefit's of teapoly supplements?
Which online site sells the original whey protein in India?
How can we check milk’s purity with a lactometer?
What vitamin can you get in carrots?
How many calories are in 1 glass of fruit juice?
Is lactose bad/harmful for infants who are allergic to milk protein?
What fruits should I eat for a kidney infection?
Is flaxseed expensive?
Is whey protein a scam?
Should 13 year olds be given vitamins?
To increase overall serotonin production in the body, what food supplements do we need?
How can a naturally skinny person put on some weight?
How many calories a day should I eat if am a 5' 4" female and am too sick and disabled to exercise much?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
What vitamins are good for dizziness?
Is chewing junk food 32 times beneficial or harmful for our health?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
How much skin must be exposed to the sun and for how long to produce appreciable amounts of vitamin D?
How does the Animal Stak supplement compare to the Animal M-Stak supplement?
What foods will give you natural energy and allow you to focus better?
Is there any real science supporting the "gluten prevents the absorption of nutrients"?
Why are sugar substitutes considered bad for you?
What would happen if I go on a protein-shake only diet for a month?
What are the benefits of eating one avocado per day?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding for a complete day?
What kind of disease it is when you can't eat carbohydrates?
Is drinking Boost the same as taking a multi vitamin?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Why do some parents give their children junk food after they refuse a main meal?
How many people's worth of nutrition can be derived per hectare of arable Class 1 soil, developed intelligently and with plentiful water?
If food was priced by its calories, would most of us be healthy or malnourished?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
What kind of recipes won't work if you substitute lactose free milk in place of real milk?
What are the most essential vitamins for optimum wellness?
How do weightlifters afford to eat enough food?
What good food do you recommend I eat to bulk up and gain weight?
Which is the best packed milk in terms of calcium content and other nutrients?
What kind of food should we eat to be healthy?
What is the best way to remove an old leg scar?
Why does the FDA say artificial sweeteners are healthy to eat?
Are pickled beets carbohydrate free?
What are some really healthy pancake-like foods?
Why don’t you need magnesium as part of your daily nutrition?
How can one ever make a well informed decision about diet with so many science/anecdote-backed, yet opposing, views (e.g. Dr McDougall v Prof Noakes)?
If water doesn't have any calories, then how does green tea have 2 calories?
Is it possible to lose body weight on a zero-carb, almost zero-protein diet? That means you only eat fat.
Is it okay to eat fried food every day while reducing body fat but keeping track of macros in a calorie deficit?
What foods are high in protein and best to eat to build muscle?
What are the benefits of eating raw carrots every day?
What are the nutritional benefits found in rara chicken?
How do I gain 20 kgs weight being 23 years old and height of 5'11? I'm pure vegan and wouldn't take any animal based food also like milk and eggs.
Why do we need BCAA during work out to when protein is tertiary source of energy after carbs and fat?
What are the final product of Carbohydrates proteins and fats after their digestion?
Would a glass of pure fruit and/or vegetable juice each day be more beneficial than taking a supplement?
What are some medicines that will increase my hunger towards food and of course increase my digestive power?
Is it incorrect if I am taking protein entirely from protein supplements and not from other sources?
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
What nutrients is there in corn?
What is it like to consume any naturally available specific item internally or externally for a long or short time, in order to see the benefits that they give your body?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
What's the best way to increase vitamin D in the body since I am facing a vitamin D deficiency problem?
If you could only eat 10 foods for a well-balanced diet, what would they be?
What is the best daily vitamin brand for a young woman?
How does stopping a diet plan from time to time help in its ongoing success for overall weight loss?
Is there a site about the latest nutrition research which is similar to www.nutritionfacts.org (or with even shorter texts)?
Will I go into starvation mode and stop losing weight on a 1000 per day calorie diet?
What is considered a healthy diet for a 5 lb chihuahua?
What are the main functions of vitamins A, B, C and D in our organism?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
How do you wait in between meals?
Which whey protein is good and original for a decent amount?
How are citrus fruits good for your health?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
Can I eat cold stuff on my period?
Why can't humans meet 100% of their essential fatty acid needs (omega 3 oil) from alpha-linolenic acid (flax oil)?
How can I stop feeling hungry on a liquid diet?
Where can I buy 100% natural multivitamin supplements in India?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in chocolate coins?
How much does it take to start a supplement brand in India?
Why do natural (cooked) meat juices keep more or less indefinitely under a layer of fat in the fridge?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
Are starchy foods carcinogenic? Also, is a high carb diet linked to increase of diseases like cancer?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
Does taking protein powders for a long period of time (say 20 years) have any adverse effects?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
How can I measure the amount of calories in a Publix rotisserie chicken?
Which protein supplement is best for height?
Which brand of whey protein has more than 80% protein in India?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
Is the sugar from red bean paste healthier than other forms of sugar?
How many nutrients do men lose in one masturbation?
Is it possible to have too much fiber?
Why is it so important to treat yourself when on a diet?
What are the best supplements to gain mass?
Can iron supplements damage the GI tract of a three year old?
Does vitamin C in vegetable soup get destroyed or dissolved into the water?
Will indigestion be cured by eating papaya every day?
What are the effects of an all bean diet?
Are 'extra' carbohydrates stored as saturated or unsaturated fats?
Is 1700 calories a day too little?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
What is the mode of nutrition in animals?
Can anyone send me a detox plan, like a week’s plan of what to eat?
Why do so many foodstuffs contain wheat?
The fitness gyms prefer whey protein for fast-growing muscles. Is it good to use whey protein? If so, then which brand?
How do you know if you eat enough nutrients?
How is a substantial calorie deficit possible?
Today I binge ate 4,000 calories of only pastries. Will I catch cancer?
Does IBS have any serious effects on your health? I see some food particles in my bowel movements. Does IBS prevent you from digesting food?
What is the diet of a person whose serum total in bilirubins is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
Can we store boiled rajma in fridge and eat it later will it have same protein?
Is this combination of supplements advisable?
Is it possible to lose weight by eating a low carb intake in the diet but a little more than the limit to avoid going into Keto?
What are the biotin included foods that I should take?
Are the nutrients in compost lost after being burnt?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
Is it good to drink evaporated milk three times daily?
Is it proven that plant-based diets like veganism contribute to strong bones, low disease & so on? Why don't most athletes use plant-based diets?
As regard to diet, what should be a daily intake in order to prevent cardiovascular diseases?
Which food items shouldn't be taken together or one after another?
Is it benificial to consume wheatgrass juice during pregnancy?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
What are the symptoms of B12 deficiency?
What are 5 ways to stop cheating on your diet?
How do you prepare your lentils before eating them?
Which food is good for health in children?
What is the effect of eating a lot of salt?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
What is the best green drink powder in the market?
What are some good brands of vitamins?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
Is a simple whey protein shake of just whey and almond milk sufficient as a meal replacement for lunch?
How do we digest cow milk?
Is it rude to bring “outside food” into a food place if most of your friends are actually eating there?
Is 2 plums and Cheerios with milk a healthy breakfast?
How do I commit to a diet, when eating and my happiness are so closely linked?
How many Calories (kcal) does the brain need to function properly?
Am I eating too many carbs?
Why do I get food comas after lunch but not after dinner, despite eating the same amount?
Would it be unhealthy to drink 1.5 litres of water at once?
What would happen if we consume whey protein irregularly?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are sabja seeds? What are their health benefits?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
Why is butter considered bad for you?
Should I choose UIUC, Wisconsin Madison or UC Davis for Food Science and Nutrition?
For vegetarians, is there anything like egg whites that is high in protein and low in fat and carbs?
How long do vitamins stay in the body?
What does the Benjamin Diet look like?
What are the methods to gain weight with whey protein without side effects (vegetarian food)?
What are vitamins and minerals good for?
Is it healthy to eat watermelon?
How did humans survive before discovering the need to cook meat and soak & sprout most plant foods to avoid parasites & properly digest food?
What is the nutritional value found in Pizza Hut's breadstick?
What food should one eat to repair the damage caused by drinking Coke?
What's the most nutritious diet for avoiding bread and sugar?
Is whey protein heart healthy?
What are the syllabus, topics, practicals, projects, etc., for a BSc in food and nutrition?
Has anyone ever gone “cold turkey” in order to be completely sugar-free? I want to try and stop the cravings.
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
What are your top 5 in terms of what you look for in a nutritional supplement?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
What nutrients am I missing if I don't eat dairy?
Which whey protein should I use for gaining muscle and weight? I am from Pune.
Is it good for a lady to take sugary food or drinks?
Should I take Venkys Whey, Venkys Albumen Plus, or Venkys Egg N Whey for fat loss?
How do carbs help us?
What is the healthy alternative to carbonated drinks other than fresh fruit juice?
Why are so many harmful substances allowed in most of America's food and water?
How long will take it me to get used to a lower calorie intake diet?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
Is there a scientific way to detect the presence of buffalo milk in cow’s milk or buffalo milk in goat’s milk? Fat content can be easily manipulated.
Who are some mental health professionals with a strong background in nutrition?
Is there an adult retreat/health and nutrition camp in Romania?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
What are the essential amino acids for adults?
Which food supplements should everybody take?
What are the health benefits of eating raw meat?
Why is the rate of response with parenteral iron not faster than oral?
How do they get fresh meat into dry pet food biscuits?
Are broiler chickens healthy to eat?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
How can I eat healthy on a budget?
If the digestive system filters out waste and what we don't need, then why can't we eat whatever we want?
Do we need to eat protein rich food even when you are taking protein powder?
What are the risks of eating orange foods?
What are the benefits of refreezing defrosted meat?
If we have protein supplements available, why do many still prepare their protein diet?
Is there any side effect of a balanced diet?
Can I allow myself to take Levocetirizine once in three days for severe itching? Is it ok?
Where can I get a perfect schedule of a nutritious diet for low-hemoglobin patients?
Is it OK to be on a keto diet for days and go high on carb 1 day a week (so I can eat my favourite sugary desserts)?
What is the best nutrition for cross country runners?
What are the benefits of substituting brown sugar for white sugar?
What is the “sugar industry”?
What is the cheapest diet plan to gain weight as I am a student?
Will the world ever come to the point where our only real chance for long term survival requires us to live off a staple diet of Soylent Greens?
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
What is the best time of day to take Miralax?
Is a varied diet better than a limited diet?
What are the nutrition facts about cannolis?
How much can dealers earn with authentic whey protein?
Why aren’t simple carbohydrates not recommended pre-workout?
If the level of vitamin D in the blood is 10ng/ml, is a dose of 600,000 IU enough?
Is it dangerous to exercise on a day you haven't consumed much salt?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
Is it possible to get to a toxic level of Vitamin D by taking 6000 IU/day?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
How much fluid should a person intake daily?
Is there a substitute of whey protein?
How can I calculate the calories per scrambled egg?
What are the nutritional values of eating lettuce?
What should I do to increase the intake of a man's stick in my hole?
How does protein renaturation happen?
What food is low glycemic, and how do I follow a low-glycemic diet to delay type 2 diabetes?
What are monuosaturated fats good for?
What are the benefits of eating prunes?
How fast do you lose weight on 200 calories per day?
How long does a liquid multivitamin take to build up in ones system and take any effect?
Is it worth to leave medicine and start studying nutritional science ?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
? When is the best time to take?
Are the vitamins in cereal more beneficial than pill vitamins?
How many calories should I consume daily to reduce my weight to 78kg to 60 kg?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
Why are some juices, claiming to be "without added sugar" and listing no added ingredients, sweeter than homemade ones?
What are the benefits of eating orange foods?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in a sausage and peppers?
Why are fungi not good in terms of producing protein compared to bacteria?
Do women who are lactating but not breastfeeding still need to eat more calories?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
Can I eat potatoes and get lean?
What advice do experienced vegans have for those who have just started?
Which has more protein - milk or cheese?
Which culture has the longest life span, and what nutritional factors are attributed to their longevity?
When was the dnaA protein discovered?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
How many grams of protein does an average gym goer need per day?
Why is vitamin B12 contraindicated in undiagnosed anaemia?
How do you reduce the potency of pungent foods?
Buffalo milk contains certain elements for the growth of their offspring. Why do we humans need to consume their milk?
Does every vegan have to take B12 supplement?
Is the BCAA supplement made up of hair?
Why do nutritionists say to avoid carbohydrates?
What is the potassium content in pineapple juice?
What are the side effects of protein powder without enough physical exercise?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
How much food does a dairy cow eat to produce one gallon of milk?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
Is there another way to track calories besides counting calories?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in a cup of rice?
What is a good and reliable source to measure calories for Indian food on internet for a beginner?
Is overnight refrigerated food healthy to eat?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
Why does taking too much vitamin E cause a stroke?
Is cheese a dairy product?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
Which non-dairy probiotic foods can I buy from a supermarket?
Is saturated fat unhealthy?
What will happen if 2 Keraboost tablets are taken daily instead of one per day?
What are the vegetarian food with plenty of protein?
Which dry fruit is best for daily use in a normal body?
What are the health benefits of using garlic powder?
What are some poor diet habits, and how can one eliminate them?
How can you increase melatonin levels to a safe level through diet?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
What would happen if I only ate boiled egg whites for a month?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
What are the nutritional facts found in vegan croutons?
Have you ever treated depression with B vitamins injections?
Is drinking Complan the same as drinking milk?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
What and how should I eat and how do I calculate how many calories I need to decrease?
What's the most compete/nutritious food for humans?
What would happen if I ate only junk food for one day?
Is peanut butter a good product for building muscles?
Does breastfeeding have nutritional value?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
How should I go about increasing my calorie intake for adding muscle?
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
If you are on a diet but you are craving for that delicious meal, what would you do?
How many grams of CaO are needed to produce 36 grams of Hg?
When a medicine says take with food, how much food and what kind of food should I have?
What if I take Albumen powder instead of whey isolate; will it help for fat loss?
Does anything actually speed up metabolic rate or are all the suggestions i.e. Eating spicy food or excessive caffeine just myths?
With hepatitis E, what food can we eat?
How are vitamins determined in a food?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
What are the benefits of eating plain yogurt for losing weight?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
What are the healthiest oils to eat raw?
What would happen if we consume a lot of sugar?
Is a BSc in food and nutrition theoretical?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
Can I eat a pizza once a month with no worries?
Is the host able to secrete recombinant proteins in the growth medium?
Do bananas contain any calcuim? If so, then how much calcium does each 80g banana contain?
Would a typical breakfast cereal be considered healthy if not for the added sugar?
Why do people prefer to have supplements?
What is the importance of nutrition and nutrients?
How would you solve a problem like, if there are 100 calories in 1 and a half cup of grapes, how many calories are in half a cup?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
What can be some healthy options to satisfy sugar craving?
Does daily intake of vitamin C when taken with a shrimp meal cause poisoning?
If I eat a 2000 calorie meal, does my body process if differently than five 400 calorie meals throughout the day?
Is oil-free diet necessary for stent patients?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
What are the risks of refreezing defrosted meat?
Drinking milk is good for one’s health, but at what time should one drink it? Should a gymmer drink it in the morning, the evening, or night?
How do we come off statins permanently and maintain low LDL cholesterol?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding?
What are the health benefits of musk oil?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
Is pea protein powder a whole protein source?
What is vitamin C efficacy?
Should I consume protein tablets if I have to deal with intense basketball workout of 2 hours because I live in a hostel and food quality is bad here?
What are the other carbohydrates beside starches?
Is it good not to take dinner for health if someone has slow digestion?
What is a jaggery glycemic index?
What are the most legitimate scientific studies showing that animal protein is detrimental to human health, and a plant-based/vegan diet is superior?
Why is a person who sells juice not healthier than I would expect?
Would lack of Vitamin D increase CO2 storage?
When did we start using sugar?
What over-the-counter herbal products increase metabolism?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
What's the fastest way to increase Vitamin B-12 and D?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in 2 fried eggs?
What material could be used in windows to let UV for vitamin D from the sun be used?
When selling bottled homemade almond milk, should you boil the water used for making the almond milk or should you boil the almond milk ?
What are the health benefits of the South Beach Diet?
Is there any relation between acne and food?
What is the best caloric deficit diet plan and work out plan to gain muscle mass and lose body fat in 6 months (whey protein based diet plan)?
Would eating just sugar make you fat?
Is sodium citrate natural? I only eat things that are natural in foods and my prawns have sodium citrate. Is that a salt?
I went a full day consuming fruits and walnuts. How does my body react to that?
What health benefits do we get from eating ground peanuts?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
Why did vegetables and fruits develop such different reproductive strategies?
What is the best healthy eating app?
How healthy are Triscuits?
Do cooked fruits and vegetables have vitamin C?
How different is margarine from plastic? How does this difference reflect on its health value?
How much omega-3 is in salmon roe (ikura) and flying fish roe (tobiko)?
What would you prefer, 1 handful of peanuts or BCAA supplements?
What do you eat in your Paleo diet plan?
How can I change my diet to become more androgynous?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
When do I take a whey protein supplement, before a workout or after a workout?
Should a two year old take vitamins?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are some good diet pills similar to OxyElite Pro?
What’s a proper diet for a St. Bernard puppy in the Indian climate?
Is it a bad idea to eat chicken biriyani the day before an exam?
What is the difference between one calorie of fat, protein, and carbs?
Why am I craving ice cream today?
How safe and sufficient are vitamin supplements & fortified foods?
How can low-fat cooking oil make breakfast healthier?
What are the advantages of heat-and-eat meals?
Are sugar and yogurt mixed together healthy?
Should I eat an apple or an egg as a midnight snack?
What is less healthy, not getting enough nutrients or over eating on junk food?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
Why do Indian people eat spicy foods?
What is the proper time to eat yogurt?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
What are the best forms of vitamin and mineral compounds that are most easily absorbed, when taken as a supplement?
Is 3000 skips a day enough to lose weight with a standard diet?
Is the traditional Malayali vegetarian diet protein rich?
What are the health benefits of the sashimi diet?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
Is pasta considered a junk food?
Are there any downsides to BCAA supplements? Which ones are the best?
What's the caseinogen of milk?
What are chocolate strawberries’ nutrition facts?
What is the prevalence of copper deficiency?
If cholesterol (saturated fat) is removed from naughty list, does this mean it's alright to eat high fat foods?
Does abdominal breathing practice after having meal will improve my digestion?
How nutritious is lobster?
I’m sick with walking pneumonia. What natural food can I eat?
How can I measure the calories found in 1 slice of white bread?
Does eating melatonin-rich food have positive effects, or are the effects negligible?
How do vitamins function in our body?
What are the health benefits of eating protein pancakes?
Is it possible that the world may some day come to a point where Soylent Greens becomes the main staple of the human diet?
What should I add in unflavored protein shake to make it tasty?
Is boiled gram healthy?
What are the nutritional facts found in a gluten free carrot soup?
How much water intake does our body needs in Summer?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
Which vitamin deficiency is not seen in newborns?
What are the cheapest sources of protein?
What is the calories-to-kilograms formula, if it even exists?
Do peanuts contain more protein than an egg?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
What percentage of Indians take supplements?
Which diet has the scientific proof to support that it increases life expectancy without illnesses? Is it vegan, moderate meat/dairy, vegetarian?
I overeat junk food to deter myself from eating it again. What might be a better way to approach a healthy lifestyle?
How can two people eat healthy on a $200 budget?
What are some healthy toppings for porridge?
What medicines should one take if one is not feeling hungry and hasn't eaten a proper meal for days?
Who is an excellent nutritional supplement sales letter writer?
Are kettle cooked chips healthy?
Does the flavor of your protein powder affect how healthful it is?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
Why do meat and seafood have high purine contents?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
What foods make your arms thicker, and why?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
Are there some vitamins in Coke, or not?
What are the functional properties of foods?
How does gut bacteria influence metabolism?
What are the best apps for keeping a healthy diet?
Why are seagulls always hungry?
What should I do to increase the calcium level in my body?
How easily can 3500-4000 calories in 3 meals a day be as a HFHC mostly raw vegan?
What should a healthy diet for children include?
Is eating chapathi better than poori?
If calories out are greater than calories in, then why does my metabolism convert anything I eat to fat when I eat fewer than 1000 calories a day?
For girls, what diet you following that is available and good for your health?
What is the best way to keep calcium deficiency away?
How can I intake more protein without supplements?
If you consume the same amounts of glucose, glycerol, or proteins that yield pyruvate, which food would render the largest amount of ATP?
What are some of the best foods that make your breast grow?
What food and health supplements can lessen the effect of pollen allergy and hay fever?
A food item has 5 grams of fat. Three grams are monounsaturated; 1 is saturated. What is the other 1 gram of fat?
Can taking a testosterone supplement increase your height?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
How does red meat consume change the composition of intestinal bacteria, such that it is more likely to produce TMAO?
Comparing between dietetics, nutrition, and food technology/science, which one is the best for master’s studies?
What​ are the best and worst times to eat?
Apple is considered to be a negative calorie food. So, if someone ate only apples, would he starve to death eventually?
Which is the best vegetarian whey protein?
If a person takes RDA of every mineral from birth, can he still have some mineral deficiency?
What is caloric deficit diet?
What happens when you skip a day in your weight gain diet plan?
What are the yummiest foods that one can eat in a train journey?
How much protein is the right amount?
What Keto Diet apps are available?
Did anyone treat any disease by a mega dose of vitamin C via an IV?
What are the health benefits of eating garlic bulbs?
In carbohydrates, why are monosaccharides and oligosaccharides sweet in taste, while polysaccharides are not?
What does an egg contain?
What are some healthy substitutes for a typical Indian roti meal?
What are the best natural foods to eat daily?
What happens when you start a "calorie deficit" diet?
Which is the best biotin supplement available in India?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
Do calcium supplements contain more benefits or more risks?
Is eating whey protein dangerous for women?
What are the foods that someone who is B positive should always avoid?
What can fill my tummy for a whole day if I eat only once a day?
What would happen if a person eats too much spicy food?
Does food sober you up when you're high?
What is the best way to reduce calories from alcohol?
This is the nutritional information on the back of a soya-based snack. Is this even possible?
Do you get fat faster, when eating healthy for a few months and then start eating sugar and processed food again?
Are BCAAs found in natural foods?
How do I raise my energy level?
Is buckwheat bread safe if you have Hashimoto's Disease? My body seems to like it but it wants sweet things too and sugar is bad for me.
What is the best way to remove mercury from a tin of tuna without destroying its nutrients?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
Which whey protein is good for someone who is above 40 years old?
What are the protein powder/health supplement brands you should buy in India?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for 1 month?
What is wrong with drinking skim milk as opposed to full-fat milk?
How can I reduce my intake of sweets?
If there any diet plan for IT girls?
Is a diet of lentils, peanuts, and a multivitamin sufficient?
I got a ketone result of 8.0 according to ketostix after 2 days of fasting and one day of high fat moderate protein. Any ideas as to why?
What's the difference between nitrites and nitrates, and why are they bad for you?
What is reconstituted skimmed milk?
Where is the vitamin digested in our body?
How can I measure the amount of calories in one cup of green grapes?
How can I quit refined sugar?
If lentils cause more uric acid in the blood, then how can a vegetarian take dietary protein in the proper amount?
Does eating potatoes on a regular basis affect the joints?
How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?
Can I have a scoop of whey protein outside of my 8 hours eating window for intermittent fasting? As in, if I eat at 3pm to 11pm and work out from 6.30 to 8 am, can I have some of the protein?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
If someone weighs 300 lbs but has been eating healthy and 1300 calories/day for two weeks but hasn't lost weight what could be the reason?
What is the initial diet?
Is stretching important post-workout?
How much fruits should one eat?
What is the metabolic function of vitamin T?
Can you purchase 5000 mg of vitamin D3?
I'm allergic to ascorbic acid (vitamin C). What can I supplement with?
How many calories are in one piece of white Nabulsi cheese?
What are the nutritional differences between a red and kidney bean?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
What are the health benefits of Parmalat milk?
Are dietary supplements unregulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration?
Why can humans eat different foods all the time but dogs are unable to without getting sick? A scientific explanation would be preferred.
Are weight gain shakes healthy?
What happens if intake too little levothyroxine?
How do I mix omega 3 fish oil with foods without losing its nutrients?
Why does 11β-HSD2 deficiency cause apparent mineralocorticoid excess (effects like mineralocorticoids binding its receptors) but not glucocorticoids?
What is tanned protein?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
What has GM got to offer the world in terms of better nutrition and welfare?
What are the most pungent foods?
I'm a 20 yrs old male and got some belly fat (on the sides only) out of the blue. Why?
Why should we use mineral water?
What were the first non-human mammals to be milked by humans? What early evidence do we have of milking livestock?
What happens if I eat the required amount of 100% healthy foods and then consume one unhealthy food in a day?
What is the nutritional information of fresh, raw hemp/cannabis leaves?
What is cytosolic calcium?
What is the daily amount of potassium required for an adult? Why do tablets only cover 10% of it?
Does physical digestion occur in the oesophagus?
Which is the best time of the day to eat fruit?
Which is the best protein supplement available in India?
What is the healthiest food we can eat?
Does eating dosa every second day make you gain fat?
Is eating raw rice dangerous?
Can eating too much sugar change the appearance of your face even if you don't gain weight?
What foods help to reduce cholesterol?
I eat chicken every day. Is that bad for me?
What kind of diet plan recipes does Dr. Nazar didn't give to his patients for a 1200 calorie?
Which is healthier between sugar, regular honey and dried fruit?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
Can I mix blended almond powder in milk? What benefit will drinking it on a daily basis give me?
What is the average freight cost for companies which are dealing in salted snacks, which are primarily high on volume and low on value?
Is it healthier to replace dairy with meat in Chinese Medicine?
Is a baby food diet healthy for adults?
What are the health benefits of eating too much asparagus?
What are the dangers of eating one avocado per day?
What is a perfectly balanced diet?
What are some examples of heat-and-eat meals?
Which foods have lots of calcium and iron?
Do fresh water sardines have omega 3 fatty acids?
On which basis are vitamins divided into vitamin A, B, C, D, E, and K?
What is the health treat of using palm oil as a replacement of milk fat in food products like ice cream?
What should we eat after workout, except protein shake?
Is the Paleo Diet recommended?
What effect will there be from a high protein diet (150gm protein, 250gm carbs, 40gm fat) on a man who weights 74kg, is 5′8" tall and has 19% body fat?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
What is quantum effect on protein?
What is the normal sugar?
As a pescaterian, should I take vitamins daily?
Are calories good or bad for you, and why?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
What will be the growth of the brain health supplements’ market?
How can I get more antioxidants?
What type of proteins are consumed by vegan athletes to stay fit?
Are calories all that matter?
Is eating ice unhealthy?
What are the most effective & natural methods to increase your iron intake on a plant based diet?
In which medium should I take whey protien?
Are protein powders (whey, for example) unhealthy?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
Can I stop taking whey protein?
What are the health benefits of eating steak for lunch?
Is BCAA consumption healthy when I am on a super active lifestyle? I am 25, 5′4′′ in height and 60 kg in weight. Can I take whey protein after a workout?
Will sugar always be bad for you?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
Does Global Impex supply genuine MuscleTech whey?
Do I really need to eat vegetables every day?
How many calories does an apple have?
What food is the most unhealthy?
Is protein powder harmful in the long term if we stop going to the gym?
What would be the average cost of sustaining an adult human being (food, clothing, education, water etc) anywhere on earth ?
In an effort to make a stubborn person understand, is eating bland and unpleasant food and starving oneself actually not helpful during a diet? Why?
What are your stories about the GM diet?
How come I stop feeling hungry after doing HITT routines?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
Is it ok to put a (super) fat full-grown cat on a diet?
Can I eat 1 tablespoon of peanut or almond butter a day and not gain weight?
Is there any actual evidence that taking vitamin and mineral supplements improves your health?
Are vegan foods and gluten-free opposed to one another?
What diet should I take to get a lean and tight body?
What is the best cereal to eat with less calories?
Why is whey isolate too costly in India?
What is the nutrition value of chocolates?
How is the amount of milk that is consumed per day in a certain nation calculated or assumed? What procedures are to be followed?
What is a proper food diet to cure leucoderma?
What is Fact grain (granularity)?
Does a nontoxic, supplemental Vitamin D reach toxicity if it’s supplemented with sunlight?
What are the major roles of protein constructing human body?
Is it okay to skip dinner and drink milk instead?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
What foods should be included in the diet during pregnancy for a healthier baby?
Some say you should eat something when you wake up. Others say drink water, work out then eat. Which is it?
What happens when you have extreme hunger but there is no food to eat?
How can I make a poster on a nutritional disorder?
How are nutrients such as proteins and carbs lost in food?
If you were permitted to eat only one food for the rest of your life or you died, which food would you choose and why?
Which fruits contain a lot of vitamin A?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
Can a couple shots of whiskey a night or glass of wine really cause weight gain?
Which is the best institute of nutrition in UP and what is its eligiblity?
What are the top 5 weight loss diets?
They say cooking food in the microwave makes it lose its nutritional value. Will that food help in dieting?
Can calcium oxide be extracted from eggshells?
What are the nutrition facts found in beef tongue?
What nutrients are used in our eyes?
What kind of body plan does a Ctenophora have?
Is it okay to drink a banana shake after keeping it in the fridge for 9 hours?
Does coffee reduce sleep?
What are some famous quotes about nutrition?
How can I stop eating lots of food and stop eating junk food as a teen to lose fat?
Would the slightest change in nutritional intake cause weight gain in an anorexic even if their calorie intake remained the same or in fact decreased?
Does reconstituted juice have any nutritional value?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
Do all aerobic activities have the same health benefits?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
What are the benefits of the sweet woodruff supplement?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
What are some good foods to help gastritis?
What are the benefits of soy protein for weight loss?
How should one plan, including diet, to run a 1,600 meters in 6:30 minutes?
Why is the ideal minimum safe calorie intake limited to 1200 calories?
Is it OK to never count calories?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
How do I not go over 1,000 calories, what should I eat?
Where did our ancestors get vitamin B12 from in a vegan diet?
What are ketogenic foods?
Does consuming less than 1200 calories per day really work for fat loss?
How can I eat raw garlic without burning my mouth?
How can I calculate the calories in cheesecake slice?
What are the nutritional facts found in brown miso?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
How can I measure the calories in triple sec?
If you eat 6 bananas a day, what will happen to your body?
Has anyone tried making protein pancakes out of regular pancake mix and just adding protein powder into it? Is it okay for people who work out?
Is supplement protein good?
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
Why do some protein powders say "not suitable for persons under 16 years"?
Can you powerlift while on the Keto diet?
How can I measure the calories in Marmite?
Why is it healthy to have “snake shaped” poop, and unhealthy to have loose stools?
Which supplements, if any, should be taken with a ketogenic diet?
What destroys protein in food?
What are the best, least expensive solvents for fat soluble vitamins, like vitamin A, D3 and vitamin E oil?
Are food cravings really a symptom of food sensitivity?
How do I find out all consumed foods are digested or not?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
Why do raw cacao nibs have different nutritional value on all different packaging and online?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
Am I going above my daily intake of sugar if eat a mango?
How much food should a sixteen-year-old boy eat?
What happens to my body if I do my workout regularly but don't add calories to my diet?
Can I have a protein shake if I have PCOD?
Are there any studies on the benefits of inactive probiotics?
Can diabetic patients eat protein supplements (powder) including some sugar?
Do big pharmaceutical companies own a virtual monopoly over the world production of synthetic B12? If so, how can it be vegan?
Can I survive eating only dates?
Does breastfeeding have any nutritional value after 9 months?
What are the most dependable and quality supplement brands?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
Why do I feel so ill whenever I try to improve my diet?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
By how much does Omega 3 reduce the common inflammatory markers?
What’s the diet chart for my 4 year old son?
How do you find the best joint supplements in 2017?
What's the best 1300 calorie diet plan?
How can I get a diet chart for every day?
When should we drink milk?
What are the calories in melted butter?
What are the reasons for the increase in cholesterol levels in women?
What happens if you eat healthy without exercise?
How much carrot juice do I have to drink, per day, for my skin to become noticeably orange?
Can consuming any types of spices stunt or speed up your weight loss if you have them with your meals, in a calorie deficit?
How do vitamin B9 and C work in foetus development?
Is eating uncooked rice unhealthy?
What foods cause the most gas?
What are some dietary snacks I can eat?
How many lbs of muscle can be gained fast by drinking protein powder?
What is the best, most cost-effective whey protein powder available in India? Does Neulife provide authentic whey online?
If protein was an impurity in the sample, how could one remove the protein to purify the sample?
What are the calories in a cup of red grapes?
Where can I get genuine ultimate nutrition products in Nagpur or online?
What are some nutrients to eat to get long nails?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
What is an 8-day diet plan to avoid gas formation in the stomach?
Does drinking milk lessen the chances of getting arthritis?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
Is the sugar found in honey bad for you like how white/brown sugar is?
Is protein necessary for loosing weight? If yes, then which type is better: whey or isolated?
What does a workout diet look like?
I am 15 years old and I weigh 82 pounds. Why am I so skinny? I eat a lot but not too much meat. I eat meat about 3 times a month.
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
What are the effects of regularly eating food that has empty calories?
Do Britannia Marie Lite biscuits contain pork fat?
Can I have a 5000 calorie cheat meal every week by following a 1500 calorie diet plan?
Which other dish can replace upma in terms of its nutritive value?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
When laboratories calculate a food's caloric value, is fiber counted as a carbohydrate and is therefore included in the total calories, or is it excluded?
What are the nutrition facts about red wine?
Is chicken liver high in cholesterol?
How many milligrams of omega-3 should I take in a day?
Is milk good for owls?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
Where do you think vegans get their protein from?
Why is the nutritional information of liquids given in grams?
What are the most common foods to be allergic to?
Can I buy whey protein with Sodexo meal vouchers online? If yes, what are some pointers?
What's the difference in nutrition between eating grass and lettuce for humans?
How bad is eating 3000 calories worth of nut butter per day for you? (About 3/5 of my total calorie consumption)
Is forcing myself to eat 3 - 5 bowls of rice for lunch to gain weight dangerous for my health?
Can Tums be taken as a calcium supplement?
What supplements help you keep an erection?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
How does Vivek Mittal resist his temptation to eat junk food?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
What is the best diet that worked for you?
What is the most basic diet you can live on healthily?
Do you eat in the ideal state of digestion, assimilation, & calorie burning?
Which is the best bcaas supplement out there?
Can I lose weight off of a liquid based diet?
Is it a good thing to have only milk and dates for breakfast?
If ketones are a clean fuel for our body, how come not everyone is on the ketogenic diet?
Is rice better for a diet for a diabetic patient?
What is the diet for a typhoid patient with jaundice?
What are some delicious, filling, healthy, but low-calorie foods?
Can unhealthy food make you stupid?
What is the diet plan of those guys who uses the gym at home?
How do I gain weight and what will be my diet?
Which are the best colleges for a BSc in diets and nutrition in India?
What can I do/buy/eat to help quickly digest bread, potatoes, and red meat and avoid bloat?
Why do Democrats find it worthwhile to hurt the soda industry and force downsizing, just because of some people's bad diet choices?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
Does a combination of whey protein and creatine help in weight loss?
Is it ok to rotate supplements, or must they be taken daily to be effective?
Are carbs enough for the brain? Does it need sugar as well?
What are some signs of an increased metabolism?
Can CLA be taken together with omega-3 fatty acids?
Have you used the nutritional therapies pioneered by Dr. William Walsh?
What is the Activia diet?
Can anyone give me an Indian diet of 4000 calories only for muscle gain with supplements? My weight is 50 kg and my height is 5′8″.
What is a multidrug resistant protein?
Can I eat as much as I want in Warrior diet?
What are some reasons not go pescatarian or to cut out red meat from your diet?
How could I prevent becoming depressed before bed?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
How much time is needed to fix B12 deficiency?
What brand of normal protein (not whey) powder is good?
Should I drink lactose free milk for a weight loss diet?
How do vitamin supplements help in preventing wrinkles?
Are dandelions really a superfood? How would you prepare them?
What is the best fruit for all season?
Does the BSc course in food and nutrition require extra hard work?
With the Japanese diet rich in carbohydrates such as rice, noodles, and tubers, how do the diabetics fare?
Should I go into a calorie surplus and then cut?
Are there any supplements out there that are actually worth taking?
If sugar is a light powder, how does it add weight to a person’s body?
Which is the most polarizing food?
How can good nutrition be promoted?
How would my skin be affected if I were to take a megadose of vitamin C?
What happens if you only eat 1000 calories a day, then do a 500 calorie workout everyday as a fourteen year old girl?
What is the scope of choosing a dietician and nutrition course after class 12th?
Is it unhealthy to drink a liter of Pedialyte every day?
What cereals can you find at Whole Foods that have a lot of carbs but very low in sugar/saturated fat?
If you were only allowed to eat 300 calories a day, but can eat anything you want, what would you/should you eat?
What dietary options are available to people who do not wish to eat plants or animals?
Enzymes are synthesised in our body but vitamins are not. Why?
If sugar is said to cause wrinkles, does that mean the sugar in fruit does the same?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
What is the cheapest whey protein powder available in India?
How can we—especially vegetarians & vegans—avoid mycotoxins especially in foods like bananas, produce, seeds, nuts, grains, legumes, tap water & more?
How do I increase fibre in food?
What are the health benefits of mango seeds?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
How beneficial is Amway Nutrilite protein powder?
What are the best nutrients found in fruits?
Can eating just a small amount of raw egg make you sick?
Does omega-3 cause weight gain?
Is it safe to give calcium/vitamin D supplements to an autistic child?
How can I measure the calories in a 500ml beer?
Why does chemical properties of compounds such as vitamin D make them much more likely to result in toxicity than say another vitamin like vitamin C?
What are the benefits of eating pasteurized cheese?
How do I gain weight at the age of 25?
Why don’t athletes eat sugar?
Is it possible to get all the nutrients you need on a liquid diet without supplements?
What's the best way to inform about fitness and nutrition?
What is the best egg white protein available in India?
What does “conc. semi crystalline cane juice” mean?
What percentage of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds get blocked from being absorb in our body due to antinutrients?
Does brinjal contain fat?
Why is eating a low amount of calories bad, if it’s only done for short periods of time?
How do I lose weight when all my parents buy is fast food?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
How can I measure the calories in a cheese string?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
What's the most efficient way to successfully change poor eating habits and commit to a healthy diet?
Can someone with high cholesterol levels eat scallops?
What are your tips for sticking to a diet?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
Are there any illegal foods that aren’t harmful to the body?
Is it unhealthy to eat cured meat?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
How is a person affected if he drinks water only once in three days for a week?
I’m a skinny guy. Can I take whey protein to build my body along with normal running and playing sports like basketball?
How do I make an egg white omelette?
How can green tea make you lose weight?
How does drinking cold water affect digestion and metabolism?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Do inactive calories count in weight loss?
Does whey protein kill the sex drive or testosterone levels?
Do ground and powdered spices & herbs have any nutritional value, or is that destroyed during the processing & daily as they remain in the container?
How can someone who can't eat legumes, nuts, seeds, grains and some produce (such as avocados & bananas) be vegan, especially if they're an athlete?
Does honey cake contain sugar?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
Where can I buy genuine, great quality vitamin C serum in India online?
What should I eat to get more fat on my body?
What happens if you eat only brown rice for one month?
How can I prepare a low calorie spanakopita?
Why do we eat more?
If I want to gain muscle, should I go on a protein diet or just eat everything till I reach my required calorie amount?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
Last couple of days I have been depressed. Took 10 grams of vitamin D, now schizophrenia symptoms are back. Why?
Do we really need to eat our food? Can't we charge this body by pulling energy from the cosmos?
What is omega 3s?
Is there new proven evidence that diet drinks ("zero sugar") are unhealthy, or is this a health scare by the media?
What types of nuts have the most protein?
What is the diagnosis of niacin deficiency?
If I stop eating junk food and soda altogether, how much does that contribute to weight loss?
How many calories are in one honeysuckle?
If one uses 100mL of water, how many grams of Vitamin B6 are needed to create a 0.5% solution?
Should my 14-year-old sister take a One A Day supplement daily as she barely eats any vegetables or fish?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
Is consuming chlorella or spirulina enough to meet the body’s daily protein demand, while gaining muscles for a teenager ?
What are the best foods to eat if you usually have palpitations?
What kind of foods are high in lipids?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
What are the amounts of calories in purple grapes?
Why does refined flour stick in the stomach whereas protein powders or other powders don't?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
Is it okay to give my chickens some whey protein?
How can I stop wasting money on junk food as a teenager?
What chemical changes happen with time, in common foods, after being cooked?
Does chicken breast have cholesterol?
How do I stop always thinking of food to lose fat?
How common is vitamin B12 deficiency between vegetarians/vegans?
Is water fattening?
What are the foods with the highest glycemic index scores?
What will happen when you mix cigratte and milk?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
Does eating Nutella daily cause weight gain?
How does a high carb diet affect your metabolism? I’m considering a caloric surplus to gain some mass.
What are the healthiest food items at IKEA?
What are the nutritional facts found in Macayo's enchilada sauce?
How do I discreetly cut my sugar intake?
What is the nutrition of a fillet steak?
Can I get enough Omega 3 from food alone without supplements?
How can one become a full time nutritionist?
Why does our blood pressure rise when we eat too much salt in our diet?
Is farm-raised salmon a good source of omega-3?
Can I remove the foam in my protein shake milk?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Which type of carbohydrates can be digested only by ruminants but not by humans? Why?
When lean bulking, should I eat more calories or less?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need in a day?
What food is the most filling with least consumption?
What are the best ways for vegetarians to get protein naturally in their diet?
Where do I find information on BSc food nutrition (topics, syllabus, practicals, projects)? Is it a theoretical course?
Can you suggest any modification for my diet chart that has been added to the ‘details’ part?
What are the budgetery protein supplements available in India under ₹1500?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
What's the difference between piloncillo, jaggery and raw sugar?
Is there such a thing as a healthy diet without vegetables?
What sort of nutrients does a girl's body lose during menses?
What kind of food strengthens the immune system?
If I eat too much food in 24hrs so, can I live one week without eating anything?
How do I optimize eating so it's maximally cheap, fast to deal with and it has most of needed nutritients?
Are there any credible sources on healthy diet?
Can children be given supplements of Vitamin D?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
What are some foods rich in magnesium and potassium?
Is it necessary to supplement L-carnitine on a ketogenic diet?
What are the health and nutritional benefits of black matpe beans?
Whey protein is best with milk or water?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Rashes have developed between and around my fingers. Which vitamins am I lacking?
Is eating before bed bad for me if I have Crohn's disease?
What is the maximum amount of vitamin D that I can take at once?
What are the nutritional requirements at the time of breastfeeding?
For the purpose of the question "what is a healthy diet", how different can every individual be, in terms of his chemistry, metabolism or other aspects?
What are the advantages of eating mangoes?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
How do I get fat in a year at least by natural food?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
What are examples of carbohydrate?
What is the best way I can cure vitiligo​ by intaking proper food?
What are some lucrative career option in nutrition?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
After churning out butter from our A2 milk cream, we are able to find some white powder like substance that sediments in the whey left. What is it?
Does B-protein help with loosing fat?
Do you agree that food studies are so contradictory for one to make an informed decision?
What essential nutrients and minerals will you lack, if you eat only gruel/porridge for every meal?
How much muscle do I lose in a calorie deficit?
What do you think about the FODMAP diet?
Is there any college for, food and nutrition around Coimbatore?
What diet can increase calcium?
How much does the calcium in milk really help bones?
How can I eat healthier when my family doesn't buy healthy food?
Is it possible to measure vitamin B12 level in the body and what is the normal value?
How do I take 150 g of protein a day with a veg. and non-veg. diet?
Does the Vmax Male Enhancement supplement really work?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
How can I measure the calories in a shot of bourbon?
How can you calculate the carbohydrates in a lemon?
At what point should I start using the nutrients for fruiting while growing hydroponic cucumbers?
Is it possible to get an excess of vitamins by certain foods in the diet? Can we get an excess of vitamin A by having papaya daily or vitamin C by eating an orange?
Can humans survive just from eating dog food?
I am thinking about experimenting with high doses of vitamin D. I am hearing really good things. Are mega-doses of vitamin D potentially beneficial?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
Is the 5:2 diet safe for teens?
Why do people change so frequently? One day they are so good to you and the next day they are just the opposite. Is it just as per their needs?
What is the best remedy for too much salt in the diet?
How many calories does a whole pizza loaded with everything on it have?
When bulking do I have to eat healthy?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
What is a good water to fiber ratio intake?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Which food has all the B vitamins?
Is fury a good supplement?
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
How do I make skimmed milk at home while retaining substantial amount of protein?
What is the process of nutrition in protozoans?
If you can only eat 100 calories a day, what would/should you eat?
Why everybody says excess water (5–6litres) intake decrease sodium levels and unhealthy?
What is healthier, eating onions or onion sprouts?
What's the best way to eliminate 0 calorie soft drinks from your diet?
What is the best way to retain nutrients while reheating food besides a microwave or oven?
How long does it take for vitamins to be absorbed in our system?
Can oral Vitamin D intake (through food or supplements) replace the value of exposure to sunlight?
Can you explain how working out more often leads to better eating?
How much would it hurt if the impact of a single bullet was distributed evenly throughout our body?
Is it safe to take 5000 mcg of Biotin daily? I'm concerned cause it's 1670% of the recommended daily value.
What is the best way to make a protein shake with yogurt?
In Bad Gastein, Austria, radon gas is considered healthy, yet we consider it unhealthy in the US. Who's right?
What vitamins are in raw peas?
Is grape juice healthy during pregnancy?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
How can I eat more protein?
Which in water living species would be the best choice for sustainable nutrition source for mankind?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
Is milk in liters or kilo?
What should be my full day diet plan as an Indian who wants to lose fat fast? I have some events to attend.
How has changing your diet changed your life?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
Is an ARC distributor a genuine distributor of ultimate nutrition?
How can I calculate the calories in a chicken shawarma?
How accurate are the nutritional facts on labels in India, e.g. these labels on a Balaji package?
What is the cheapest way of taking protein supplements for weight loss?
Why can't I absorb vitamin D?
How much protein would you need to consume in one sitting, to kill you?
What are foods to eat or everyday habits to do to stop getting a cold or getting ill so frequently?
Do whey protein supplements affect your libido?
Which diet method really works? I have info about OCD - Obsessive Corbuzier Diet. What are some reviews of this diet?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
What kind of diet do I need to follow after recovering from Jaundice?
What are the best post-workout meals, excluding whey protein?
How can I calculate the calories in a sliced cucumber?
How can I resist and overcome the temptation for junk food?
What are some human food birds can eat?
If one varied the toppings enough, could one have a nutritionally complete diet made up of only pizza?
What are some random hacks that can make you healthier and happier?
What is ORAC value of food supplements and what is its significance?
What would happen if I didn't eat for 7 days, only water?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
Is it possible that eating gluten at every meal (although not being allergic to it) can give you unbearable stomach pain?
What is the diet that should not be taken when one has chikungunya?
Can I eat dates when bodybuilding? Since they contain a lot of sugar, I’m a little bit confused about whether I should eat them or not.
How can I stop being addicted to junk food?
What is the difference between crude polysaccharide and carbohydrates?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
Is the smoky grilled chicken from KFC junk food? Is it OK to have 3–4 pieces every day as a source of protein?
Can sugar intake increases weight?
Is there a drawback for taking one pill of Vitamin B6/B12 daily forever?
Do egg whites have protein?
Does a healthy diet have a connection with singing?
What is a safe, recommended vegetarian diet for weak kidneys?
How can I reduce weight? Can anyone suggest a diet?
Do omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids differentially impact cognition? If so, what is the consensus regarding their influence?
What is the best and most original supplement in India
What is the success rate of the Atkins diet?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
Out of every nutrient humans need, which ones directly sustain psychological health?
Why are there no savoury, low calorie foods?
How much would nutrients and minerals differ with different types of honey (pure, raw) from across the world?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
Can I use raw white eggs and milk and a banana-like shaker post-workout?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
How nutritious are crab legs?
Are sugar-free foods really healthy, and do they have fewer calories than sugar?
How much glutathione does the body produce per day?
Are less tasty vegetables providing less nutrients?
Which is the best whey protein isolate among the ones listed in the two screenshots attached in the description?
Is www.esnutrition.co.in good to buy supplements from?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
Why is there such a lack of variety in fast food/street food in Western countries? When options do exist, why are they so unhealthy?
Is LPU good for a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
What are the nutritional facts found in a deep fried moon pie?
Where can I get the best protein powder?
Is there a brand of instant hot chocolate that is trans fat partially hydrogenated oil free, low-carb, & costs less than Caffe D'Vita ($0.58/oz)?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
I am trying to change my diet for the better. How do I switch to a high veggie diet without going over in carb intake?
What is the best supplement stack for me?
What are the health benefits of massaging with olive oil?
How can I best adapt the ketogenic diet to the meals served at my high school?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
Are health supplements​ safe for our metabolism, guts and health? Some trainers have told me that​ they are bad. What are the facts?
Is buying supplements on HealthKart safe or not?
What are typical dietary traits of centenarians?
When is the best time to eat a cookie?
How do I break a plateau in a ketogenic diet?
What are some foods I should eat before I work out?
What is dead vitamin?
What are the risks of eating fresh water clams?
What are some reviews about MuscleBlaze High Protein Cereal? They claim that it contains 17 gm protein per 50 gm of cereal. Should I buy it?
How do I get my one year old child to eat vegetables?
Which vitamin is formed by collagen?
Is dietary phosphorus good or bad for bones, and how about phosphoric acid?
What would be a good vegetarian diet plan (excluding supplements) for a beginner in the gym for gaining weight?
Will eating a whole raw steak make me sick?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
What is your go-to weekday meal?
How can a diet change affect the correct digestion behavior?
How much should you eat per meal?
How good is the skin at absorbing nutrients or toxins?
What are the health benefits of eating banana pancakes?
Why are there inadequate answers to why we consume so much?
Does whey protein have probiotics?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
How do I gain weight? I am lean, and I work far away from home. What kind of food can I take with me to the office?
is the quantity of water intake same for all?
How can I take multivitamin capsules together with fish oil omega-3?
Is soy protein harmful to the human body?
Why do so many people accept and enjoy eating proccesed foods that are mostly added chemicals with large sides of fats and sugar?
It is ok to eat high GI food occasionally?
What is the importance of vitamins?
What are some foods containing estrogen and progesterone?
If I only have salmon, nuts, eggs, and papaya for my diet, how will my health be after one month?
Why should we not eat for 30 minutes before and after taking thyroxine?
What are some recipes with low iron foods?
What are the best and worst nuts to eat for overall health?
Why does having more iodine drops mean more vitamin C content?
Which whey would you recommend?
In the human body, do we get electrical/chemical energy from food, or are we powered electrically by our bodies’ own atoms separate from food?
Why do you add 100 calories in the keto diet, and till when?
Is it OK to take vitamins and medicines at the same time?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
How much powdered PB would an anorexic need to consume per day to gain weight?
Are there any certain types of food that pregnant women can eat to enhance the beauty of their babies?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
If people want to stop eating junk food, why can't they just not buy it?
How long would you survive just drinking your daily calorie requirement as olive oil?
How can I be determined in my diet?
How can I calculate the calories in custard cream?
How do I stop thinking of junk food always to lose fat?
Why is my stomach swollen, heavy and protruding if I’m not eating anything?
What is the market size of plant based protein in India?
What would happen if I drink milk after lemonade?
What are the nutrition facts per 100 grams of crickets?
If my stomach is stuffed from the previous meal, can I wait until I'm hungry to eat again?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
Hod do you prepare a nutrition broth for an agar plate?
Why do potassium supplements only contain 3% of daily value?
What are some of the best Vitamin B2/riboflavin capsules in the Indian market?
What is a general category of food?
Is a microwaved potato a better source of potassium, vitamin C and other minerals than a banana?
Do I need to take whey protein or low fat milk for muscle build up? Do they work the same way or does whey protein benefit you more?
How helpful is ketogenic chocolate in our everyday diet plan?
Which protein supplements are the best for me if I'm not able to meet my daily protein requirements from a natural diet?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
Is there any sugar free chocolate available in USA?
Is chicken more nutritious than egg?
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
Can I get only boiled diet?
How does fibre reduce the availability of minerals?
What are some of the best natural sources of vitamin B12?
Why can my friends eat more food and I cannot?
A healthy person eats 5g raw sugar, 4g albumin, 10g pure buffalo ghee adulturated with 2g vegetable ghee and 5g lignin. How many calories did he eat?
What is the best diet to get a teenager down to 15 percent body fat?
What is a multi-drug resistant protein?
What are the best energy bars?
What is an in-depth explanation of why people say sugar is bad for humans?
Can fresh fruit and vegetable juices & smoothies alone help an anorexic?
Why do dry roasted soybeans have more protein and calories for the same quantity when boiled? (What scientific chemical reaction is taking place?)
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
Why is chocolate Cool Whip so fattening?
Can paneer be a substitute for protein powder?
Is it possible to survive (for long) eating only potatoes?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
How do radicals cause cells to age? How and why are they important for our metabolism?
How can I get enough protein as a vegetarian without repeating foods like tofu, tempeh, milk, and beans?
Where can I buy ON whey protein?
How do I take care of a patient on a low-sodium diet?
Why is chocolate so high in calories?
How nutritious is omena fish?
Can a cholesterol patient eat eggs?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
I’m working out twice a day with high carbs lunch and dinner. What will happen?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
How can I get hungry quickly?
Why must the Modi government ban unhealthy Gujarati food & their un-hygienic producers?
Why is organic sugar considered better?
What supplements do I take to stimulate my tibia and fibula bones?
How do overnutrition and undernutrition differ?
What is sharon fruit good for?
Are food supplements necessary to actually stay healthy?
How do I stop eating sugar and craving it?
Why do the L-type calcium channels allow small amounts of calcium to pass through them in cardiac myocytes?
Does Garnier oil clear face wash contain animal fat?
Is it good to suck your wife’s breast whether there’s milk or not?
Do people with smaller mouths take longer to eat?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
If super hot temperature can kill bacteria, does cooking also kill all nutrients in the food?
What are the best healthy foods to eat in India?
Do various food products really give the health benefits they say on the label?
What is the most nutritious food to feed to hummingbirds?
As an adult, would it be possible to go back to receiving all nutrients, etc. through your navel?
What are the challenges faced in nutrition domain?
What would my paneer intake be (in terms of protein) if I have 150gm of chicken every day?
Why do I eat so much when I study?
Which vitamin reduces pimples?
What changes did you notice in yourself after cutting down sugar intake?
Does an onion lose its vitamins when it sprouts?
Is it true that we can't absorb most of the nutrients in unsprouted beans/legumes, grains, seeds & nuts?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
Is honey healthy?
Can you explain how soaps emulsify oils and fats?
Is it possible to be allergic to Maryland blue crabs and no other crustaceans or shellfish?
Why aren’t mineral acids used in iron/calcium separation?
Is it bad to eat excess sugar if you want to be an elite level sprinter?
I exceeded my carbohydrates limit for two days in a row while on a weight loss diet. What can I do to undo / minimize the damage?
What should I eat before and during a 4-hour exam for the best result?
What are the benefits of eating kumara?
Why is protein good to lose wieght?
Is there an organism that can convert carbohydrates into protein?
Does smoking cannabis 4 days before a blood test ruin the results? It is a test for vitamin B12, folic acid, glucose, potassium, and calcium.
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
Is going on the Keto diet long-term a safe/good idea?
How are plants different from animals in the mode of nutrition?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
Can drinking milk before bedtime affect one's sexual activity?
What would happen if Portugal were cold and rainy 200 days per year?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
If I want to eat the same thing every day and get all nutrients from vegetarian sources, what should I eat?
Has anyone used Combat Protein Powder? Is there any other product that is better than it?
What improvements do I make to my diet?
Should I use whey protein to gain weight, if I am only 39 kilograms?
How is MyProtein Impact Whey Protein?
What is the official website of ultimate nutrition in India?
Why is that healthy foods are so expensive compared to the rest of the foods?
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
How healthy are Americans?
What are concentrated simple sugars?
Is whey protein harmful for the liver?
What is the cheapest and best way to get whey protein imported from the US?
Why is butter good for you, and what are the side effects?
Is dieting or eating less food required by the body, a good thing?
Why do we need fiber as part of our daily diet?
Can Splenda make you fat by making you hungry?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Why do doctors still cite outdated, Cold War era nutritional guidelines, regarding salt and saturated fat intake, for patients to stay heart healthy?
What should we eat after a workout, except protein powder?
Why is turkey high in protein?
Can we use disodium arsono acetete to fatten up cattle?
Lately, I have not been eating much. For breakfast, I have cereal, and for lunch, I eat as much as a 2-year-old, and that's it for the day. Is that okay?
What vegetarian lunch could I eat every day?
In what molecular form does sodium exist in celery, and how does the body absorb and use that sodium, as compared to ingesting sodium chloride?
What kind of diet will give me clear skin?
Is the protein taken from meals throughout the day enough to sustain you for a night workout?
What modality of fitness training makes you the leanest? (Assuming you have a clean nutrition plan).
What are the health benefits of eating oranges while pregnant?
What food did you eat that made you throw up?
Why is cholesterol important?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
How do different foods make you feel, a few minutes after you finish eating?
What is the best diet eating only cucumber?
What are the nutritional facts found in dried apricot paste?
Why are certain pills supposed to be taken before a meal?
What is the importance of fats in our body?
How do you calculate calories in a prawn?
Is it healthier to sweeten milk with honey instead of refined sugar?
What is the good time to eat black gram?
How can I measure the calories in a small pita bread?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
What is it like to eat Lutefisk, Hongeo-hoe, Surstromming, Hákarl or other smelly fish?
How does the body work (all about food and energy)?
What kind of foods do Americans usually eat?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
Does decreasing the carbs in a vegan diet mean reducing one’s intake of chapatis, rotis, or rice?
Does junk food cause cancer?
How can I measure the calories in Lay's chips?
How can one go on a high protein diet without harming the environment?
Does taking vitamin/mineral supplements negate any benefits (water) fasting might give?
What are some reasons people drink meal replacement drinks?
Can we use egg shells in place of calcium tablets?
How many eggs in a day is too much?
Which are the vitamins required for healthy eyes?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
Why does my stomach expand so much even if I eat something small like one banana?
I’m switching from 500 calories a day to 1,200 calories and gaining weight. What should I do to get my body back to normal?
Do I still need to add fat to my diet if I eat foods naturally high in fat?
Do milk and garlic heal stomach wounds?
How do I measure my daily consumption of calories without any instrument? Are there any standard estimations that will give me a rough idea of my calorie intake?
Is it healthy to eat protein bars as a meal supplement?
What is the difference between "light" meat and regular meat?
How can we get B12 supplements (or B12-added food) without giving our money to the Big Pharma industry, since they have a near-monopoly?
Are there any health risks to eating only from nine to five?
What are some healthy microwavable foods for a school lunch?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
How fattening is plain popcorn?
Which fruit or vegetable juice has the most nutritional value, least sugar and no added preservatives?
Does green peas contain vitamin D?
Is it ok to mix collagen powder and protein powder in one shaker bottle or it would be better to separate the two?
What supplements (aside from whey and creatine) are best for a highschooler who needs to pile on healthy weight?
What are some foods most people don't know are unhealthy?
What are egg whites good for?
Why does sugar intake interfere with dopamine production (or rather absorption?)?
How do I improve the levels of Vitamin D and calcium with Indian food habits?
Why do health specialists demonize orange juice, when its sugar is naturally-occuring?
If I have powder sample without any information about it and I want to estimate the total protein containing in it , is there any way to do that?
What's a good preworkout snack?
What are the pros and cons of drinking a litre of water in a 2 hour window and sipping that same volume throughout the day?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
Who should include single-cell protein in his/her diet?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
Is eating ice dangerous for my health?
Why do we eat protein? Is it for the essential amino acids or for the energy it provides? Doesn’t the body prefer carbs for energy?
After how many grams of goji berries does my body get all the vitamin A it can absorb in a day?
It it possible to industrially scale synthetic production of nutrients like carbohydrates, proteins and fat?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
How we can find the nutrition efficiency of food given to animals?
Which is the best protein for someone who is 18 years old (and older) so that they can get some fat, too, with the protein?
What does academic evidence say about the effectiveness of vitamin supplements?
What's the best meal replacement powder?
Which is the most nutritious, cow, buffalo, goat or camel milk?
What are the grams in a cup of sugar?
Does the amount of sugar you consume add up weekly or daily?
Should you eat before bed?
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
How nutritious is seaweed or some of its relatives?
What's the best diet for humans?
Which nutrients is an Indian lacto-vegetarian diet most likely to lack?
What will happen if we would eat mostly rice and soy (vegan rations)?
What can we do to identify fake Optimum Nutrition 10lbs packs?
What is the no bread diet?
Does Indian gooseberry contain protein?
In a summer in Delhi, what type of foods with full proteins are good for your health?
Which nutrien has more energy and why?
If we raised prices on fatty foods and lowered prices on healthy food, would Americans be healthier?
What ways are there to intake a lot of insulin?
What will happen if I drink beet juice daily?
Is it advisable to take becelac fortz for a vitamin supplement? Will it have any side-effects?
Do Chinese people care about the glycemic index when making healthy food choices?
What are the healthy foods to eat in India?
What nutrients am I missing if I don't eat peanuts?
How are the results of Amway Nutrilite?
Isn't there too much sugar in many food products?
Why do supermarkets sell carrots with and without green leaves on top?
What´s a low carb, low calorie snack that´s not veggies?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
How long would it take me to pass out if I only eat 200–300 calories a day?
What are good vitamin supplements you recommend (and why) for middle aged men?
What is the difference between whey protein and milk protein?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
What are some examples of perfect protein for a human diet?
Will my cholesterol level be high if I eat a dozen eggs a day?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
What are the benefits of eating egg whites?
Which vitamins, minerals and chemicals don't require active transport to be absorbed?
What’s the best treatment for loss of appetite?
What is a diet plan (vegetarian) for losing 12 kgs of weight, if I want to consume 1,200 calories daily?
Is consuming curd with sugar good to postpone periods?
Can you have an intolerance to only milk and not milk products (and only to cold milk and not milk that has been heated up)?
What is the best calcium supplement for 30 year old female?
How good is a master’s in hospitality from California State University?
Where can I buy whey protein isolate in Nepal? What does it cost?
Which food is considered unhealthy?
How can environment increase height or intelligence if no one in our ancestral history had an optimal environment?
What nutrients are required before pregnancy for a smart baby?
Which vitamin is associated with carbohydrate metabolism?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
Do spices contain nutrients?
What happens when a slightly obese man decrease his daily food intake by about ⅓rd and does regular weight exercise?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
What natural foods, other than milk, can I consume to strengthen my bones?
What are the effects of sedatives, narcotics and hallucinogens on your metabolism?
Why does sugar taste bad after being sugar free for a few months?
Are there studies on the nutritional value of exclusively polystyrene foam consuming mealworms for further use in food supply?
What is the nutritional difference between a complete protein and an incomplete protein?
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
How can I calculate the calories in pecan halves?
Where are excess carbohydrates stored in the body?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy?
How do apes develop muscles without consuming proteins?
Is cum a good protein drink?
Why does eating junk food cause acne?
Will eating more leafy greens and fruit and less meat make my swimming more powerful?
What are the health benefits of eating Apple sauce?
Can I leave my peanut butter protein shake (milk, bananas & peanut butter; no protein powder) in the fridge overnight to drink it the next morning?
What happens if I shift from keto diet to high protein low fat and low carb after loosing enough weight?
Is it worth to take over the counter calcium supplement. I've taken vitamins and stuff in the past but never seem to feel a difference. I'm 38 female?
What is the best food to have before pregnancy?
Is there a short summary of the latest nutrition research for laymen?
What are the health benefits of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
Is lactase considered to be a protein?
How is beta-carotene converted into Vitamin A?
What foods would you eat if you were never allowed to brush or floss?
What vegetables have the highest amount of protein?
Why do they put so much fat and sugar in fast food?
Why do steel cut oats boil so much faster than regular oats?
Why does it seem like most "accepted" studies are lobbied, especially in the nutritional, medical, historical, scientific & environmental fields?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
Which one is best whey protien in india?
Mechanically, how are cereals fortified with vitamin D?
Which type of eating habit (vegan, omnivorous, occasionally eat meat, etc) is proven healthiest (low disease rate, long life expectancy) for humans?
What are muscle-growing foods?
What are the differences between protein powders and protein contained in food?
Does a dietitian and a nutritionist also have a NEET exam?
Why does a cheesecake slice have so many calories?
Is the nutritional value in organic chicken the same as that of artificial chicken?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
Do all kimchi have probiotics?
What's the right proportion of vegetables and fruits at each meal?
How can I convince my children to eat healthy food?
What are the nutritional facts found in the various types of nuts?
Who is on the ketogenic diet because of epilepsy? Has it helped?
How unhealthy is Coffee-Mate?
Do we have to eat every 2-4 hours or only when we feel hungry?
How many days after can I see the results of whey protein?
What are some of the main functions of minerals and vitamins?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
Why do people think that they still get nutrition from their food like we did in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s?
How much calcium is in calcium chloride?
How did ancient Indian Lacto vegetarians got Zinc and Omega 3 naturally?
How bad is it to go one day without eating vegetables?
What should be the diet for hypothyroidism​ and hyperthyroidism​ along with their guidelines​?
Is milk powder also a good source of protein like milk?
Does being full mean that I exceeded the max calories my body needed for the day?
Just how different are lecithins from lectins?
When I am lean bulking, can I eat junk food?
How many calories do I need per day to gain 10 pounds of muscle?
Is there any correlation that indicates that vitamins help make you taller?
How many calories are required for a student in a day?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
Is protein healthy for dinner, or will it disrupt sleep?
Would humans evolve to absorb nutrition from junk food?
Are vegans correct when they say science proves that whole food based vegan diet is proven to be the healthiest & superior diet, or is it propaganda?
A hypocalcemia patient has a 7.2 ionized calcium level. Why?
Why am I thin no matter how much I eat?
Which is the most healthiest and nutritious dog food?
How will it affect my health if I eat 3 bananas a day?
How is robustness measured in metabolism?
Is there a fruit or vegetable that requires more calories to digest than calories it actually contains?
How many animal nutrition factories does Cargill have in China and Vietnam?
Are calories a viable measure?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
How effective are feminizing supplements?
How do I find a good health and nutrition coach?
How can I measure the calories in miniature Snickers?
Is the pasteurization of milk the same as the processing of milk?
Are there any studies on the possibility of parasites mutating according to what it may ingest? You are what you eat, so to speak.
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Is Muscle House a genuine importer of Ultimate Nutrition products?
Which one is good for health, hot milk or cold milk? Why?
From which university can we do doctorates in nutrition online (India)?
Can adults eat Cerelac?
Why is lunch meat considered bad for you?
What does living off your fat do to you?
How many calories should we take before starting a 24 hour fast?
Are foods with carbs man made?
What kind of light produces vitamin C?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
How can I increase absorption of vitamin tablets and supplements that I take daily?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
Can you re-freeze (after microwaving), w/o issue, frozen vegetables?
What is the best diet for housewives?
What is the best diet for Osteopenia?
How much protein and fat should I eat to build and repair my muscles, as I started working out for one hour a day last week?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
What can be the most trending topic on a term paper for food sciences and nutrition management?
Are sugar free and sugar reduced foods any better for you?
Can you tell me details of the food items that are rich in particular vitamins, the diseases caused by the deficiency of those vitamins, and the symptoms of those diseases?
Does Dr Gundry's diet as explained in his recent book "The Plant Paradox" work?
Will egg whites help in getting B12?
What basic foods can a skinny person eat to add a little flesh in 3 weeks?
Do nutritionists and dietitians live longer than average lives?
If there was the same amount of protein in 10 gallons of milk and a week’s worth of a variety of food, would it make a difference what I ingested?
Do you trust the calorie counts that restaurants now provide for their dishes?
Is Trevo really the best food supplement?
Can we become a food scientist if we have studied a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
Are soaked and peeled almonds really beneficial for health or is it just a myth?
How many calories should a man burn per day?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
Does apple cider vinegar decrease bone density in women?
What are healthy foods for those with Crohn's?
What is the impact of Gold Standard whey protein on your sexual life?
How can adults obtain the essential amino acids?
What are the (UK) legal implications of writing about nutrition, supplements, and OTC meds about health online?
What vegan diet books do you highly recommend?
If a child is brought up on processed foods, including junk food, and nothing else, what would their health be like in their adult years?
Does by eating supari our intelligency gets dull?
Why do people think vitamin D can help with depression?
Can I use meal replacements? Are they reliable?
Which one is better and has no harmful side effects, whey protein or creatine?
How do I make the Protinex protein shake? (Can you answer with the procedure and ingredients?)
What are your favorite bulk herb and supplement providers?
Is vitamin B12 level of 149 pg/mL low? What are the side effects of such levels?
Why is milk known as the complete food even when it lacks iron, copper and vitamin C?
What type of foods should I take to increase the size of my testis?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
Do you eat until you feel full or do you eat until you don't feel hungry?
What is a good, simple daily health habit that has strongly improved your health?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Does isolate whey protein powder harm the kidneys and the liver? What is the maximum intake per day for a bodybuilder?
What kinds of healthy food can I prepare in advance for breakfast? I don't want a huge prep time.
Why does a small pita bread have so much calories?
What are the steps to make your metabolism work fast?
What supplement is better: English supplement or Amway supplement?
What are the nutrition facts about cheddar?
How do you choose what to eat that is healthy?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
How do I incorporate Moringa powder in my daily food?
Which is the best cheap supplement?
Is it a good idea to take vitamin C to help support the adrenals?
Will you gain weight if you eat unhealty for 1 week?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Is nausea a symptom of iron deficiency?
Why do doctors advise us not to give animal milk to children?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for meetings?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
Why can’t Indian judges and corrupt politicians eat processed food tatti instead of normal food?
If our body's rate of metabolism depends on our way of eating, then does that mean that our body's fat accumulation also depends on it?
Is it healthier to pan fry food with extra virgin olive oil or butter?
Is soy milk unhealthy?
Does tuberous sclerosis provoke a deficiency in any particular bodily vitamin?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
Does the sun provide vitamin D to us?
An iridologist told me I need to exclude gluten and dairy from my diet completely and immediately. I'm skeptical. What would you suggest?
If soy is so healthy and has plenty of protein, then why does no doctor prescribe soy chunks?
Why do we consume curd with sugar?
Do we need to consume calcium daily?
Can a food expert (nutritionist, doctor, etc.) explain why adding cream to hot green tea diminishes the nutritional value?
What are the health benefits of eating imitation crab meat?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
Why is it necessary to include flax seeds in your diet?
What should we eat for a balanced diet?
Does drinking fluids still count as eating if the drinks are deficient of any nutrition and you eat nothing besides?
What are the top five foods one should eat during pregnancy in order to care for the baby?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
How many animal nutrition factory cargill has on China?
Do obese people know just how unhealthy their diet is?
What is a good reason that vending machines should be banned from schools?
What should I eat in the morning? I am an Indian.
Will the instant oat nutrition be different if I eat it without cooking it?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What does saponification do to fat?
Is it fine to take 25,000 IU of vitamin A every day?
What is the best food to eat after sex?
How does our skin turn sunlight into vitamin D?
Should I stop drinking milk?
Does H-Mart kimchi have probiotics?
What are the five best books on diets and healthy lifestyle?
What are the best foods to enhance your haemoglobin level?
What does 24 kcal mean? What is the difference between kcal and normal calories?
Is it true that some nuts decrease testosterone?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
Doctors tell you to follow a low protein diet for uric acid, but won't that lead to muscle fatigue? Isn't protein essential?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
What are some tips for a healthy diet?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
What is the use of calcium carbide in fruits?
Are nuts/almonds/seeds a good substitute for meat as a protein source, especially if you go to the gym ?
What are discretionary calories and what are some examples?
Is mass gainer or whey protein better for bulking up?
What are the nutrients found in malunggay?
Why is sucrose a non-reducing sugar?
Are there any customs issues at the airport if you buy a protein supplement from America and take it to India?
Which is more unhealthy, bread butter or paratha sabji?
To create a protein, we need 4 protein, so how does the protein come into existence?
Does the diet plan of Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury work?
How accurate are blood tests for vitamin/mineral deficiency and what factors prevent from getting correct results?
Can we reduce weight by eating complex carbs?
What is the best way to get protein extracted from the brain?
What are healthy fruits that have vitamin D?
In food service, is it important to heat plates so that food doesn't get cold and chill glasses so that drinks don't get warm?
What is a diet plan for gaining muscle?
Has it been proven that our bodies don't process all the protein & nutrients in hybrid and GMO foods like we do with organic & conventional foods?
Is it necessary to use supplements for bulking? Additionally how much support supplements can provide?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
Where do you buy authentic protein powder in India?
Has anyone heard of Isotonix Multivitamin?
What is the scope after doing an MSc in food and nutrition?
Is there any coupon code for Ultimate whey protein from HealthKart?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
Why do protein shakes taste so bad if heated up?
How can I feed/fuel my muscles with protein without gaining weight?
What type of liver is richest in Vitamin D?
Should I take egg albumen protein for fat loss?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Can someone suggest a low-carb Indian diet?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
Is it safe to eat unhealthily for four days straight?
What are recipes of some nutritious and delicious weight gain shakes with around 700-800 calories if possible?
What are the health benefits of urad dal?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
How can you find out which fruits you personally need to eat for nutrients that you personally are lacking?
What food with the least calories can make me feel more full?
Which is the best protein supplement available?
What will happen if I eat dark chocolates every day?
Can you really eat unlimited pasta on the Slimming World diet?
What’s your daily vitamin regimen include?
Is it healthy to consume 500 grams of chicken every day?
How can I do a diet, if I like chocolate a lot?
How accurate are the calorie counts on packaging and fitness apps, when it comes to food?
Can diabetic patients use jiggery or palm tree sugar in their diet?
Food materials containing fat and oil which are left for a long time changes their taste and smell?
How do I learn to count calories if I eat regular food which don't come with calories written on it?
Why am I always hungry late at night? Does it mean that I should eat later or more to dinner?
What percent of sugar is there in honey? Can a diabetic take honey?
Is banana and milk a good combination?
What is the shiny stuff on certain meats?
What's the particular function of CDP-choline?
What are three vegetarian and non-vegetarian foods that are high in protein?
What are the health benefits of eating Quorn chicken patties?
Why is diet soda so fattening?
Can the male penis get larger with taking supplements?
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
Is it ok to take protein shakes or powder?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
What are the worst foods for skin?
What is a good vegetarian diet plan for losing weight (Indian diet plan)?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
What are the similarities between calories and kilocalories?
Glucose is a form of sugar. What is the formula of sugar? Why can’t we prove that sugar has carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen as we can with glucose?
Are food-quality crushed hemp seeds safe to eat? Do they produce negative effects?
I've been strugling to find how many calories does 100 grams of cooked basmati rice have? How much carbs does it have?
Can I eat rice with high cholesterol?
Is parma ham healthy or unhealthy?
What information do nutritional labels contain that you can use to make educated choices on your diet?
What foods on Amazon exceed 35 grams of protein per dollar?
How do I get full with a high metabolism?
Is it healthy to eat sandwiches every day as long as the ingredients are changed regularly to achieve a balanced diet?
Does it really make a difference what time of day you eat your meals?
How much does it take to start a quality supplement brand in India?
Does sugar deplete vitamins and minerals in your body?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
How are platelets able to release the plasma protein thromboplastin if they do not contain a nucleus?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
How many kilos can I lose if I eat only eggs and cabbages in a week?
What are the best nutritional supplements for osteoarthritis?
What is the protein intake for a veg. diet and a non-veg. diet?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What is the scientific name of vitamin B?
What are the highest vegan protein sources?
What is the best exercise for monster, massive shoulders? Which supplements are best?
How can I measure the calories found in a turkey neck?
How can I be more fit?
How can I stick to counting calories and not falling off the wagon to eat junk food?
Why are blueberries and blackberries so beneficial to human health?
What benefits do we get from vitamins A, B, C and D?
Do smaller cities have less selection of healthy food / fruits than big ones?
Can carbohydrate consumption before bed (<~3 hrs before) cause oversleeping?
How much is too much anti-oxidants?
How can everything on The Cheesecake Factory's menu be so high in calories, with some over 2000 calories per dish?
What protein is essential for the body?
Why are the diets of older adults often lacking in certain nutrients?
What is the importance of taking vitamins and minerals?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
What is the disadvantage of taking normal proteins, like Kabi Pro, Nephro High Protien, Horlix, or Bornvita, daily?
Is eating one time a day harmful?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
How much creatine and glutamine are included in Myprotein Impact isolate whey protein?
How do I stop eating junk food and stop thinking about food?
Why do many American children throw away the vegetables and fruits from their school lunches?
How is a green apple good to eat?
What are the nutritional values found in vegetable shortening?
What's the issue when it's hard to keep liquid and food down when I eat?
What is the difference between the determination of carbohydrate in an environmental sample and in the human body?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
What is the role of iron, calcium, zinc and phosphorus in nutrition?
Why does non-reducing sucrose become a reducing sugar when hydrolysed?
Can one eat a banana as a pre-workout meal combined with whey protein?
Whom should I consult for including a protein supplement in my diet?
What are the similarities between coenzymes and vitamins?
Did anyone buy the whey protein brand called Hilmar?
Why do bacteria grow faster in sour milk than fresh milk?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
Does Korean fermented bean paste have probiotics?
Is there any science behind eating or not eating certain food groups at certain times of the day or times of the year?
Will the calories in legumes (e.g 100g lentils) change when sprouted?
What are the benefits of not eating after 7pm?
What is the best university to study therapeutic nutrition?
What are the most trustworthy (in supplement effectiveness) vegan supplement brands?
Is a vitamin D deficiency a scam?
What is a great combination of nutrients or vitamins I can take to protect against DNA-level damage in my cells?
Is there any specific purpose of being a human being aside from eating, sleeping, earning and accumulating wealth to spend it later on basics, health and luxury? If yes, then what is it according to you?
What is the diet for a person whose serum total bilirubin is reduced from 6.1 to 1.12?
How does Vitamin A supplementation protect children?
What is the nutritional value of curd?
Which Indian food should I eat to gain weight?
Can the Master Cleanse diet ruin my metabolism?
What can I have as a substitute for fruits and vegetables (not readily available) to fulfil my daily nutrient and vitamin intake?
How can I calculate the calories in coffee with cream and sugar?
What is the best and easiest way to make liposomal vitamin C at home?
I want to start eating just bananas for lunch (about 10 per day). Is that healthy? And what will be the effect?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
Is fish meat healthier than white meat?
What are the health benefits of eating wasabi peas?
What is the ideal diet for a person with no stomach?
Is there such thing as taking too many supplements?
What vitamins are in Bovril?
How do you test food to determine its fat content?
Given the choice of beef jerky, pemmican or biltong, which would be better for long term survival?
What are the main factors affecting human nutrition?
Does cool temperature increase metabolism?
How can you describe the difference between coenzymes and vitamins?
What is the nutrient values of baby back ribs?
What would be the effects of having one Apple a day in your diet?
Is pollock a good substitute for tilapia or pangasius as a source of whitefish protein?
Did Terry Wahls have a gluten and milk allergy, hence milk and grains were removed from her diet?
Is having raw egg yolk with a glass of milk healthy?
I am vitamin D deficient and after almost a year taking vitamin D supplementation my blood levels didn't improve. What can I do?
What should be the diet for a pure vegetarian who doesn’t even eat eggs so that the person can have a body like this? Also, suggest some workout hours in the gym, if you please.
What are some proofs that USANA is better than all other brands of health supplements?
How long do anti-nutrients like Phytic Acid or Tannins stay in the digestive system after you've ingested them?
Should I buy casein?
What are some examples of extensively hydrolyzed formula brands?
What are the differences between being sugar intolerant and diabetic?
Fruit versus fruit juice, is there any difference in terms of nutrients?
Is a vitamin D3 test the same as a Vitamin D total test?
What are the health benefits of eating tuber vegetables?
Is nutrition lost when you pour out the sauce or water and rinse the food from a can of beans & any other vegetables? If so, how much?
How much does having one cheat day a week affect weight loss?
What should a daily portion of tofu look like?
What are the health benefits of ginger peels?
What should we add to low fat cow’s milk in order for it to appear to have a higher fat content than it really does, if it’s checked via a centrifugal machine?
Do customs duty applies on only protein or on all kinds of supplements?
What should be my diet plan to lose 7kg? Should I consider taking protein drinks if I work out 5 times a week?
How can banana and milk make me fat?
What will happen if somebody eat food infected with cockroaches?
How do you convert calories to kilocalories?
Is rice a junk food?
Which country has the most healthy people and what type of diet and fitness activities do the majority have?
Can Vitamin D supplements be given to children?
Will eating egg whites daily increase your cholesterol?
What should be my diet to gain 6 packs?
We have so many supplements on the market to improve health. Why can't proteins come in pill form?
How can meal replacements be used? Are they effective? Won’t I feel hungry after consuming the same?
What is the bioavailability of a vitamin in food?
Is it possible to get food poisoning from beer that sat open at room temperature for 3 days?
What are some good 2000 calorie diets?
Is radish good for renal diet?
In the East, can one feasibly live on less than $2 per day?
What is a low calorie substitute for cheese?
If lectins are bad in high amounts then do most vegan dieters eventually have gut inflammation, bone, dental, mental & autoimmune issues?
Why do some people even from Indian philosophies or in India, choose to eat food from 'outside' 'homes' by ordering?
What's the proper diet for a 17 year old male?
What do I do if I can't do low carb due to diverticulitis?
What are the long term effects of eating moringa seeds in the morning?
What type of fat does protein contain?
Is it dangerous to drink one glass of wine every night?
How do I develop a healthy meal plan?
In how many days can a vegan develop a B12 deficiency? How long does it take to recover from it?
Should I transition my 2 cats into a raw diet?
What are the heath benefits found in castor sugar?
Could you tell about cases of nutrient deficiency in your life or someone's you know?
What is the link between a healthy diet and a healthy skin?
Does the Paleo diet live up to the hype?
How can I measure the calories in Crunchy Nut cornflakes?
What are the sources of good fats for a healthy diet? What are some good fats or bad fats?
Is the idea of fun amongst youth only limited to having alcohol over junk food whilst blaring music is being played?
Does fermenting a vegetable make it carbohydrate-free?
What are these brown spots and the yellow goop in the duodenum section of the small intestine?
Is it ok to have heavy food while sick?
How much porridge should we eat daily?
What 3 foods, if eaten exclusively, will give your body the best nutrition?
When losing weight, do I look at the sugar, the carbohydrates, or the calories?
What types of food can I eat when I have gastritis? What would it make better?
Other than peanut butter, what are some good, healthy, simple protein snacks that someone lacking teeth can eat?
Can you survive well on a mostly protein-based diet with no sugar & no fat? How will it affect you over the long term?
Is it a good idea to eat 3 hard boiled eggs (as a source of protein) everyday to lose weight?
Where can I get whole grain rice in Mumbai?
Is there scientific evidence that eating a high-carb, low-fat diet is unhealthy or healthy? What about a low-carb, high-fat diet and other variations?
Can B12 deficiency cause leg pain?
What do the percentages by vitamins mean on nutrition labels?
What is the best source of Vitamin B12 for a vegan?
What's the relationship between nutrition and depression?
How can someone differenciate the roles of a registered Dietitian and a Nutritionist?
What is a healthy food that is regarded as unhealthy?
What are the foods or fruits that can supplement strong sperm in man?
How I get to know what should I eat daily so that I get all essential nutrients in my diet?
Will you gain weight on a diet?
Are the chicken livers healthy to eat?
Why does most of the food products contains more carbohydrates?
Is it easier to stick to a tough weight loss programme by not eating at all, or is it easier eating small amounts of low-calorie foods like fruit, etc.?
How do people like Matt Stonie maintain their weight even after eating junk food in huge proportions on a regular basis?
How can I possibly consume 200 grams of protein while cutting?
How could I eat 2600 calories a day?
How can I not work hard on not getting fluffy, aka fat?
How much bleach should I consume daily?
What will the American diet look like in the future?
Will my body still digest leafy vegetables if made into a shake?
What are the best examples of tasty food made more healthier in the simplest methods?
In how many days does normal protein reach the muscles?
What advice would you give to a person who has to feast on an expensive buffet the next day? What are any tips and tricks to consume the maximum amount of food?
How do you create a 1000 calorie vegan meal plan?
Should I eat my fruits after meals or before meals?
Why is the trend of having a protein-rich diet increased in normal day-to-day life?
Are there any food supplements or foods to help with mental focus that work?
What should I eat before running, to get energy?
How can I estimate protein concentration in unknown powder?
What are some examples of organic nutrients?
Is ham an unhealthy food?
What is the best way to reduce the calories in laksa?
How come Koreans eat so much and not gain weight?
Can I lose body fat by eating salads as my main meal 3 times a day along with regular cardio and not eating junk/fattening foods?
What are the vitamins that a 40 year old woman needs?
What supplements can you take for thalassemia minor?
Has nutrition science proven that antinutrients significantly prevent the vitamins of beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds from being absorbed?
Is it morally right to drink cow/buffalo milk? I was told that in most cases they are forced to mate with their male counterpart.
How many calories do you burn in 1 km?
What would be the best alternative (with a similar nutritional profile) to cow's milk for someone who suffers from IBS-C and is trying to gain muscle?
Does Faasos provide junk food?
If there are 35 calories per 100 ml in a juice, how many calories are there in 500ml of that same juice?
When making sauerkraut, do the ingredients need to be measured and weighed exactly?
What diet and what exercise should a person with a BMI of 32.74 do?
Do you have to eat a large quantity of food in a mukbang?
What is BodyKey?
Is it healthy to eat one big meal a day?
What are the benefits of taking fiber supplements during pregnancy?
Does slow cooking retain vitamins better than fast cooking?
The diet of the Inuit people is seal, caribou, whale, etc. How do they not get nutrients from fruit and vegetables and not get sick?
What are the dangers of speeding up your metabolism with pills?
Is there a site/database that links nutrition to diseases and prevention?
What are the sources to get vitamin D on vegetarian diet?
Is it true that the morning sun gives us vitamin D?
Which is the best time for taking both whey protein and creatine on the same day?
Can pregnant women drink rose milk?
How can I lose a lot of weight quickly when I can't go to a gym or run and all that is available for me to eat is unhealthy junk food?
What impact does having too much sugar have on the body? Will I lose weight by removing it from my diet?
Do recovering anorexics require more calories to gain weight than 'normal' people?
How do I make sure I'm not slowly losing muscle mass because of over-exercise and a 2000-to-2500-calories-a-day diet?
Is vajrasana beneficial on both full and empty stomach?
What are some great books or websites about nutrition and weight loss?
Does lack of Vitamin D result in depression?
What are the nutritional benefits found in white lightning sangria?
How many scoops of whey protein to take on a keto diet?
What will happen to my body, if I start to take BCAA as my only supplement?
What happens if I don’t eat for a day?
How do I control my diet, but not to harm my body?
What type of ADR is a haemolytic crisis in a Glucose-6-Phosphate deficiency?
What is your opinion on protein powder?
How do I do easy carbohydrate counting?
Is VDR Taq dependent on how much Vitamin D you have at the current time or is it the receptor?
What does protein do to our body?
Do potatoes have more fat than sugar?
What are the nutritional benefits found in chicken katsu?
Will it be possible to create food artificially from the required things (soil nutrients, sunlight and air) by mixing in right proportion?
Can creatine and whey protein be taken at the same time?
How many avocados can you eat before it becomes bad fat?
Does B12 prevent dementia? What about with the addition of folic acid?
Does dietary potassium pose a cardiovascular risk?
Can you live a healthy life by eating only a bowl of salad and fish/eggs for all 3 meals everyday?
Why are antioxidants no longer considered so healthy as it was previously thought?
Do our bodies absorb nutrients better when there is less "junk food" in our system? If so, how?
How can I calculate the calories in a whole wheat bagel with cream cheese?
What kind of food do you eat at work?
Why is celery considered a good source of fiber?
I'm 20. How can I go from 5 ft 9 to 6 ft 1?
How can I get 0.4 mg of the recommended folic acid from natural (not fortified) foods alone?
Why are avocado and olive oil considered healthy fats?
Why does my stomach bloat for 3 to 4 hours after I eat but goes back to normal after I excrete?
Why is Progenex Whey Protein Isolate not sold in India?
What are all the benefits of drinking Manna Health Mix during pregnancy?
How many carbohydrates do noodles have?
Are there food safety issues to using MDM (mechanically deboned meat) of chicken, turkey, or pork in processed meat applications?
Which tablets are the best ones for Omega 3?
Do negative calorie foods like kale, apples and cucumbers still offer benefits when juiced?
Can anyone help me with swimming diet for pre & post?
Why is protein so important in weight loss?
What is the double meaning of vitamin C?
How can your health benefit from Paleo diet plan?
How many carb in one chapati?
How severely does going on the Paleo diet affect one's ability to eat out socially with friends?
Which is the best junk food?
Does your body produce more sugar if you think too much?
What are the health benefits of eating kabocha squash?
Can pregnant women eat potato chips?
Can resistance exercise be hypothesized as possible internal protein (or maybe calorie) restriction mimetic?
What are the top foods and intakes for better mental development and function?
What is the scope of the M.Sc. in nutrition science?
What are your thoughts on the theory that the digestive system only absorbs around 70 grams of proteins per couple of hours (around 2-4)?
What is the formula to find out how much protein to eat for one’s body weight?
What is a professional for brain nutrition called?
Does fruit that is highly flavorful have a higher nutritional content than fruit that has very little flavor?
What do I do about someone who causes you to have an unhealthy relationship with food?
Is there any food that contains vitamin E or supplements which can help you to get better sleep?
Can I eat, or should I leave, the decoration’s vegetables on my dish at restaurants?
Are there any nutrients, minerals, or proteins our body gets indirectly (like from the air or sunlight) other than from food?
How does one transition into eating two meals per day and exercising again without screwing up their metabolism?
Why do Indians eat such a high percentage of carbs?
Is baking powder unhealthy or shouldn't I worry?
How do the types of calories compare and contrast?
What are the components in B12?
Is taking a multivitamin worth the risks?
Why is white sugar not good for your health?
Where do I buy Optimum Nutrition Pro Gainer in Delhi?
How can I measure the calories in a roast potato?
Which kingdom has the maximum nutritional diversity?
How many meals did ancient Romans eat per day, and did the timing of the meals correspond with modern mealtimes?
What does a 75% fat, 20% protein, and 5% carb diet look like?
How is HDL good cholesterol and how is LDL bad?
Are fully-cooked breakfast sandwiches in cellophane wrap that are warmed up to 200F-225F safe for consumption?
Is a 15 km walk per day enough to lose a stone (14 pounds or 6.35 kg.) in 6 weeks, along with a good diet?
Do modern human diets lack collagen (gelatin)?
Do potatoes contain Vitamin C?
Should I eat protein while hiking?
Should a 17-year-old follow a ketogenic diet?
How much healthier is pasteurized vegetable juice compared to raw juice?
What kinds of nutrients does a muscle need to repair after a workout and to get bigger?
Me and my wife are vegetarians and in middle 30's. We always feel tired and lack of energy What is the best vegetarian diet to improve overall health?
Is it true that you can live quite a long time on a diet of just sugar (energy), water (hydration) and a little protein (to feed muscles)?
Where can I find and read scientific researches about nutrition so I am properly informed?
Is it possible to grow enough greens at home to be able to consume a pound of them daily?
What is the best nutrition plan for faster recovery of broken legs?
Does a deficiency of hemoglobin make the body dry, and how can one overcome the deficiency?
They say fiber is good for you. But we know that fiber is not digested by the human body. What's the benefit?
If you are on the Keto diet, can you tell me the success you've had with it?
What are the vitamins found in corn?
What would happen if I ate half as many calories as optimum every day for 3 years?
What happens when protein powder is mixed with hot milk?
Is there a cracker type product available that uses protein and fat but with no carbohydrate?
Can I take a multi-vitamin supplement (e.g. Revital, NUTRILITE Daily, Riconia G) without consulting a doctor?
Which diet is the perfect diet for longevity and health: veganism, vegeterianism, or omnivorous?
Is vitamin D3 derived from lichens, at 1000 IU/25 mcg, safe to take once a day?
What led to invention of sugar?
Is a ketogenic diet safe for a teenage girl who needs to lose weight fast?
What is the best omega 3 fish oil supplement?
How do I put on weight? Do I need protein, carbs, fat, or orange juice?
Is milk kefir good or bad for eczema?
Would a meticulous diet devoid of carbohydrates prevent calculus buildup?
How can I achieve this Keto diet goal?
What are the sources of protein for bodybuilding?
What is the best protein for vegan to grow muscles?
Can having a diet high in cholesterol cause your liver to atrophy?
Do Phenocal diet pills work?
Is there a free online tool to figure out what nutrients are missing from my diet?
Is it worth it to blend or eat food in its natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, vitamin, mineral gain and variety) regardless of time?
Why do we plateau when dieting? Is that maybe just the size and shape that is right for us?
Can somebody recommend a top-notch dietician/nutritionist in Dubai that can help me lower bad cholesterol levels?
What increases and what decreases the antioxidant power of foods?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for a month?
When you cook cauliflower and/or broccoli do they lose any nutritional value?
Which vitamin is said to be vitamin M?
What is an example of a diet containing every nutrient a human needs?
What are the health benefits of lime cordial?
Why does eating sugary foods cause me to binge eat? I don't restrict any type of food, and I can't control my sugar intake once I start.
Why is there so much apprehension towards raw beets?
Is consumption of whey protein allowed for Olympic players?
What are macronutrients and why are they called macronutrients?
What would happen if I only ate chicken, broccoli and brown rice for every meal?
How important is proteins for persons in 70s?
Is grain free cat food better than with grain?
What is the best calorie deficit per day for maximum weight loss?
I used to eat a lot but I was in a good shape. But I started to get fat and got love handles after I started to work out. Why?
Why, in the nutritional supplements industry, are there hundreds of account manager job postings and less than 10 in R&D in the entire continent?
In a diet for breastfeeding mothers, why should it be double nutritious?
Why is it that only after I eat something very sweet or very oily I feel full?
Which are some good supplements for skin?
How dangerous is sugar intake for kids?
Is rice pudding fattening?
Are there any supplements which help in PMS?
Is Amway XS whey protein good or bad?
What are the main risks of vitamin D deficiency?
What kind of healthier foods can I eat at Doughnut Inn?
Is it good to take protein powder on a regular basis?
What are the consequences of eating overnight food and why?
Can someone absorb vitamins through toothpaste?
What should we eat after 40 to remain healthy?
If I leave my protein shake in the freezer, and it freezes, will it lose any of its nutritional value?
Can our body adapt to higher calorie intake without weight gain?
What are the perfect diets for a soccer player?
Could I split a Natrol Biotin 10,000 mcg capsule in half to get 5000 mcg only per day, or won't it be effective?
Does cooking/heating up canned, bottled, or fresh fish lead to omega-3s & overall nutrients being lost? If so, how much is lost & how long should I cook the fish?
I can't seem to stay on any diet. I really feel like I'm just not strong enough to keep up with the change. How can I diet successfully?
What is the best Indian diet plan to follow after an angioplasty?
What is a nutrition epidemiologist, and is this a good career?
Can Vitamin D deficiency cause acne and Endometriosis?
What is the way to soften red kidney beans without losing their nutritional value?
What is the full day Indian diet plan for weight gain?
Why don't high proteins diets work?
What are the best 5 vitamins / supplements to take for a longer life?
Are you familiar with the FODMAP diet? Can you point me to a website that explains this diet?
Does impact whey protein make u bulky or does it help to lose weight?
What are the health benefits of lime and honey?
What are some tasty, healthy snacks?
A food safety trainer told me that the movement of shaking a bottle of Yakult before drinking will kill the good bacteria in the drink. Really?
Do magnesium malate supplements have an expiration date?
What food controls cholesterol?
How much of the nutrients from beans, legumes, nuts, seeds, and grains are lost when they are soaked, sprouted, and/or fermented?
How can I plan to live past 100 and still be physically fit and feel young?
What is the relation between health and healthier environment?
What is nutritional?
What are the effects of nutrition, inbreeding and hybridization?
How do I apply vitamin C serum?
If my BMR is 1599 and I burn 600 calories a day and eat 1500, will I lose fat?
Why is ricotta cheese considered fattening?
How do we remove bad cholesterol and quickly increase good cholesterol?
How do carnivores such as lions get enough nutrients given that they lack a balanced diet since they don't eat vegetables?
Is peanut good for diet?
What are the side effects if vitamin B12 is low in the body?
Is the current officially-accepted view of nutrition wrong?
Why is it considered unhealthy to reheat spinach?
Will I get fat binging on healthy foods?
How can I increase my protein intake without relying on supplements?
What is a keto diet for vegetarians?
Does drinking milk over fish cause white patches?
What supplement should I take to give me energy and a godly erection?
What vitamins are important for the retina? What foods can supply those vitamins?
What is the difference between refined and unrefined sugars?
What will happen if I keep eating coconut and wheat bread along with drinking milk every morning for a month or 2?
What happens with too much nitrogen in the body?
How can I go for a balanced diet after being in a restricted diet of around 800 calories per day, without gaining back my weight?
What is a balanced diet for swimming?
How did the people in India drank milk before the discovery of Pasteurisation?
What would happen if I eat maintenance calories on a test cyle?
What is actor Jeetendra's diet?
What is a good bodybuilding program and diet for me?
If the recommended daily sugar intake is 37.5g, does that mean you can only have two bananas and one apple a day?
If foods rich in protein come along with carbs more than protein, then how can I eat more protein than carbs?
What would happen if you ate a calorie-appropriate amount of pizza every day, with no more than 6 fixed toppings, for the rest of your life?
What are the benefits of citrus juices?
What supplements for increased mental capacity actually work?
What happens if I eat 5 egg yolks daily?
What are some healthy snacks that can be consumed at the workplace easily?
Does the Japanese deep breath diet really work?
Should I take my 7-year-old Shih Tzu to the vet because she didn't eat anything all day yesterday?
What is the nutritional difference between black and brown dates?
If someone switched to a voracious diet rich with lean meat (in addition to vegetables and fruit), would the body build muscle more liberally?
How does scaffolding enhance metabolic actitivity?
Can you die from a spice overload?
Which foods are rich in hemoglobin?
What are the pros and cons of fruit and vegetables only diet?
What are some easy chicken based recipes to get protein?
What are the benefits of eating litchi fruit during pregnancy?
Which food should men avoid?
Is taking protein powder after workout good for health?
What is your favorite kind of leafy vegetable?
What are the best sources of selenium in natural foods?
What is some good food for a student to eat?
What are the bad sides of eating too much seaweed?
What are the dangers of eating mayonnaise during pregnancy?
What should a long jumper eat?
What would happen if you literally burned off every calorie you consumed each day?
I have an allergic reaction to dairy products and high glycemic foods. I don't want to avoid these foods. Where and how can I get treatment?
What is the best Magnesium Supplement to take for better absorption and quality?
How can I build my muscle naturally? Is there a recipe for making protein powder?
Does malnutrition from ages 15-25 cause permanent brain damage or a decrease in IQ?
What is the best diet for muscle gain that won’t cost a lot of money?
Does cow milk contain vitamin C?
What's the point on making healthier food?
What are the characteristics of calcium?
What are the health benefits of eating Nature Valley granola bars?
What do I eat if I want to avoid foods made using chemical processes?
How possible is it to ever design a machine that can live off of foods that humans eat for a constant supply of energy?
How much fat does pizza contain?
If I eat once a day, what will be the best time to eat?
What are the important Sources of Calcium for Women's Bone Health?
What is Dr. Nazarian’s diet menu plan?
How would switching from a high carb diet to a cyclic ketogenic affect one's performance in strongman and powerlifting competitions?
What is a diet plan for reducing weight?
What are the main benefits of hemp protein powder?
Can a person ever completely recover from extreme emaciation?
How much junk food do you consume on a daily basis?
What are the best foods to cure thalassemia minor in adults?
How do I commit to eating healthy and ignore negative comments?
Has anyone tried Vitamin D supplementation to cure Keratoconus?
What nutritional deficiencies could occur if you only ate chicken, broccoli, rice, and oatmeal?
How can a herbivore have protein in his/her meat while they eat plants?
What is an oriental herbal nutrient?
How can I switch to low-carb diet when all food I know of, has carbs?
What is your favorite kind of green vegetable?
How can I measure the amount of calories in Fruitella?
Which is the best protein or supplement to build muscle and size?
What information can I get about protein supplements?
Is it true that most C and B vitamins are destroyed during cooking?
What should the diet plan be for a thin boy who just started at the gym?
Why is salt considered important in your diet?
Is Ensure a good post-workout drink?
Why is processed ham bad for you?
Why is rice milk good for babies?
Is it enough to eat overnight soaked 8-10 almonds and 20-25 raisins only in breakfast?
How much time gap is required for eating red meat after drinking a glass of protein shake?
Is there any relationship between GMO foods and increased allergies?
Can you become dependent on vitamin supplements?
What type of diet should I take to get more muscular mass? And how?
If cats are meat eaters, how do they get their vitamin C, or do they need it?
I have heard that some sugars, such as those in honey, are more healthful than others. What sugars are in honey?
Which mushrooms have the most protein?
How can we increase dietary fiber intake?
What if we could not convert complex sugar in simple sugars? What will happen?
What is the process of fat consumption? If I workout a lot and take whey along with that, will it burn my stored fat first or the protein which I took?
What is in vitamin G?
Is it theoretically feasible to create a full protein out of fauna in the way mammals make milk out of it?
A nutritionist told me weight loss is 98% diet and 2% exercise. Is there truth to the nutritionist's percentages or is it wrong?
What's a simple and affordable diet?
What happens if you have too much unsaturated fat?
What should I eat at 1 AM at night with all of the shops closed and no stuff to eat?
Can Sangobion be given together with calcium?
What is MSM metabolism?
Where is protein digestion accomplished? (AIIMS 1996)
How do I manage to eat healthy and get healthy as a teenager?
What should I eat for breakfast? I'm very fussy about food and therefore deficient in nutrients.
Is eating milk powder injurious to one’s health? Does powdered milk really have oxidised cholesterol in it?
What are the nutritional benefits found in Apple juice and vodka?
What kind of food can easily be cooked early in the morning which doesn't cause acidity?
I am 22 years old and weigh 59 kg. How can I use whey protein in the best way?
Why does the Percent Daily Value sometimes remain the same while the amount of grams changes?
My goals are to eat healthfully and prolong my life. What about you?
How accurate is the calorie counter on Apple Watch?
What is the quality of chapati that’s made by a chapati making machine?
What is the meaning of plant and animal nutrition?
What would be an online service one could provide that can help busy entrepreneurs get into shape (mentally & physically)?
How would a horny pony shake its body?
What are the different types of carbs and in what ratio should I consume them approximately?
What are the nutritional benefits of sardines?
What happens immediately when a diabetic eats too much sugar?
What are the side effects of having 2% of fat in my protein shake?
What is the nutrition value of chicken fingers?
Could too much saturated fat make you throw up?
Why am I not losing weight when I'm on a diet of 1,200 calories, eating produce, whole grains, lean protein, etc.?
What does unrefined sugar look like?
Are there health benefits of chocolate or cacao?
What are the health benefits of eating chocolate?
How do I achieve a sustained calorie deficit?
Can I have both whey protein and creatine on the same day? Will it cause any negative/ill effects?
Is protein powder a necessity in working out?
How can you effectively speed up cooking time of vegetables while maintaining or preserving it's nutrients?
Is raw unpasteurized milk the best milk for my family?
Can drinking a whey protein shake thrice a week affect your menstruation cycle?
Can vitamin C help with abortion at any months?
Is it viable to extract sugar from soya beans, similar to the way sugar is extracted from corn?
Does the average Westerner accumulate red meat in their intestines which they can't pass?
Why is Vitamin A important for us?
What should I eat if I'm doing workout?
How much protein, carbs, calories, and fiber do I need to gain 1kg per week?
How do they decide recommended daily percentage, with people of different size and metabolism?
Why do we have to eat different foods all the time but don't have to drink different drinks all the time?
What are some merits and demerits of asparagus?
What is the best diet for a woman suffering from PCOS?
Does mixing egg with milk help to increase a person’s height?
What are some unconventional careers related to nutrition?
What are some techniques to improve one's attention?
How do I stop craving carbs?
What diet plan/lifestyle should you follow if you have a slow metabolism?
What are the foods to eat for becoming energetic?
What vitamin deficiency do you have if your legs hurt, even while sleeping?
What are some ways to slow down your metabolism and gain weight?
Why do we have to feed dry food to the dogs? Why can’t we feed the dogs healthy cooking without salt?
What are the benefits of urad dal for our skin, hair, and health?
How can I check how much blockage I have in order to check my heart’s status as I daily consume a lot of butter?
Can you eat French fries every day if you exercise and are fit?
How have psychedelics and/or meditation improved your life?
In fitness, does the term 'calories' refer to small calories(cal) or large calories (kcal)? For eg, "you must take in 5000 calories per day."
Why is there more protein in dried peas than in fresh green peas?
Can we use Yogurt bacteria to convert fruit sugar into acid?
I have a 14 months son. How many dates can he eat a day?
Is it bad I only hydrate right before my workout?
What is best diet to improve the body’s metabolism?
Are sugar-free raw chocolates best for your health?
What are the healthiest peppers?
How many times can you eat junk food in one month?
Which is more nutritious, eggs or fish?
Are vitamin A and vitamin E both necessary for the eye’s retina?
What Are The Different types of Protein powder?
How should a basketball player (or any other explosive athlete) prepare for a game nutrition wise?
Does soaking/sprouting release the majority of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts & seeds, making them useless for nutritional needs?
What are some of the best foods to lose weight?
Can you still build strength on a caloric deficit?
How can you convert fat to calories, and what are some examples?
Is it true that eating dal at night affects our legs?
What are the best low-carb foods to lose weight?
What happens if I cut down all sulphur in my diet?
What would likely happen to me if I were to eat 86 Peeps in one sitting?
In what form of energy does oxygen transforms the food that we eat?
How much food should one eat to live forever?
Which diet program can cause jaundice?
Why is a tender coconut (coconut water) more expensive than a coconut?
Why can't I lose weight even though I am on a 900 calorie, high-protein diet?
What is a daily diet I should follow for fast weight loss?
How is 18% body fat different for a 50-year-old and a 31-year-old?
How do I calculate macros and calories?
What're the best methods for men over 50 to boost their metabolism?
Is there a way to know how many calories are in food just by looking at it? I'm working on a diet, so it will be very helpful.
What are some foods with iron and zinc?
What type of diet should I take to avoid the formation of stones? Can I get a proper diet plan?
Do most people have too much iron, and therefore do not need to supplement with it?
How can I speed up my metabolism when I cannot be active due to multiple chronic illnesses? I am unable to eat much at all, which is part of the problem.
Is avocado toast healthy?
How do you make sugar out of sugar beets?
How are the calories found in dried pasta measured?
What are the best foods to eat while on chemotherapy?
Does chickpeas contain fat?
What are healthy ways to reduce your intake of saturated fat and cholesterol?
What are the best supplements for someone naturally skinny and doing hypertrophy work outs?
How do people, who are on a very low fat diet, get enough fat-soluble vitamins into their system?
Is excessive added sugar a sign that the food industry is cooperating with the sugar industry to handle the sugar surplus?
Is it unhealthy to eat 2 mozzarellas (125 g/unit) a day?
How many days after I change my diet should I get a blood test to see its impact to cholesterol, HDL and LDL?
Should I take whey protein or any other protein supplements?
How many calories are there in a meal of two Idlis and one cup of Sambar?
What is the role of omega-3 in sperm production and quality?
Which food helps in getting vascularity?
How do I to burn the carbohydrate?
Is Nestea Zero (sugar-free) healthy?
Where do I find the biggest studies on vitamin D?
How much does a vitamin shop make?
What happens if you go on an only-fat diet (that means: oils, butter, very little carbs (under 10 grams), and almost no protein)?
What is the most healthy food that people eat regularly?
What is the nutritional difference between black & yellow grapes?
What are the risks of eating off a moldy surface?
Does the ratio of ounces (i.e.: beans to quinoa/rice) determine how much of the incomplete proteins will be absorbed as complete proteins?
What are some strategies to gain weight without eating unhealthy food?
How long can a person live if he eats only one meal a day?
Which is a healthier option for a light snack after almost 6 hours of fasting, an apple or a handful of salted peanuts?
Why does a cheese string have so much calories?
Are synthetic vitamins and minerals healthy or damaging?
What foods have the highest content of saturated fat?
Are there any health consequences caused by drinking a lot of tea?
Does the nutritional value of freshly cooked vegetables like pulse, cabbage, beans, etc., remain the same after 12 hours of refrigeration?
What are the health benefits of truffle oil?
What is a 3-week diet plan?
What are the health benefits of eating Planter Peanuts?
Will I notice a difference when taking vitamin supplements?
What are some examples of juices with low sugar?
After eating carbohydrates, how does the feedback system control glucose?
Why is lemon water/green tea causing me to break out?
Which food contains high vitamin c?
Is there any disadvantage in taking protein powder to the gym for a guy?
How much kale do you eat per day?
What can I munch in the night after 9 without the fear of gaining calories?
What is healthy food for a boy who goes to the gym?
I spent 1 year taking vitamin D, and my last blood test didn't detect an increase in my D levels. Do supplements work at all?
Which online site sells the original whey protein in India?
How can we check milk’s purity with a lactometer?
What vitamin can you get in carrots?
Is lactose bad/harmful for infants who are allergic to milk protein?
What fruits should I eat for a kidney infection?
Is flaxseed expensive?
Is whey protein a scam?
How can a naturally skinny person put on some weight?
How many calories a day should I eat if am a 5' 4" female and am too sick and disabled to exercise much?
Is it bad to lose half a pound to 1 pound per day while doing intermittent fasting?
Is chewing junk food 32 times beneficial or harmful for our health?
If food is sprayed a lot, is that bad for your digestive health?
Is variety in a diet for your health or your sanity?
How much skin must be exposed to the sun and for how long to produce appreciable amounts of vitamin D?
How does the Animal Stak supplement compare to the Animal M-Stak supplement?
Is there any real science supporting the "gluten prevents the absorption of nutrients"?
Why are sugar substitutes considered bad for you?
What would happen if I go on a protein-shake only diet for a month?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding for a complete day?
What kind of disease it is when you can't eat carbohydrates?
Is drinking Boost the same as taking a multi vitamin?
Does eating fast food cause malnutrition or obesity?
How much protein does the body require if you do a daily heavy workout?
Why do some parents give their children junk food after they refuse a main meal?
How many people's worth of nutrition can be derived per hectare of arable Class 1 soil, developed intelligently and with plentiful water?
If food was priced by its calories, would most of us be healthy or malnourished?
What diet helps Alzhiemer’s?
What kind of recipes won't work if you substitute lactose free milk in place of real milk?
What are the most essential vitamins for optimum wellness?
Which is the best packed milk in terms of calcium content and other nutrients?
What kind of food should we eat to be healthy?
What is the best way to remove an old leg scar?
Why does the FDA say artificial sweeteners are healthy to eat?
Are pickled beets carbohydrate free?
Why don’t you need magnesium as part of your daily nutrition?
If water doesn't have any calories, then how does green tea have 2 calories?
Is it possible to lose body weight on a zero-carb, almost zero-protein diet? That means you only eat fat.
Is it okay to eat fried food every day while reducing body fat but keeping track of macros in a calorie deficit?
What foods are high in protein and best to eat to build muscle?
What are the benefits of eating raw carrots every day?
What are the nutritional benefits found in rara chicken?
How do I gain 20 kgs weight being 23 years old and height of 5'11? I'm pure vegan and wouldn't take any animal based food also like milk and eggs.
Why do we need BCAA during work out to when protein is tertiary source of energy after carbs and fat?
What are the final product of Carbohydrates proteins and fats after their digestion?
Would a glass of pure fruit and/or vegetable juice each day be more beneficial than taking a supplement?
What are some medicines that will increase my hunger towards food and of course increase my digestive power?
Is it incorrect if I am taking protein entirely from protein supplements and not from other sources?
What is the best one-meal diet plan for weight loss?
What nutrients is there in corn?
What is it like to consume any naturally available specific item internally or externally for a long or short time, in order to see the benefits that they give your body?
What's the best healthy snack you can get?
What's the best way to increase vitamin D in the body since I am facing a vitamin D deficiency problem?
Does yogurt contain cholesterol?
Is there a site about the latest nutrition research which is similar to www.nutritionfacts.org (or with even shorter texts)?
What is the food that increases blood in the body? Suggest some healthy foods.
Will I go into starvation mode and stop losing weight on a 1000 per day calorie diet?
What is considered a healthy diet for a 5 lb chihuahua?
What are the main functions of vitamins A, B, C and D in our organism?
What is a good diet to get a shredded body?
How do you wait in between meals?
Which whey protein is good and original for a decent amount?
How are citrus fruits good for your health?
What are the benefits of nutrition and fitness?
Can I eat cold stuff on my period?
Why can't humans meet 100% of their essential fatty acid needs (omega 3 oil) from alpha-linolenic acid (flax oil)?
How can I stop feeling hungry on a liquid diet?
Where can I buy 100% natural multivitamin supplements in India?
Should I take whey protein 10 minutes before workout?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in chocolate coins?
How much does it take to start a supplement brand in India?
What happens to your body when you don't eat for a few days?
Why do natural (cooked) meat juices keep more or less indefinitely under a layer of fat in the fridge?
What are the health benefits of eating Mac 'n cheese from the microwave?
Are starchy foods carcinogenic? Also, is a high carb diet linked to increase of diseases like cancer?
What are the health benefits of eating chironji?
What is the best diet suitable for a girl who is 11 stone?
Does taking protein powders for a long period of time (say 20 years) have any adverse effects?
How broad is the list of foods that one expert or another says we shouldn't eat?
How can I measure the amount of calories in a Publix rotisserie chicken?
Which protein supplement is best for height?
Which brand of whey protein has more than 80% protein in India?
When you recover from an eating disorder, does your body change when you gain weight?
Is the sugar from red bean paste healthier than other forms of sugar?
How many nutrients do men lose in one masturbation?
Is it possible to have too much fiber?
Why is it so important to treat yourself when on a diet?
What are the best supplements to gain mass?
Can iron supplements damage the GI tract of a three year old?
Does vitamin C in vegetable soup get destroyed or dissolved into the water?
Will indigestion be cured by eating papaya every day?
What are the effects of an all bean diet?
Are 'extra' carbohydrates stored as saturated or unsaturated fats?
Is 1700 calories a day too little?
Which food contains high carbs with low fat and low fructose?
What is the mode of nutrition in animals?
Can anyone send me a detox plan, like a week’s plan of what to eat?
Why do so many foodstuffs contain wheat?
The fitness gyms prefer whey protein for fast-growing muscles. Is it good to use whey protein? If so, then which brand?
How do you know if you eat enough nutrients?
How is a substantial calorie deficit possible?
Today I binge ate 4,000 calories of only pastries. Will I catch cancer?
Does IBS have any serious effects on your health? I see some food particles in my bowel movements. Does IBS prevent you from digesting food?
How is calcium regulated by osteocytes in bones?
How do I stop eating junk food and lose fat?
What can happen if I survive on a diet of carbohydrate, meat, fish and egg, with no vegetable or fruits?
Is it possible to lose weight by eating a low carb intake in the diet but a little more than the limit to avoid going into Keto?
What are the biotin included foods that I should take?
Are the nutrients in compost lost after being burnt?
What is the best vegetarian Indian diet for losing body fat?
Is it good to drink evaporated milk three times daily?
What is the maximum amount of calories a human can theoretically eat per day?
Is it proven that plant-based diets like veganism contribute to strong bones, low disease & so on? Why don't most athletes use plant-based diets?
As regard to diet, what should be a daily intake in order to prevent cardiovascular diseases?
Is it benificial to consume wheatgrass juice during pregnancy?
What is the best diet plan one should follow to stay fit always?
What are the symptoms of B12 deficiency?
What are 5 ways to stop cheating on your diet?
What would be the consequences to bone health if there was a lack of either calcium or Vitamin D in the body?
How do you prepare your lentils before eating them?
Which food is good for health in children?
What is the effect of eating a lot of salt?
How do I avoid eating carbs when carbs are so readily available, and I have impulse-control problems?
What is the best green drink powder in the market?
What are some good brands of vitamins?
What is a diet chart for hyperthyroidism patients to be healthy?
Is a simple whey protein shake of just whey and almond milk sufficient as a meal replacement for lunch?
How do we digest cow milk?
Is it rude to bring “outside food” into a food place if most of your friends are actually eating there?
How many calories should I eat for each meal and snack?
Is direct sunlight necessary for the synthesis of vitamin D in the human body?
Is 2 plums and Cheerios with milk a healthy breakfast?
How do I commit to a diet, when eating and my happiness are so closely linked?
How many Calories (kcal) does the brain need to function properly?
Am I eating too many carbs?
Why do I get food comas after lunch but not after dinner, despite eating the same amount?
What would happen if we consume whey protein irregularly?
What am I supposed to eat after a workout when I am on a diet?
What are the major health benefits of avocado oil?
Why is butter considered bad for you?
Should I choose UIUC, Wisconsin Madison or UC Davis for Food Science and Nutrition?
What happens when I consume 2000 mg of calcium daily?
How long do vitamins stay in the body?
What does the Benjamin Diet look like?
What are the methods to gain weight with whey protein without side effects (vegetarian food)?
What are vitamins and minerals good for?
Is it healthy to eat watermelon?
How did humans survive before discovering the need to cook meat and soak & sprout most plant foods to avoid parasites & properly digest food?
What is the nutritional value found in Pizza Hut's breadstick?
Why are Shaklee vitamins better than other vitamins?
What's the most nutritious diet for avoiding bread and sugar?
Is whey protein heart healthy?
What are the syllabus, topics, practicals, projects, etc., for a BSc in food and nutrition?
Has anyone ever gone “cold turkey” in order to be completely sugar-free? I want to try and stop the cravings.
What are the 10 cheapest meals which can be added to our daily balanced diet?
If you use probiotics for digestion problems, should you eat before OR after your meal?
Are bananas good for you, bad, or somewhere in between?
Which whey protein should I use for gaining muscle and weight? I am from Pune.
Is it good for a lady to take sugary food or drinks?
Is it healthy to drink Appy every day?
Why are so many harmful substances allowed in most of America's food and water?
How long will take it me to get used to a lower calorie intake diet?
Which is the healthiest and safest alternate to sugar?
Is there a scientific way to detect the presence of buffalo milk in cow’s milk or buffalo milk in goat’s milk? Fat content can be easily manipulated.
Who are some mental health professionals with a strong background in nutrition?
What are healthy foods to eat during pregnancy?
Which food supplements should everybody take?
What are the health benefits of eating raw meat?
Why is the rate of response with parenteral iron not faster than oral?
How do they get fresh meat into dry pet food biscuits?
Are broiler chickens healthy to eat?
How can I improve my diet in a lasting way?
What would happen if you only consumed 2 spoonfuls of peanut butter per day then burned those cals off?
How can I eat healthy on a budget?
If the digestive system filters out waste and what we don't need, then why can't we eat whatever we want?
Do we need to eat protein rich food even when you are taking protein powder?
What are the risks of eating orange foods?
What are the benefits of refreezing defrosted meat?
If we have protein supplements available, why do many still prepare their protein diet?
Is there any side effect of a balanced diet?
Can I allow myself to take Levocetirizine once in three days for severe itching? Is it ok?
Where can I get a perfect schedule of a nutritious diet for low-hemoglobin patients?
What is the best nutrition for cross country runners?
What are the benefits of substituting brown sugar for white sugar?
What is the “sugar industry”?
Will the world ever come to the point where our only real chance for long term survival requires us to live off a staple diet of Soylent Greens?
What are the health benefits of doing something fun that is not work related?
What is the best time of day to take Miralax?
Is a varied diet better than a limited diet?
What are the nutrition facts about cannolis?
How much can dealers earn with authentic whey protein?
If the level of vitamin D in the blood is 10ng/ml, is a dose of 600,000 IU enough?
Will eating too much protein turn into fat?
Is it possible to get to a toxic level of Vitamin D by taking 6000 IU/day?
Is your body's pH level scientifically/medically proven to be correlated to health? Or is it just quackery like "detoxing" and other myths.
How much fluid should a person intake daily?
Is there a substitute of whey protein?
What should I do to increase the intake of a man's stick in my hole?
How does protein renaturation happen?
What food is low glycemic, and how do I follow a low-glycemic diet to delay type 2 diabetes?
What is the result of taking protein powder?
What are monuosaturated fats good for?
What are the benefits of eating prunes?
How fast do you lose weight on 200 calories per day?
How long does a liquid multivitamin take to build up in ones system and take any effect?
Is it worth to leave medicine and start studying nutritional science ?
Are Dr. Mike Greger, John McDougall, T. Colin Campbell & Garth Davis trustworthy for diet advice, or are they propagating in support of veganism?
How can a high protein diet be harmful?
? When is the best time to take?
Are the vitamins in cereal more beneficial than pill vitamins?
How many calories should I consume daily to reduce my weight to 78kg to 60 kg?
What are the healthy packed evening time snacks to eat in an office available in India?
Why are some juices, claiming to be "without added sugar" and listing no added ingredients, sweeter than homemade ones?
What are the benefits of eating orange foods?
How can I calculate the amount of calories found in a sausage and peppers?
Do women who are lactating but not breastfeeding still need to eat more calories?
Why are fungi not good in terms of producing protein compared to bacteria?
Is it enough to eat healthy & avoid skipping meals to gain bigger curves? Are there any tips to avoid getting fat at unwanted places like the stomach?
Can I eat potatoes and get lean?
What advice do experienced vegans have for those who have just started?
What are the benefits of eating cream cheese during pregnancy?
When was the dnaA protein discovered?
What is some healthy food in Pakistan that one should eat?
How many grams of protein does an average gym goer need per day?
Why is vitamin B12 contraindicated in undiagnosed anaemia?
Which food shouldn't be taken by a person who is suffering from vitamin B12 deficiency?
How do you reduce the potency of pungent foods?
Does every vegan have to take B12 supplement?
How do you space apart your calories each day?
What is the potassium content in pineapple juice?
What are the side effects of protein powder without enough physical exercise?
How do I consume He Shou Wu powder?
Is it possible for a food to be high in carbohydrates but low in glycemic index?
How much food does a dairy cow eat to produce one gallon of milk?
How do I stay fit and healthy if everything in the house is junk food?
I'm weightlifting 4 days a week and including 5-7 serving of fruits and veggies daily, does taking a multivitamin beside considered much?
Is there another way to track calories besides counting calories?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in a cup of rice?
What is a good and reliable source to measure calories for Indian food on internet for a beginner?
Is overnight refrigerated food healthy to eat?
What diet should a person with polymyalgia rheumatica follow?
Why does taking too much vitamin E cause a stroke?
Is cheese a dairy product?
Is herbalife prodcuts good for health?
Which non-dairy probiotic foods can I buy from a supermarket?
Can anyone give proper nutritional description of typical Indian food?
Is saturated fat unhealthy?
What will happen if 2 Keraboost tablets are taken daily instead of one per day?
What are the vegetarian food with plenty of protein?
Which dry fruit is best for daily use in a normal body?
What are the health benefits of using garlic powder?
What are some poor diet habits, and how can one eliminate them?
How can you increase melatonin levels to a safe level through diet?
What are examples of healthy food choices for adults?
What would happen if I only ate boiled egg whites for a month?
Would it help people that are overweight to diet if the government made fatty foods available for sale in bulk only?
What are the nutritional facts found in vegan croutons?
Have you ever treated depression with B vitamins injections?
Is drinking Complan the same as drinking milk?
If one was shipwrecked with scurvy and one large grapefruit washed up, would it be better to eat the whole fruit at once or one segment per day?
What and how should I eat and how do I calculate how many calories I need to decrease?
What's the most compete/nutritious food for humans?
Does breastfeeding have nutritional value?
Where I can learn about nutrition and eating healthy food?
How should I go about increasing my calorie intake for adding muscle?
What are the benefits of eating culantro leaves?
How many grams of CaO are needed to produce 36 grams of Hg?
When a medicine says take with food, how much food and what kind of food should I have?
What if I take Albumen powder instead of whey isolate; will it help for fat loss?
Does anything actually speed up metabolic rate or are all the suggestions i.e. Eating spicy food or excessive caffeine just myths?
With hepatitis E, what food can we eat?
How are vitamins determined in a food?
What is a diet for all kind of people, regardless of age, health and wealth?
Why does eating protein before a workout make you sweat more?
What would happen if we consume a lot of sugar?
Is a BSc in food and nutrition theoretical?
What are the best food one can cook or buy which are low in carb but high in protein?
Why does eating peanuts on an empty stomach make me go to the bathroom?
Can I eat a pizza once a month with no worries?
Is the host able to secrete recombinant proteins in the growth medium?
Do bananas contain any calcuim? If so, then how much calcium does each 80g banana contain?
Would a typical breakfast cereal be considered healthy if not for the added sugar?
What is the importance of nutrition and nutrients?
How would you solve a problem like, if there are 100 calories in 1 and a half cup of grapes, how many calories are in half a cup?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
What can be some healthy options to satisfy sugar craving?
Does daily intake of vitamin C when taken with a shrimp meal cause poisoning?
If I eat a 2000 calorie meal, does my body process if differently than five 400 calorie meals throughout the day?
How healthy is Wingstop?
Is oil-free diet necessary for stent patients?
What are the benefits of unrefined sugar?
What are the risks of refreezing defrosted meat?
Is obesity mainly a "food addiction," an endocrine disorder, a bad habit, an excessive caloric intake, a "slow metabolism," or something else?
How do we come off statins permanently and maintain low LDL cholesterol?
What are the health benefits of Milo?
I have free and unlimited access to mushrooms at work. What is a good healthy balance of eating those and spending money on other food?
What is the best budget diet plan for bodybuilding?
What are the health benefits of musk oil?
If you had a virtual platform at your fingertips to give you guidance on nutrition/training/yoga/Pilates/etc., would you use it?
What is vitamin C efficacy?
Should I consume protein tablets if I have to deal with intense basketball workout of 2 hours because I live in a hostel and food quality is bad here?
What are the other carbohydrates beside starches?
Is it good not to take dinner for health if someone has slow digestion?
What is a jaggery glycemic index?
What are the most legitimate scientific studies showing that animal protein is detrimental to human health, and a plant-based/vegan diet is superior?
Why is a person who sells juice not healthier than I would expect?
Would lack of Vitamin D increase CO2 storage?
When did we start using sugar?
What over-the-counter herbal products increase metabolism?
What are the sources of good fats for healthy diet?
How can I measure the amount of calories found in 2 fried eggs?
When selling bottled homemade almond milk, should you boil the water used for making the almond milk or should you boil the almond milk ?
What are the health benefits of the South Beach Diet?
What is the best caloric deficit diet plan and work out plan to gain muscle mass and lose body fat in 6 months (whey protein based diet plan)?
Would eating just sugar make you fat?
Is sodium citrate natural? I only eat things that are natural in foods and my prawns have sodium citrate. Is that a salt?
I went a full day consuming fruits and walnuts. How does my body react to that?
What health benefits do we get from eating ground peanuts?
Is it true that when you microwave food, it zaps out all the nutrition from it and can actually give you cancer?
Why is iceberg lettuce considered healthy?
Why did vegetables and fruits develop such different reproductive strategies?
How healthy are Triscuits?
Do cooked fruits and vegetables have vitamin C?
How much omega-3 is in salmon roe (ikura) and flying fish roe (tobiko)?
What do you eat in your Paleo diet plan?
What happens if you only eat fruits for a week?
Should a two year old take vitamins?
Is a glass of red wine equivalent to an hour at the gym?
What are some good diet pills similar to OxyElite Pro?
What’s a proper diet for a St. Bernard puppy in the Indian climate?
Is it a bad idea to eat chicken biriyani the day before an exam?
What is the difference between one calorie of fat, protein, and carbs?
Why am I craving ice cream today?
How can low-fat cooking oil make breakfast healthier?
What are the advantages of heat-and-eat meals?
Are sugar and yogurt mixed together healthy?
Should I eat an apple or an egg as a midnight snack?
What is less healthy, not getting enough nutrients or over eating on junk food?
Is it possible to eat a high protein plant based diet? I currently eat paleo style but am considering cutting out meat/fish/dairy.
What are the benefits of eating diced ham?
How do animals obtain their nutrition?
What is the proper time to eat yogurt?
What is the nutritional value in peanuts per 100 grams?
What are the best forms of vitamin and mineral compounds that are most easily absorbed, when taken as a supplement?
What are the best ways to slow down a fast metabolism?
Is 3000 skips a day enough to lose weight with a standard diet?
Is the traditional Malayali vegetarian diet protein rich?
What are the health benefits of the sashimi diet?
What are the health benefits of eating Chinese noodles every day?
Is pasta considered a junk food?
Are there any downsides to BCAA supplements? Which ones are the best?
What's the caseinogen of milk?
Does dried and powdered superfood contain a lot of nutrients almost like eating the algea and veggies raw?
What are chocolate strawberries’ nutrition facts?
What is the prevalence of copper deficiency?
If cholesterol (saturated fat) is removed from naughty list, does this mean it's alright to eat high fat foods?
How nutritious is lobster?
I’m sick with walking pneumonia. What natural food can I eat?
How can I measure the calories found in 1 slice of white bread?
Does eating melatonin-rich food have positive effects, or are the effects negligible?
How do vitamins function in our body?
What are the health benefits of eating protein pancakes?
Is it possible that the world may some day come to a point where Soylent Greens becomes the main staple of the human diet?
Is boiled gram healthy?
What are the nutritional facts found in a gluten free carrot soup?
How much water intake does our body needs in Summer?
Is it worth it to blend or eat the items in their natural solid state (in terms of nutritional, mineral and vitamin intake)?
Which vitamin deficiency is not seen in newborns?
What are the cheapest sources of protein?
What is the calories-to-kilograms formula, if it even exists?
Do peanuts contain more protein than an egg?
Which food should you eat to increase haemoglobin fast?
What percentage of Indians take supplements?
Which diet has the scientific proof to support that it increases life expectancy without illnesses? Is it vegan, moderate meat/dairy, vegetarian?
I overeat junk food to deter myself from eating it again. What might be a better way to approach a healthy lifestyle?
How can two people eat healthy on a $200 budget?
What are some healthy toppings for porridge?
What medicines should one take if one is not feeling hungry and hasn't eaten a proper meal for days?
Who is an excellent nutritional supplement sales letter writer?
Are kettle cooked chips healthy?
Does the flavor of your protein powder affect how healthful it is?
Recently I have been reading about diets and I like the idea of the ketosis diet. If I want to follow this diet, what and how much should I eat?
What are the best kind of nuts for nutritional value, while also keeping in mind price?
Why do meat and seafood have high purine contents?
Why shouldn’t we eat junk food?
What foods make your arms thicker, and why?
What are some easy ways for people with desk jobs to stay fit?
Are there some vitamins in Coke, or not?
What are the functional properties of foods?
How does gut bacteria influence metabolism?
What are the best apps for keeping a healthy diet?
Why are seagulls always hungry?
How easily can 3500-4000 calories in 3 meals a day be as a HFHC mostly raw vegan?
What should a healthy diet for children include?
I get acne outbursts from drinking whey protein. Can I lessen these outbursts by only taking whey after workouts?
Is eating chapathi better than poori?
Why is vitamin C toxic at higher concentrations?
For girls, what diet you following that is available and good for your health?
How can I intake more protein without supplements?
If you consume the same amounts of glucose, glycerol, or proteins that yield pyruvate, which food would render the largest amount of ATP?
What are some of the best foods that make your breast grow?
What food and health supplements can lessen the effect of pollen allergy and hay fever?
A food item has 5 grams of fat. Three grams are monounsaturated; 1 is saturated. What is the other 1 gram of fat?
Can taking a testosterone supplement increase your height?
How does red meat consume change the composition of intestinal bacteria, such that it is more likely to produce TMAO?
Will I gain a lot of weight if I keep 0 carbs for a while (1 month) and then go back to normal carb diet?
Comparing between dietetics, nutrition, and food technology/science, which one is the best for master’s studies?
What​ are the best and worst times to eat?
Apple is considered to be a negative calorie food. So, if someone ate only apples, would he starve to death eventually?
What is caloric deficit diet?
What are the yummiest foods that one can eat in a train journey?
How much protein is the right amount?
What are the health benefits of eating garlic bulbs?
In carbohydrates, why are monosaccharides and oligosaccharides sweet in taste, while polysaccharides are not?
What does an egg contain?
What are some healthy substitutes for a typical Indian roti meal?
What are the best natural foods to eat daily?
What is a two-week diet plan?
Which is the best biotin supplement available in India?
How many glasses of water should you drink daily (ideally apart from tea, coffee, milk or other fluid)?
It it possible to go on a low fat, low carb diet?
What Should be my diet plan to loose 7 kgs, should I consider taking protein powder since I hit the gym 5 times a week?
What are the foods that someone who is B positive should always avoid?
What can fill my tummy for a whole day if I eat only once a day?
Can I use fenugreek, honey and vitamin E capsules together for a face mask?
What would happen if a person eats too much spicy food?
Does food sober you up when you're high?
What is the best way to reduce calories from alcohol?
This is the nutritional information on the back of a soya-based snack. Is this even possible?
Do you get fat faster, when eating healthy for a few months and then start eating sugar and processed food again?
Are BCAAs found in natural foods?
How do I raise my energy level?
Is buckwheat bread safe if you have Hashimoto's Disease? My body seems to like it but it wants sweet things too and sugar is bad for me.
What is the best way to remove mercury from a tin of tuna without destroying its nutrients?
Is it critical for my health if I eat the same food every single day?
Which whey protein is good for someone who is above 40 years old?
What are the protein powder/health supplement brands you should buy in India?
Do nutrients remain intact in processed fish or chicken in a freezer for 1 month?
What is wrong with drinking skim milk as opposed to full-fat milk?
Should mental labourers (developers, for example) consume extra fast carbs to decrease fatigue? By “extra,” I mean compared to the recommended daily intake.
How can I reduce my intake of sweets?
If there any diet plan for IT girls?
Is a diet of lentils, peanuts, and a multivitamin sufficient?
What's the difference between nitrites and nitrates, and why are they bad for you?
What is reconstituted skimmed milk?
How can I measure the amount of calories in one cup of green grapes?
How can I quit refined sugar?
If lentils cause more uric acid in the blood, then how can a vegetarian take dietary protein in the proper amount?
Does eating potatoes on a regular basis affect the joints?
Are there any 8lb packs of Gold Standard 100% whey protein?
How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?
Can I have a scoop of whey protein outside of my 8 hours eating window for intermittent fasting? As in, if I eat at 3pm to 11pm and work out from 6.30 to 8 am, can I have some of the protein?
What is the best way to stop drinking too much sugary soda and eating unhealthy food?
If someone weighs 300 lbs but has been eating healthy and 1300 calories/day for two weeks but hasn't lost weight what could be the reason?
What is the initial diet?
What is the metabolic function of vitamin T?
Can you purchase 5000 mg of vitamin D3?
How many calories are in one piece of white Nabulsi cheese?
What are the nutritional differences between a red and kidney bean?
Is it healthy to eat raw aloe vera?
Are dietary supplements unregulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration?
Why can humans eat different foods all the time but dogs are unable to without getting sick? A scientific explanation would be preferred.
Are weight gain shakes healthy?
Can the personalised protein powder of Herbalife be used for gyming?
What happens if intake too little levothyroxine?
How do I mix omega 3 fish oil with foods without losing its nutrients?
Why does 11β-HSD2 deficiency cause apparent mineralocorticoid excess (effects like mineralocorticoids binding its receptors) but not glucocorticoids?
What is tanned protein?
Why is there usually a big difference between the amount of food our bodies need and what we actually want to eat?
Does whey protein impact you negatively as a minor?
What are the most pungent foods?
I'm a 20 yrs old male and got some belly fat (on the sides only) out of the blue. Why?
Why should we use mineral water?
What were the first non-human mammals to be milked by humans? What early evidence do we have of milking livestock?
What is the nutritional information of fresh, raw hemp/cannabis leaves?
Does physical digestion occur in the oesophagus?
Which is the best time of the day to eat fruit?
Which is the best protein supplement available in India?
Which is the best supplement to gain a body like Jeff Seid’s?
Does eating dosa every second day make you gain fat?
Is eating raw rice dangerous?
Can eating too much sugar change the appearance of your face even if you don't gain weight?
What foods help to reduce cholesterol?
I eat chicken every day. Is that bad for me?
How can vegetarians sustain iron levels without taking supplements?
What kind of diet plan recipes does Dr. Nazar didn't give to his patients for a 1200 calorie?
Which is healthier between sugar, regular honey and dried fruit?
What makes some foods slow to release energy?
Can I mix blended almond powder in milk? What benefit will drinking it on a daily basis give me?
What is the average freight cost for companies which are dealing in salted snacks, which are primarily high on volume and low on value?
Is it healthier to replace dairy with meat in Chinese Medicine?
Is a baby food diet healthy for adults?
What are the benefits of fig fruits?
What are the health benefits of eating too much asparagus?
What percentage of macronutrients do I need if I want to get leaner?
What foods are high in iron and protein?
What is a perfectly balanced diet?
What are some examples of heat-and-eat meals?
Which foods have lots of calcium and iron?
Do fresh water sardines have omega 3 fatty acids?
On which basis are vitamins divided into vitamin A, B, C, D, E, and K?
What is the health treat of using palm oil as a replacement of milk fat in food products like ice cream?
What should we eat after workout, except protein shake?
What effect will there be from a high protein diet (150gm protein, 250gm carbs, 40gm fat) on a man who weights 74kg, is 5′8" tall and has 19% body fat?
What are the main obstacles for getting more vegetables in your diet?
What is quantum effect on protein?
What is the normal sugar?
Is it okay for a 16-year-old teenager to take gym supplement?
As a pescaterian, should I take vitamins daily?
Why do people think healthy food can't taste good?
Are calories good or bad for you, and why?
What are the subjects in BSc food and nutrition?
Will consuming a small glass of fruit or vegetable juice per day help me?
What will be the growth of the brain health supplements’ market?
How can I get more antioxidants?
What type of proteins are consumed by vegan athletes to stay fit?
What is a proper routine with a proper diet after boards to gain energy?
Is eating ice unhealthy?
What are the most effective & natural methods to increase your iron intake on a plant based diet?
In which medium should I take whey protien?
Would me stopping eating junk food abruptly be bad for me?
Can I stop taking whey protein?
What are the health benefits of eating steak for lunch?
Is BCAA consumption healthy when I am on a super active lifestyle? I am 25, 5′4′′ in height and 60 kg in weight. Can I take whey protein after a workout?
Will sugar always be bad for you?
Why does eating cheese give you a feeling of being full but drinking milk doesn't if they are both essentially the same thing and contain a similar number of calories?
What are some convenient foods for weight gainers, and why are fast foods not an option?
Does Global Impex supply genuine MuscleTech whey?
Do I really need to eat vegetables every day?
What food is the most unhealthy?
Is protein powder harmful in the long term if we stop going to the gym?
What would be the average cost of sustaining an adult human being (food, clothing, education, water etc) anywhere on earth ?
What are your stories about the GM diet?
In an effort to make a stubborn person understand, is eating bland and unpleasant food and starving oneself actually not helpful during a diet? Why?
How come I stop feeling hungry after doing HITT routines?
Which is healthier: eating more less often, or eating less more often? Why?
Is it ok to put a (super) fat full-grown cat on a diet?
Can I eat 1 tablespoon of peanut or almond butter a day and not gain weight?
Are vegan foods and gluten-free opposed to one another?
What diet should I take to get a lean and tight body?
What is the best cereal to eat with less calories?
Why is whey isolate too costly in India?
How is the amount of milk that is consumed per day in a certain nation calculated or assumed? What procedures are to be followed?
What is a proper food diet to cure leucoderma?
What is Fact grain (granularity)?
Does a nontoxic, supplemental Vitamin D reach toxicity if it’s supplemented with sunlight?
What are the major roles of protein constructing human body?
Is it okay to skip dinner and drink milk instead?
Could a person live if they only ate apples? What exactly is in apples that are healthy for a human body?
Do you get high from not eating large amounts?
What foods should be included in the diet during pregnancy for a healthier baby?
Some say you should eat something when you wake up. Others say drink water, work out then eat. Which is it?
What happens when you have extreme hunger but there is no food to eat?
How can I make a poster on a nutritional disorder?
How are nutrients such as proteins and carbs lost in food?
How can I gain weight within 2 months with protein powder, oatmeal, rice and more?
Which fruits contain a lot of vitamin A?
Can I cure dysthimia by following a healthy diet; cardiovascular exercise, mindfulness meditation, and taking Omega 3?
Can a couple shots of whiskey a night or glass of wine really cause weight gain?
Which is the best institute of nutrition in UP and what is its eligiblity?
What would be the consequences, if money would become edible, and provide nutrition according to its value?
What are the top 5 weight loss diets?
They say cooking food in the microwave makes it lose its nutritional value. Will that food help in dieting?
Can calcium oxide be extracted from eggshells?
What are the nutrition facts found in beef tongue?
What nutrients are used in our eyes?
What kind of body plan does a Ctenophora have?
Is it okay to drink a banana shake after keeping it in the fridge for 9 hours?
Does coffee reduce sleep?
What are some famous quotes about nutrition?
How can I stop eating lots of food and stop eating junk food as a teen to lose fat?
Would the slightest change in nutritional intake cause weight gain in an anorexic even if their calorie intake remained the same or in fact decreased?
Does reconstituted juice have any nutritional value?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for work meetings?
What can an overweight, out-of-shape, 30-year-old do to get and stay in better shape?
What are the benefits of the sweet woodruff supplement?
Does hunger necessarily mean that we should eat?
What are the benefits of soy protein for weight loss?
Would boiling foods in stock add nutritional value?
Why is the ideal minimum safe calorie intake limited to 1200 calories?
How do I stop myself from overeating and eating junk food?
How do I not go over 1,000 calories, what should I eat?
Where did our ancestors get vitamin B12 from in a vegan diet?
What are ketogenic foods?
How can I eat raw garlic without burning my mouth?
How can I calculate the calories in cheesecake slice?
How much fat content is reduced after skimming full cream milk with 5% fat?
What are the nutritional facts found in brown miso?
How is the Keto diet different from the south beach diet?
How can I measure the calories in triple sec?
Has anyone tried making protein pancakes out of regular pancake mix and just adding protein powder into it? Is it okay for people who work out?
Is supplement protein good?
Would steaming fruits & veggies kill a significant amount of nutrients? How much of the nutrients will I lose out on?
Why do some protein powders say "not suitable for persons under 16 years"?
How can I measure the calories in Marmite?
How do you feel when you don't eat for a week?
Why is it healthy to have “snake shaped” poop, and unhealthy to have loose stools?
Which supplements, if any, should be taken with a ketogenic diet?
We have to soak and sprout legumes, beans, grains, nuts and seeds to avoid excess antinutrients and gut issues; does this prove we're not meant to eat them?
What destroys protein in food?
What are the best, least expensive solvents for fat soluble vitamins, like vitamin A, D3 and vitamin E oil?
Are food cravings really a symptom of food sensitivity?
How do I find out all consumed foods are digested or not?
Is having too much protein intake bad?
How does one go about finding trigger foods for their IBS so they can eliminate them from their diet?
Why do raw cacao nibs have different nutritional value on all different packaging and online?
What are some high-protein, low-carb foods that will help me?
Am I going above my daily intake of sugar if eat a mango?
How much food should a sixteen-year-old boy eat?
I live alone and I hate having to constantly buy food and cook meals. How can I eat my minimum caloric requirements with the least effort?
Can I have a protein shake if I have PCOD?
Are there any studies on the benefits of inactive probiotics?
Can diabetic patients eat protein supplements (powder) including some sugar?
Do big pharmaceutical companies own a virtual monopoly over the world production of synthetic B12? If so, how can it be vegan?
Can I survive eating only dates?
Does breastfeeding have any nutritional value after 9 months?
Endomorph, I train 4-6x/wk, 10 months now. Low carb, high protein diet. I'm noticing increased strength but, I can barely see my muscle gains. Why?
Why do I feel so ill whenever I try to improve my diet?
What's more pressing, unlimited clean water or unlimited nutritious food for everyone?
How do you increase digestion especially when it's linked to acidity, even after healthy meals?
What’s the diet chart for my 4 year old son?
How do you find the best joint supplements in 2017?
What's the best 1300 calorie diet plan?
How can I get a diet chart for every day?
When should we drink milk?
What are the calories in melted butter?
How much carrot juice do I have to drink, per day, for my skin to become noticeably orange?
Can consuming any types of spices stunt or speed up your weight loss if you have them with your meals, in a calorie deficit?
How do vitamin B9 and C work in foetus development?
Is eating uncooked rice unhealthy?
What foods cause the most gas?
What are some dietary snacks I can eat?
Can I mix together Series Mass and Whey Protein Standard Gold?
If protein was an impurity in the sample, how could one remove the protein to purify the sample?
What are the calories in a cup of red grapes?
Where can I get genuine ultimate nutrition products in Nagpur or online?
What are some nutrients to eat to get long nails?
What are examples of healthy food choices for a baby?
Does drinking milk lessen the chances of getting arthritis?
I eat oats (boiled in low fat milk and water) mixed with walnuts and raisins daily. Is it healthy?
Is the sugar found in honey bad for you like how white/brown sugar is?
What does a workout diet look like?
I am 15 years old and I weigh 82 pounds. Why am I so skinny? I eat a lot but not too much meat. I eat meat about 3 times a month.
What are processed foods? Should I avoid them?
What are the effects of regularly eating food that has empty calories?
Do Britannia Marie Lite biscuits contain pork fat?
Is it true that ketogenic diet causes cancer?
When laboratories calculate a food's caloric value, is fiber counted as a carbohydrate and is therefore included in the total calories, or is it excluded?
What are the nutrition facts about red wine?
Is chicken liver high in cholesterol?
How many milligrams of omega-3 should I take in a day?
Is milk good for owls?
Is there anyone interested on buying diet products?
Where do you think vegans get their protein from?
What are the most common foods to be allergic to?
How bad is eating 3000 calories worth of nut butter per day for you? (About 3/5 of my total calorie consumption)
Is forcing myself to eat 3 - 5 bowls of rice for lunch to gain weight dangerous for my health?
Can Tums be taken as a calcium supplement?
What foods can a vegan eat in order to feel more energetic and not as listless?
What supplements help you keep an erection?
Can I eat Subway sandwiches to gain my daily nutrients?
How do you avoid the unhealthiest foods in your diet?
If you simply chew thoroughly and then spit out the food, will you still absorb all of the nutrients?
What is the best diet that worked for you?
What is the most basic diet you can live on healthily?
Do you eat in the ideal state of digestion, assimilation, & calorie burning?
Which is the best bcaas supplement out there?
Can I lose weight off of a liquid based diet?
Is it a good thing to have only milk and dates for breakfast?
If ketones are a clean fuel for our body, how come not everyone is on the ketogenic diet?
Is rice better for a diet for a diabetic patient?
What is the diet for a typhoid patient with jaundice?
What are some delicious, filling, healthy, but low-calorie foods?
How do I gain weight and what will be my diet?
Which are the best colleges for a BSc in diets and nutrition in India?
What can I do/buy/eat to help quickly digest bread, potatoes, and red meat and avoid bloat?
Why do Democrats find it worthwhile to hurt the soda industry and force downsizing, just because of some people's bad diet choices?
What is the best low calorie sweetener?
Is it ok to rotate supplements, or must they be taken daily to be effective?
I feel like I am forgetting too much, too often. What vitamins and minerals should I take for brain health?
What are some signs of an increased metabolism?
Have you used the nutritional therapies pioneered by Dr. William Walsh?
What is the Activia diet?
What is a multidrug resistant protein?
Can I eat as much as I want in Warrior diet?
What are some reasons not go pescatarian or to cut out red meat from your diet?
Why does vitamins and minerals are important for body health?
How accurate are apps that count your meal's calories based on a picture?
How could I prevent becoming depressed before bed?
Why do we use calories in food instead of joules?
Are there any health issues if you totally give up white processed table sugar?
How much time is needed to fix B12 deficiency?
What brand of normal protein (not whey) powder is good?
Should I drink lactose free milk for a weight loss diet?
How do vitamin supplements help in preventing wrinkles?
What is the best fruit for all season?
Are dandelions really a superfood? How would you prepare them?
Does the BSc course in food and nutrition require extra hard work?
With the Japanese diet rich in carbohydrates such as rice, noodles, and tubers, how do the diabetics fare?
Should I go into a calorie surplus and then cut?
Are there any supplements out there that are actually worth taking?
If sugar is a light powder, how does it add weight to a person’s body?
How long could I survive by eating nothing but jelly beans? What would kill me first?
Which is the most polarizing food?
How can good nutrition be promoted?
How would my skin be affected if I were to take a megadose of vitamin C?
What is the scope of choosing a dietician and nutrition course after class 12th?
Is it unhealthy to drink a liter of Pedialyte every day?
What cereals can you find at Whole Foods that have a lot of carbs but very low in sugar/saturated fat?
If you were only allowed to eat 300 calories a day, but can eat anything you want, what would you/should you eat?
What dietary options are available to people who do not wish to eat plants or animals?
Can hydrolysis of food be called as digestion?
Enzymes are synthesised in our body but vitamins are not. Why?
If sugar is said to cause wrinkles, does that mean the sugar in fruit does the same?
What is the best diet for a vegetarian person who wants to grow and build muscle?
What is the cheapest whey protein powder available in India?
What are the health benefits of mango seeds?
Which nutrition facts are more accurate, the ones on food packaging or the ones on websites?
What is the whey protein like from the Medisys Indian website Medisyskart.com?
What are the cheapest, most accesible food ingredients, vegetables, and fruits that have the most benefits for the body?
How beneficial is Amway Nutrilite protein powder?
What are the best nutrients found in fruits?
Can eating just a small amount of raw egg make you sick?
Does omega-3 cause weight gain?
Is it safe to give calcium/vitamin D supplements to an autistic child?
How do we calculate humans' daily nutrient requirements?
Why does chemical properties of compounds such as vitamin D make them much more likely to result in toxicity than say another vitamin like vitamin C?
What are the benefits of eating pasteurized cheese?
How do I gain weight at the age of 25?
Why don’t athletes eat sugar?
Is it possible to get all the nutrients you need on a liquid diet without supplements?
What's the best way to inform about fitness and nutrition?
Is granular sugar manufacturing a lot more labour- and capital-intensive than liquid sugar manufacturing?
What is the best egg white protein available in India?
What percentage of the nutrients in beans, legumes, grains, nuts and seeds get blocked from being absorb in our body due to antinutrients?
Does brinjal contain fat?
Why is eating a low amount of calories bad, if it’s only done for short periods of time?
How do I lose weight when all my parents buy is fast food?
Will my elderly friend become ill after eating moldy fruit?
How can I measure the calories in a cheese string?
America is suppose to be one of the most healthy and wealthy countries. So why do we eat so much junk, and why are we overweight compared to others?
What's the most efficient way to successfully change poor eating habits and commit to a healthy diet?
Can someone with high cholesterol levels eat scallops?
What are your tips for sticking to a diet?
How can you eat a Paleo Diet on a budget?
Are there any illegal foods that aren’t harmful to the body?
Is the metabolic rate inherited from parents? How can we speed up our metabolism?
Is it true that low levels of vitamin D lead to heart attacks?
Is it unhealthy to eat cured meat?
What happens if your diet has too much vitamins?
Will eating roasted millet on a daily basis bring health issues?
How is a person affected if he drinks water only once in three days for a week?
I’m a skinny guy. Can I take whey protein to build my body along with normal running and playing sports like basketball?
How does drinking cold water affect digestion and metabolism?
How legitimate are this article and Dr. Gundry's idea of "The Plant Paradox" & proper human dieting?
Does whey protein kill the sex drive or testosterone levels?
Do ground and powdered spices & herbs have any nutritional value, or is that destroyed during the processing & daily as they remain in the container?
Would a vitamin C injection be too painful if it was administered as an intramuscular injection?
Will I lose out on a significant amount of nutrients when steaming fruits & vegetables?
Where can I buy genuine, great quality vitamin C serum in India online?
What should I eat to get more fat on my body?
What happens if you eat only brown rice for one month?
How can I prepare a low calorie spanakopita?
Why do we eat more?
If I want to gain muscle, should I go on a protein diet or just eat everything till I reach my required calorie amount?
What's the healthiest flavoured drink?
Last couple of days I have been depressed. Took 10 grams of vitamin D, now schizophrenia symptoms are back. Why?
What is omega 3s?
Is there new proven evidence that diet drinks ("zero sugar") are unhealthy, or is this a health scare by the media?
What is the diagnosis of niacin deficiency?
If one uses 100mL of water, how many grams of Vitamin B6 are needed to create a 0.5% solution?
How many calories are in one honeysuckle?
Should my 14-year-old sister take a One A Day supplement daily as she barely eats any vegetables or fish?
Health and fitness: How do you control your daily food consumption?
What are the best foods to eat if you usually have palpitations?
What kind of foods are high in lipids?
Is there a diet plan or regime one can use to gain weight, say 20 more pounds?
Can I use a fat burner in a 1250 calorie diet?
What are the amounts of calories in purple grapes?
Why does refined flour stick in the stomach whereas protein powders or other powders don't?
Can you have pain in the foot and hand due to a vitamin D-3 deficiency?
What are the benefits of Luxxe White?
Is it okay to give my chickens some whey protein?
What chemical changes happen with time, in common foods, after being cooked?
Does chicken breast have cholesterol?
How do I stop always thinking of food to lose fat?
How common is vitamin B12 deficiency between vegetarians/vegans?
Is water fattening?
What are the foods with the highest glycemic index scores?
What will happen when you mix cigratte and milk?
What is the best diet plan to shred whole body?
Does eating Nutella daily cause weight gain?
How does a high carb diet affect your metabolism? I’m considering a caloric surplus to gain some mass.
What are the healthiest food items at IKEA?
Why are there differences in nutritionists' opinions about the role of saturated fat in diet?
What are the nutritional facts found in Macayo's enchilada sauce?
How do I discreetly cut my sugar intake?
What is the nutrition of a fillet steak?
Can I get enough Omega 3 from food alone without supplements?
How can one become a full time nutritionist?
Why does our blood pressure rise when we eat too much salt in our diet?
Is farm-raised salmon a good source of omega-3?
Is constantly taking vitamins bad for the long term?
Can I remove the foam in my protein shake milk?
When should I eat food after doing a workout?
Which type of carbohydrates can be digested only by ruminants but not by humans? Why?
Which milk pan is better - Prestige, Pigeon, or Futura?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need in a day?
What are the best ways for vegetarians to get protein naturally in their diet?
Where do I find information on BSc food nutrition (topics, syllabus, practicals, projects)? Is it a theoretical course?
Can you suggest any modification for my diet chart that has been added to the ‘details’ part?
What are the budgetery protein supplements available in India under ₹1500?
Why does eating peanut on an empty stomach makes me poop?
What's the difference between piloncillo, jaggery and raw sugar?
Is there such a thing as a healthy diet without vegetables?
What sort of nutrients does a girl's body lose during menses?
What kind of food strengthens the immune system?
How do I optimize eating so it's maximally cheap, fast to deal with and it has most of needed nutritients?
What meat has the highest protein to fat ratio?
Are there any credible sources on healthy diet?
Can children be given supplements of Vitamin D?
Is it safe to say eat a low carb diet?
Is it necessary to supplement L-carnitine on a ketogenic diet?
What are the health and nutritional benefits of black matpe beans?
Whey protein is best with milk or water?
Is one egg per day enough for muscle gain?
How important is it to eat after a workout?
Rashes have developed between and around my fingers. Which vitamins am I lacking?
Is eating before bed bad for me if I have Crohn's disease?
What is the maximum amount of vitamin D that I can take at once?
What are the nutritional requirements at the time of breastfeeding?
What are the advantages of eating mangoes?
Why do you need to be in a caloric surplus to build muscle?
What is the supplement to lose weight fast?
What are examples of carbohydrate?
What is the best way I can cure vitiligo​ by intaking proper food?
What are some lucrative career option in nutrition?
Are there any natural supplements or vitamins that I could take to kill pain from a broken spinal cord?
Can you suggest a diet for a hyperthyroidism patient to become sufficiently fat?
After churning out butter from our A2 milk cream, we are able to find some white powder like substance that sediments in the whey left. What is it?
Does B-protein help with loosing fat?
Do you agree that food studies are so contradictory for one to make an informed decision?
What essential nutrients and minerals will you lack, if you eat only gruel/porridge for every meal?
How much muscle do I lose in a calorie deficit?
What do you think about the FODMAP diet?
Is there any college for, food and nutrition around Coimbatore?
What diet can increase calcium?
How can I eat healthier when my family doesn't buy healthy food?
Is it possible to measure vitamin B12 level in the body and what is the normal value?
How do I take 150 g of protein a day with a veg. and non-veg. diet?
How many calories does it take to maintain a pound of muscle?
What is the diet of a 100m athlete?
How can I measure the calories in a shot of bourbon?
At what point should I start using the nutrients for fruiting while growing hydroponic cucumbers?
Is it possible to get an excess of vitamins by certain foods in the diet? Can we get an excess of vitamin A by having papaya daily or vitamin C by eating an orange?
What’s it like changing to a healthy diet after being a fast-food eater for a long time?
Is the 5:2 diet safe for teens?
Why do people change so frequently? One day they are so good to you and the next day they are just the opposite. Is it just as per their needs?
What is the best remedy for too much salt in the diet?
How many calories does a whole pizza loaded with everything on it have?
When bulking do I have to eat healthy?
Are saturated fats necessary, or can you be extremely healthy with just poly & mono-unsaturated fats? If so, how much of it is needed daily?
What is a good water to fiber ratio intake?
How do I take whey protein, before workout or after workout?
Which food has all the B vitamins?
Is fury a good supplement?
What health benefit do you get in a cupcake?
How do I make skimmed milk at home while retaining substantial amount of protein?
Why is nutrition essential to our body?
If you can only eat 100 calories a day, what would/should you eat?
Why everybody says excess water (5–6litres) intake decrease sodium levels and unhealthy?
What is healthier, eating onions or onion sprouts?
What's the best way to eliminate 0 calorie soft drinks from your diet?
What is the best way to retain nutrients while reheating food besides a microwave or oven?
How long does it take for vitamins to be absorbed in our system?
Can oral Vitamin D intake (through food or supplements) replace the value of exposure to sunlight?
Can you explain how working out more often leads to better eating?
How much would it hurt if the impact of a single bullet was distributed evenly throughout our body?
What is the best way to make a protein shake with yogurt?
What vitamins are in raw peas?
Is grape juice healthy during pregnancy?
If served dessert before dinner at a formal event, do I eat it before or after the entree?
How can I eat more protein?
Which in water living species would be the best choice for sustainable nutrition source for mankind?
What is the healthiest bread that can be found in any country?
Is milk in liters or kilo?
What should be my full day diet plan as an Indian who wants to lose fat fast? I have some events to attend.
How has changing your diet changed your life?
What is the latest on healthy eating and brain health?
What are the breakdown products of fat digestion by lipase?
Is an ARC distributor a genuine distributor of ultimate nutrition?
How can I calculate the calories in a chicken shawarma?
Why can't I absorb vitamin D?
What is the cheapest way of taking protein supplements for weight loss?
How much protein would you need to consume in one sitting, to kill you?
Which diet method really works? I have info about OCD - Obsessive Corbuzier Diet. What are some reviews of this diet?
What can I eat on the 16/8 diet?
What kind of diet do I need to follow after recovering from Jaundice?
How can you describe the most fattening foods in the world?
What are the best post-workout meals, excluding whey protein?
How can I resist and overcome the temptation for junk food?
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement that it isn't what the French eat but their approach to food and eating that allows them to eat?
What are some human food birds can eat?
If one varied the toppings enough, could one have a nutritionally complete diet made up of only pizza?
What are some random hacks that can make you healthier and happier?
What would happen if I didn't eat for 7 days, only water?
Is milk healthy for you despite its inflammatory properties?
Is it possible that eating gluten at every meal (although not being allergic to it) can give you unbearable stomach pain?
What is the diet that should not be taken when one has chikungunya?
What are the risks of consuming too much citrus juice?
Can I eat dates when bodybuilding? Since they contain a lot of sugar, I’m a little bit confused about whether I should eat them or not.
How can I stop being addicted to junk food?
What is the difference between crude polysaccharide and carbohydrates?
How do we get a lot of food in Monster Legends?
How unhealthy is it to eat a lot before you go to bed?
Is the smoky grilled chicken from KFC junk food? Is it OK to have 3–4 pieces every day as a source of protein?
Can sugar intake increases weight?
Is there a drawback for taking one pill of Vitamin B6/B12 daily forever?
Do egg whites have protein?
Does a healthy diet have a connection with singing?
What is a safe, recommended vegetarian diet for weak kidneys?
How can I reduce weight? Can anyone suggest a diet?
Do omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids differentially impact cognition? If so, what is the consensus regarding their influence?
What is the best and most original supplement in India
What are the nutrition facts found in Tropicana fruit punch?
What is the success rate of the Atkins diet?
Am I supposed to keep track of calories or carbs?
Is an 800 or less calorie diet safe?
How do I eat a healthy diet and lose weight?
Out of every nutrient humans need, which ones directly sustain psychological health?
Why are there no savoury, low calorie foods?
How much would nutrients and minerals differ with different types of honey (pure, raw) from across the world?
My baby cousin won't eat homemade food. Her parents usually feed her junk food. How do I make a proper transition to consuming healthy meals for her?
What is the best thing to eat right after working out?
How do I maintain a workout diet when living in PG?
What will happen if an absolutely normal person eats a couple of spoons of cane sugar daily in addition to his normal diet?
How nutritious are crab legs?
Are sugar-free foods really healthy, and do they have fewer calories than sugar?
How much glutathione does the body produce per day?
Are less tasty vegetables providing less nutrients?
Which is the best whey protein isolate among the ones listed in the two screenshots attached in the description?
Did our human ancestors evolve & become the apex animals due to high carbs or high fat?
Does chocolate contain animal fat?
How much carbs, proteins and fat should I eat to gain one kilo of muscle?
How can I calculate the calories that I have burned and make a diet plan like fitness coaches do?
Why is there such a lack of variety in fast food/street food in Western countries? When options do exist, why are they so unhealthy?
Is LPU good for a BSc in nutrition and dietetics?
When is the right time to buy protein powder?
What are the nutritional facts found in a deep fried moon pie?
Where can I get the best protein powder?
Is there a brand of instant hot chocolate that is trans fat partially hydrogenated oil free, low-carb, & costs less than Caffe D'Vita ($0.58/oz)?
What fruits are good sources of antioxidants but are LOW in acid and sugar?
What is the best supplement stack for me?
How can I best adapt the ketogenic diet to the meals served at my high school?
What is the effect of consuming lots of non-reducing sugar?
If a go on an 1,800 calorie diet at the age 15, will my growth be hindered?
Are health supplements​ safe for our metabolism, guts and health? Some trainers have told me that​ they are bad. What are the facts?
Is buying supplements on HealthKart safe or not?
When is the best time to eat a cookie?
How do I break a plateau in a ketogenic diet?
As soon as I eat something from outside my stomach starts paining. What do I do (apart from avoiding it)?
What are some foods I should eat before I work out?
What is dead vitamin?
What are some reviews about MuscleBlaze High Protein Cereal? They claim that it contains 17 gm protein per 50 gm of cereal. Should I buy it?
Is dietary phosphorus good or bad for bones, and how about phosphoric acid?
What would be a good vegetarian diet plan (excluding supplements) for a beginner in the gym for gaining weight?
Will eating a whole raw steak make me sick?
How long does it take to see the effects of a healthy diet, and what are the effects that take place?
Is it a good diet approach to completely cut carbohydrates and eat proteins if all you want is to lose weight?
What is your go-to weekday meal?
How can a diet change affect the correct digestion behavior?
How good is the skin at absorbing nutrients or toxins?
What are the health benefits of eating banana pancakes?
Does whey protein have probiotics?
Is it safe to include 9 oz or more of tofu or any other soy product into my daily diet as a male?
How do I gain weight? I am lean, and I work far away from home. What kind of food can I take with me to the office?
is the quantity of water intake same for all?
How can I take multivitamin capsules together with fish oil omega-3?
Is soy protein harmful to the human body?
Why do so many people accept and enjoy eating proccesed foods that are mostly added chemicals with large sides of fats and sugar?
It is ok to eat high GI food occasionally?
What is the importance of vitamins?
What diet plan is best for a diabetic?
What are some foods containing estrogen and progesterone?
What are some recipes with low iron foods?
What are the best and worst nuts to eat for overall health?
Which whey would you recommend?
In the human body, do we get electrical/chemical energy from food, or are we powered electrically by our bodies’ own atoms separate from food?
Why do you add 100 calories in the keto diet, and till when?
Is it OK to take vitamins and medicines at the same time?
I want to build a fitness software application. What are people's worst pain points when getting into shape? Workout planning, nutrition, etc.?
Are there any certain types of food that pregnant women can eat to enhance the beauty of their babies?
Is it possible to eat too much fruit?
If people want to stop eating junk food, why can't they just not buy it?
How long would you survive just drinking your daily calorie requirement as olive oil?
How can I be determined in my diet?
Is it essential to soak, sprout, and/or ferment beans, seeds, nuts, grains, and legumes in order to receive all the nutrients blocked by anti-nutrients?
How do I stop thinking of junk food always to lose fat?
Why is my stomach swollen, heavy and protruding if I’m not eating anything?
What is the market size of plant based protein in India?
What would happen if I drink milk after lemonade?
What are the nutrition facts per 100 grams of crickets?
If my stomach is stuffed from the previous meal, can I wait until I'm hungry to eat again?
Which are the food items with zero sugar?
What are the healthiest habits to obtain?
How is liquid sugar manufactured?
Why do potassium supplements only contain 3% of daily value?
What are some of the best Vitamin B2/riboflavin capsules in the Indian market?
Is a microwaved potato a better source of potassium, vitamin C and other minerals than a banana?
Do I need to take whey protein or low fat milk for muscle build up? Do they work the same way or does whey protein benefit you more?
How helpful is ketogenic chocolate in our everyday diet plan?
What is the maximum period of time when one can survive eating only McDonald's food and not get problems with health or get fat?
How does your digestive system sort and process different types of foods in one meal, eg. protein, carbs, vitamins, minerals?
Is chicken more nutritious than egg?
Are soy proteins good for a diet?
Can I get only boiled diet?
What are some of the best natural sources of vitamin B12?
Why can my friends eat more food and I cannot?
What is the best diet to get a teenager down to 15 percent body fat?
What is a multi-drug resistant protein?
What is an in-depth explanation of why people say sugar is bad for humans?
Can fresh fruit and vegetable juices & smoothies alone help an anorexic?
Why do dry roasted soybeans have more protein and calories for the same quantity when boiled? (What scientific chemical reaction is taking place?)
Are you able to eat the right food for all of your daily nutrients and the right caloric intake?
Is there a fiber supplement without psyllium husk?
Is it possible to survive (for long) eating only potatoes?
What are the benefits of karela juice?
How can I get enough protein as a vegetarian without repeating foods like tofu, tempeh, milk, and beans?
Why is chocolate so high in calories?
Can a cholesterol patient eat eggs?
How much does a healthy diet cost financially in India?
How many calories are burnt in 2000 counts of rope skipping?
What foods can stop melanin intake?
I’m working out twice a day with high carbs lunch and dinner. What will happen?
What are meal plans for 600 calories up to 3 pm?
How can I get hungry quickly?
Why must the Modi government ban unhealthy Gujarati food & their un-hygienic producers?
Why is organic sugar considered better?
What supplements do I take to stimulate my tibia and fibula bones?
How do overnutrition and undernutrition differ?
What is sharon fruit good for?
How do I stop eating sugar and craving it?
Why do the L-type calcium channels allow small amounts of calcium to pass through them in cardiac myocytes?
Does Garnier oil clear face wash contain animal fat?
Is it good to suck your wife’s breast whether there’s milk or not?
Do people with smaller mouths take longer to eat?
What are some great healthy food startups that I should watch for in 2017?
If super hot temperature can kill bacteria, does cooking also kill all nutrients in the food?
Do various food products really give the health benefits they say on the label?
Which isolate whey protein is the best in India for weight/fat loss?
As an adult, would it be possible to go back to receiving all nutrients, etc. through your navel?
What are the challenges faced in nutrition domain?
What would my paneer intake be (in terms of protein) if I have 150gm of chicken every day?
Why do I eat so much when I study?
Which vitamin reduces pimples?
Does an onion lose its vitamins when it sprouts?
Is it true that we can't absorb most of the nutrients in unsprouted beans/legumes, grains, seeds & nuts?
Will it be fine to munch on a cucmber or strawberries at night while on a diet?
Is honey healthy?
Can you explain how soaps emulsify oils and fats?
Is it possible to be allergic to Maryland blue crabs and no other crustaceans or shellfish?
Why aren’t mineral acids used in iron/calcium separation?
Is it bad to eat excess sugar if you want to be an elite level sprinter?
I exceeded my carbohydrates limit for two days in a row while on a weight loss diet. What can I do to undo / minimize the damage?
What are the benefits of eating kumara?
Why is protein good to lose wieght?
Is there an organism that can convert carbohydrates into protein?
Does smoking cannabis 4 days before a blood test ruin the results? It is a test for vitamin B12, folic acid, glucose, potassium, and calcium.
Should I eat only the egg whites to stay healthy?
Is going on the Keto diet long-term a safe/good idea?
How are plants different from animals in the mode of nutrition?
Are 1 apricot, cheerios with 2% milk, and almonds a healthy breakfast?
Can drinking milk before bedtime affect one's sexual activity?
What would happen if Portugal were cold and rainy 200 days per year?
Is there a healthy organic meal delivery subscription?
If I want to eat the same thing every day and get all nutrients from vegetarian sources, what should I eat?
Has anyone used Combat Protein Powder? Is there any other product that is better than it?
What improvements do I make to my diet?
Is there any safe zero calorie energy and mood enhancing pills?
What diet plan would Vivek Mittal suggest to a 16 year old who is only 48kgs and 165cm?
How is MyProtein Impact Whey Protein?
Why is that healthy foods are so expensive compared to the rest of the foods?
They say turmeric is the "magic bullet" for good health, are those cultures that use turmeric lavishly healthier than the Mediterranean culture?
What are concentrated simple sugars?
Is whey protein harmful for the liver?
What is the cheapest and best way to get whey protein imported from the US?
Why do we need fiber as part of our daily diet?
Can Splenda make you fat by making you hungry?
After I eat lunch, what can I drink/eat as far as bodybuilding supplements to lower my hunger until post-workout?
Can I suggest a keto diet for my mother who is 58 years old?
Why do doctors still cite outdated, Cold War era nutritional guidelines, regarding salt and saturated fat intake, for patients to stay heart healthy?
What should we eat after a workout, except protein powder?
Why is turkey high in protein?
Can we use disodium arsono acetete to fatten up cattle?
How many grams of Na2P2O7 can be obtained from 100g of Na2HPO4?
Lately, I have not been eating much. For breakfast, I have cereal, and for lunch, I eat as much as a 2-year-old, and that's it for the day. Is that okay?
What vegetarian lunch could I eat every day?
In what molecular form does sodium exist in celery, and how does the body absorb and use that sodium, as compared to ingesting sodium chloride?
What kind of diet will give me clear skin?
What are some healthy foods that start with I?
What happens to your body on a low fat diet?
What food did you eat that made you throw up?
Why is cholesterol important?
Is eating rice healthy if I have high cholesterol?
How do different foods make you feel, a few minutes after you finish eating?
What are the nutritional facts found in dried apricot paste?
Why are certain pills supposed to be taken before a meal?
What is the importance of fats in our body?
Is it healthier to sweeten milk with honey instead of refined sugar?
What is the good time to eat black gram?
How can I measure the calories in a small pita bread?
What are the best and easiest dishes for an obese person looking to begin losing 20kg of fat? I’m looking to lose weight before exercising.
Is it actually not recommended to eat more than three bananas per day?
What is it like to eat Lutefisk, Hongeo-hoe, Surstromming, Hákarl or other smelly fish?
How does the body work (all about food and energy)?
What kind of foods do Americans usually eat?
Do bodybuilders need to eat a great amount of food to preserve their gains?
Is agave nectar less harmful to the body than pure sugar?
Does decreasing the carbs in a vegan diet mean reducing one’s intake of chapatis, rotis, or rice?
Does junk food cause cancer?
How can I measure the calories in Lay's chips?
How can one go on a high protein diet without harming the environment?
Does taking vitamin/mineral supplements negate any benefits (water) fasting might give?
What are some reasons people drink meal replacement drinks?
Can we use egg shells in place of calcium tablets?
What is the best one meal diet plan that is also cheap for weight loss?
How would the bodies of the earliest humans react to a diet consisting of processed foods?
Why does my stomach expand so much even if I eat something small like one banana?
I’m switching from 500 calories a day to 1,200 calories and gaining weight. What should I do to get my body back to normal?
Do milk and garlic heal stomach wounds?
How do I measure my daily consumption of calories without any instrument? Are there any standard estimations that will give me a rough idea of my calorie intake?
What is the difference between "light" meat and regular meat?
How can we get B12 supplements (or B12-added food) without giving our money to the Big Pharma industry, since they have a near-monopoly?
What are some healthy microwavable foods for a school lunch?
What are the benefits of eating brown crickets?
How fattening is plain popcorn?
Which fruit or vegetable juice has the most nutritional value, least sugar and no added preservatives?
Does green peas contain vitamin D?
Is it ok to mix collagen powder and protein powder in one shaker bottle or it would be better to separate the two?
What supplements (aside from whey and creatine) are best for a highschooler who needs to pile on healthy weight?
What are egg whites good for?
How do I improve the levels of Vitamin D and calcium with Indian food habits?
Why do health specialists demonize orange juice, when its sugar is naturally-occuring?
If I have powder sample without any information about it and I want to estimate the total protein containing in it , is there any way to do that?
What's a good preworkout snack?
What are the pros and cons of drinking a litre of water in a 2 hour window and sipping that same volume throughout the day?
Is there scientific data that proves the claim that whole grains, legumes, nuts & seeds cause bodily, gut and brain inflammation & trigger autoimmune diseases?
Who should include single-cell protein in his/her diet?
Does frozen food still hold the same nutritional value as fresh food except for the loss of texture due to the freezing process?
Is eating ice dangerous for my health?
Why do we eat protein? Is it for the essential amino acids or for the energy it provides? Doesn’t the body prefer carbs for energy?
It it possible to industrially scale synthetic production of nutrients like carbohydrates, proteins and fat?
What will happen if I eat lots of gooseberry in a day?
How we can find the nutrition efficiency of food given to animals?
Which is the best protein for someone who is 18 years old (and older) so that they can get some fat, too, with the protein?
What does academic evidence say about the effectiveness of vitamin supplements?
Which is the most nutritious, cow, buffalo, goat or camel milk?
What are the grams in a cup of sugar?
Should you eat before bed?
What can be the best vegetarian diet for increasing or stimulating height?
How nutritious is seaweed or some of its relatives?
What's the best diet for humans?
Which nutrients is an Indian lacto-vegetarian diet most likely to lack?
What will happen if we would eat mostly rice and soy (vegan rations)?
What can we do to identify fake Optimum Nutrition 10lbs packs?
What is the no bread diet?
Does Indian gooseberry contain protein?
In a summer in Delhi, what type of foods with full proteins are good for your health?
If we raised prices on fatty foods and lowered prices on healthy food, would Americans be healthier?
What ways are there to intake a lot of insulin?
What will happen if I drink beet juice daily?
Is it advisable to take becelac fortz for a vitamin supplement? Will it have any side-effects?
Do Chinese people care about the glycemic index when making healthy food choices?
What nutrients am I missing if I don't eat peanuts?
How are the results of Amway Nutrilite?
How often are raised HbA1c levels associated with iron deficiency anemia?
Isn't there too much sugar in many food products?
What would happen if you only ate fat?
How long would it take me to pass out if I only eat 200–300 calories a day?
What are good vitamin supplements you recommend (and why) for middle aged men?
What is the difference between whey protein and milk protein?
What are examples of healthy food choices for an elderly person?
What are some examples of perfect protein for a human diet?
Fitness trainers say to pick a cheat day, but what's the difference between eating one snickers bar every day and having 7 snickers bars on one cheat day?
What are the benefits of eating egg whites?
Which vitamins, minerals and chemicals don't require active transport to be absorbed?
What’s the best treatment for loss of appetite?
What is a diet plan (vegetarian) for losing 12 kgs of weight, if I want to consume 1,200 calories daily?
Where can I buy whey protein isolate in Nepal? What does it cost?
How can environment increase height or intelligence if no one in our ancestral history had an optimal environment?
What nutrients are required before pregnancy for a smart baby?
Is it healthy to make dank memes all day every day?
Do spices contain nutrients?
Does eating junk food affect our health?
What natural foods, other than milk, can I consume to strengthen my bones?
What are the effects of sedatives, narcotics and hallucinogens on your metabolism?
How do I get my brain to remember that I physically don't feel well after eating sugary food so it would stop craving for sugar?
Are there studies on the nutritional value of exclusively polystyrene foam consuming mealworms for further use in food supply?
Why is the USA so unhealthy?
If a person can't eat much solid food, how can they get enough nutrients?
What type of food should one eat for healthy hemoglobin?
Where are excess carbohydrates stored in the body?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy?
How do apes develop muscles without consuming proteins?
Is cum a good protein drink?
Why does eating junk food cause acne?
Will eating more leafy greens and fruit and less meat make my swimming more powerful?
How many BCAAs are in a handful of almonds?
Can I leave my peanut butter protein shake (milk, bananas & peanut butter; no protein powder) in the fridge overnight to drink it the next morning?
What happens if I shift from keto diet to high protein low fat and low carb after loosing enough weight?
Is it worth to take over the counter calcium supplement. I've taken vitamins and stuff in the past but never seem to feel a difference. I'm 38 female?
What is the best food to have before pregnancy?
Is there a short summary of the latest nutrition research for laymen?
Is it true that dirt had enough vitamin B12 for humans to get their B12 needs from plants, but modern society destroyed the quality of B12 in dirt?
What are the health benefits of eating raw oysters while breastfeeding?
What vegetables have the highest amount of protein?
Why do they put so much fat and sugar in fast food?
Why do steel cut oats boil so much faster than regular oats?
Why does it seem like most "accepted" studies are lobbied, especially in the nutritional, medical, historical, scientific & environmental fields?
How can I make healthy food for kids?
Mechanically, how are cereals fortified with vitamin D?
What are muscle-growing foods?
Does a dietitian and a nutritionist also have a NEET exam?
Why does a cheesecake slice have so many calories?
Is the nutritional value in organic chicken the same as that of artificial chicken?
What is the best diet for a keralian hoping to shape his body and build muscle?
Do all kimchi have probiotics?
How can I convince my children to eat healthy food?
What are the nutritional facts found in the various types of nuts?
Who is on the ketogenic diet because of epilepsy? Has it helped?
How many days after can I see the results of whey protein?
What are some of the main functions of minerals and vitamins?
What happens to the extra fat you eat if you do keto diet wrong?
What are the nutritional values found in zesty pickles?
Why do people think that they still get nutrition from their food like we did in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s?
How much calcium is in calcium chloride?
How did ancient Indian Lacto vegetarians got Zinc and Omega 3 naturally?
How bad is it to go one day without eating vegetables?
What should be the diet for hypothyroidism​ and hyperthyroidism​ along with their guidelines​?
Is milk powder also a good source of protein like milk?
Does being full mean that I exceeded the max calories my body needed for the day?
How many calories do I need per day to gain 10 pounds of muscle?
Is there any correlation that indicates that vitamins help make you taller?
How many calories are required for a student in a day?
What are some people’s experiences with the Pegan diet (by Dr. Hyman)?
Is protein healthy for dinner, or will it disrupt sleep?
Would humans evolve to absorb nutrition from junk food?
Do pre-operative oral carbohydrates reduce a hospital stay?
Are vegans correct when they say science proves that whole food based vegan diet is proven to be the healthiest & superior diet, or is it propaganda?
A hypocalcemia patient has a 7.2 ionized calcium level. Why?
Why am I thin no matter how much I eat?
Which is the most healthiest and nutritious dog food?
What is the best protein supplement for a girl when she is trying to lose weight? Secondly, does she really need it?
Which is the best time to drink milk: at night or in the morning?
How is robustness measured in metabolism?
Is there a fruit or vegetable that requires more calories to digest than calories it actually contains?
How many animal nutrition factories does Cargill have in China and Vietnam?
Are calories a viable measure?
Are there peer-reviewed scientific studies that show benefits of eating organic fruits and vegetables as one prepares for and during pregnancy?
How effective are feminizing supplements?
Can I regrow my hairline if the hairloss is due to nutritional deficiency?
I am not physically healthy. Will it be helpful for improving health if I take protein powder with regular free hand exercise at home?
Which protein supplements​ in the Indian market are good for weight gain?
How can I measure the calories in miniature Snickers?
Is the pasteurization of milk the same as the processing of milk?
Are there any studies on the possibility of parasites mutating according to what it may ingest? You are what you eat, so to speak.
I want to build my body, but I can't be always eating. Is it worth it? Should I expect results?
Is Muscle House a genuine importer of Ultimate Nutrition products?
Which one is good for health, hot milk or cold milk? Why?
What are the health benefits of salami?
What does living off your fat do to you?
How many calories should we take before starting a 24 hour fast?
Are foods with carbs man made?
What kind of light produces vitamin C?
Does Vajrasana also improve the digestion of a liquid diet?
How can I increase absorption of vitamin tablets and supplements that I take daily?
Which diet is proven or highly correlated to being the best for most athletes, especially for sports like combat, basketball, soccer, football etc.?
What are the nutritional benefits of peas?
Can you re-freeze (after microwaving), w/o issue, frozen vegetables?
What is the best diet for housewives?
What is the best diet for Osteopenia?
How much protein and fat should I eat to build and repair my muscles, as I started working out for one hour a day last week?
How do I remain motivated to eat only healthy food and avoid junk food after losing a lot of weight, and how long can any person lead such a life?
What can be the most trending topic on a term paper for food sciences and nutrition management?
Does Dr Gundry's diet as explained in his recent book "The Plant Paradox" work?
Will egg whites help in getting B12?
What basic foods can a skinny person eat to add a little flesh in 3 weeks?
If there was the same amount of protein in 10 gallons of milk and a week’s worth of a variety of food, would it make a difference what I ingested?
Are soaked and peeled almonds really beneficial for health or is it just a myth?
How many calories should a man burn per day?
What foods are worst for energy levels?
What is the worst place to go to a diet?
Does apple cider vinegar decrease bone density in women?
What are healthy foods for those with Crohn's?
What are the (UK) legal implications of writing about nutrition, supplements, and OTC meds about health online?
What vegan diet books do you highly recommend?
Can I survive healthily with just eating plain white rice and water for one month?
Does by eating supari our intelligency gets dull?
Why do people think vitamin D can help with depression?
Can I use meal replacements? Are they reliable?
Which one is better and has no harmful side effects, whey protein or creatine?
How do I make the Protinex protein shake? (Can you answer with the procedure and ingredients?)
What are your favorite bulk herb and supplement providers?
Why is milk known as the complete food even when it lacks iron, copper and vitamin C?
What type of foods should I take to increase the size of my testis?
Which types of food should be avoided to control ESR?
What is your healthy breakfast choice?
Do you eat until you feel full or do you eat until you don't feel hungry?
What is a good, simple daily health habit that has strongly improved your health?
Is there any specific exercise to reduce cholesterol?
Is it safe to consume 3 tablespoons of honey on a daily basis?
Does isolate whey protein powder harm the kidneys and the liver? What is the maximum intake per day for a bodybuilder?
What are the steps to make your metabolism work fast?
What supplement is better: English supplement or Amway supplement?
What are the nutrition facts about cheddar?
How do you choose what to eat that is healthy?
How can I replace my unhealthy habits with healthy ones?
How do I incorporate Moringa powder in my daily food?
Which is the best cheap supplement?
Is it a good idea to take vitamin C to help support the adrenals?
Will you gain weight if you eat unhealty for 1 week?
What are the effects of a balanced diet?
How well do ketogenic diets work?
Is nausea a symptom of iron deficiency?
Why do doctors advise us not to give animal milk to children?
Is taking an injection advisable for vitamin D3 deficiency?
I have removed 90% of added sugars from my diet. Is it possible that this has greatly reduced my seasonal allergies?
What are some ideas of healthy snacks for meetings?
What are the health benefits of eating lasagna?
Why can’t Indian judges and corrupt politicians eat processed food tatti instead of normal food?
If our body's rate of metabolism depends on our way of eating, then does that mean that our body's fat accumulation also depends on it?
Is it healthier to pan fry food with extra virgin olive oil or butter?
Is soy milk unhealthy?
Does tuberous sclerosis provoke a deficiency in any particular bodily vitamin?
If there are 140 calories per 40 grams, how many calories are in 28 grams?
What is the best way to eat boring boiled eggs for protein intake?
Does the sun provide vitamin D to us?
What is it like to eat six meals a day as some healty lifestyle journals suggest? I feel like I can't eat that much.
Does eating junk food in moderation negatively affect athletic performance?
An iridologist told me I need to exclude gluten and dairy from my diet completely and immediately. I'm skeptical. What would you suggest?
Do we need to consume calcium daily?
Can a food expert (nutritionist, doctor, etc.) explain why adding cream to hot green tea diminishes the nutritional value?
What are the health benefits of eating imitation crab meat?
Is there evidence that the "blue-zone” populations are disease free and physically strong, or do they just simply live longer?
What are some healthy meals I can eat if I'm lactose intolerant and allergic to wheat?
What are the top five foods one should eat during pregnancy in order to care for the baby?
Can a person survive by eating only eggs?
How many animal nutrition factory cargill has on China?
Do obese people know just how unhealthy their diet is?
What is a good reason that vending machines should be banned from schools?
What should I eat in the morning? I am an Indian.
Will the instant oat nutrition be different if I eat it without cooking it?
What should I eat and what workout should I do to stop my ribs from showing?
What does saponification do to fat?
Is it fine to take 25,000 IU of vitamin A every day?
What is the best food to eat after sex?
Should I stop drinking milk?
How can I protect myself from eating carpeted fruits?
Does H-Mart kimchi have probiotics?
What does 24 kcal mean? What is the difference between kcal and normal calories?
Is it true that some nuts decrease testosterone?
How long should I wait to eat after abs workout?
Doctors tell you to follow a low protein diet for uric acid, but won't that lead to muscle fatigue? Isn't protein essential?
How can I lose 8 pounds in 3 weeks without exercising?
How much will the weight of a body increase right after the intake of a one kg food item?
Are there some foods that aren't okay in any moderation?
Is panting after a 100-m sprint good or bad for cholesterol?
What is the use of calcium carbide in fruits?
What is the right amount of carbs to eat if you are a little overweight?
Are nuts/almonds/seeds a good substitute for meat as a protein source, especially if you go to the gym ?
What are discretionary calories and what are some examples?
Is mass gainer or whey protein better for bulking up?
Why is sucrose a non-reducing sugar?
Which is more unhealthy, bread butter or paratha sabji?
To create a protein, we need 4 protein, so how does the protein come into existence?
Does the diet plan of Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury work?
How accurate are blood tests for vitamin/mineral deficiency and what factors prevent from getting correct results?
What is the best way to get protein extracted from the brain?
What are healthy fruits that have vitamin D?
In food service, is it important to heat plates so that food doesn't get cold and chill glasses so that drinks don't get warm?
What is a diet plan for gaining muscle?
Has it been proven that our bodies don't process all the protein & nutrients in hybrid and GMO foods like we do with organic & conventional foods?
How can I be vegan, especially as an athlete if beans, nuts, avocados and to an extent bananas/some fruits cause bowel issues/stomach pain & body chills?
Is it necessary to use supplements for bulking? Additionally how much support supplements can provide?
Is mixing different types of food together unhealthy?
Where do you buy authentic protein powder in India?
Has anyone heard of Isotonix Multivitamin?
What is the scope after doing an MSc in food and nutrition?
Is there any coupon code for Ultimate whey protein from HealthKart?
What is the difference between the weight of milk and dahi?
Why do some nutritionist consider pizza an empty calorie food when it covers the four food groups?
Why do protein shakes taste so bad if heated up?
How can I feed/fuel my muscles with protein without gaining weight?
What type of liver is richest in Vitamin D?
What is the most overrated healthy food?
Can someone suggest a low-carb Indian diet?
How can I make body healthy if I cannot afford nutritious diet as I am poor and physically weak?
Is it safe to eat unhealthily for four days straight?
What are recipes of some nutritious and delicious weight gain shakes with around 700-800 calories if possible?
What are the health benefits of urad dal?
What healthy communication tips can you give?
How can you find out which fruits you personally need to eat for nutrients that you personally are lacking?
What is the surface charge for carbohydrates?
What are the pros and cons of vitamin supplements?
What food with the least calories can make me feel more full?
Which is the best protein supplement available?
What will happen if I eat dark chocolates every day?
What’s your daily vitamin regimen include?
Is it healthy to consume 500 grams of chicken every day?
How accurate are the calorie counts on packaging and fitness apps, when it comes to food?
Is eating five or six meals per day healthy?
Food materials containing fat and oil which are left for a long time changes their taste and smell?
How do I learn to count calories if I eat regular food which don't come with calories written on it?
What can a good vegetarian protein source be for body building?
Why am I always hungry late at night? Does it mean that I should eat later or more to dinner?
What percent of sugar is there in honey? Can a diabetic take honey?
Is banana and milk a good combination?
What's the particular function of CDP-choline?
What are three vegetarian and non-vegetarian foods that are high in protein?
What are the health benefits of eating Quorn chicken patties?
Can the male penis get larger with taking supplements?
What are the healthiest products to drink and eat?
Is it ok to take protein shakes or powder?
How important is nutrition when lifting heavy weights?
What are the worst foods for skin?
What is a good vegetarian diet plan for losing weight (Indian diet plan)?
What are the health benefits of eating cornstarch, and why?
What are the similarities between calories and kilocalories?
Glucose is a form of sugar. What is the formula of sugar? Why can’t we prove that sugar has carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen as we can with glucose?
Are food-quality crushed hemp seeds safe to eat? Do they produce negative effects?
I've been strugling to find how many calories does 100 grams of cooked basmati rice have? How much carbs does it have?
Can I eat rice with high cholesterol?
Is parma ham healthy or unhealthy?
What information do nutritional labels contain that you can use to make educated choices on your diet?
What should I eat and drink if I suffer from a vitamin D deficiency?
What foods on Amazon exceed 35 grams of protein per dollar?
How do I get full with a high metabolism?
Is it healthy to eat sandwiches every day as long as the ingredients are changed regularly to achieve a balanced diet?
Does it really make a difference what time of day you eat your meals?
How much does it take to start a quality supplement brand in India?
Does sugar deplete vitamins and minerals in your body?
Is Teem healthy for us?
Can I limit my calories but still eat a little bad?
Why are there studies that prove both paleo/omnivorous & vegan diets are both healthier than each other & debunking each other?
How are platelets able to release the plasma protein thromboplastin if they do not contain a nucleus?
How does a diabetic derive equivalent goodness from a substitute instead of honey (taking into consideration the health benefits and nutritional value)?
What are the best nutritional supplements for osteoarthritis?
What is the protein intake for a veg. diet and a non-veg. diet?
What are the best foods to eat for healthy nails?
What is the scientific name of vitamin B?
How can I measure the calories found in a turkey neck?
How can I be more fit?
How can I stick to counting calories and not falling off the wagon to eat junk food?
Why are blueberries and blackberries so beneficial to human health?
What benefits do we get from vitamins A, B, C and D?
Do smaller cities have less selection of healthy food / fruits than big ones?
Can carbohydrate consumption before bed (<~3 hrs before) cause oversleeping?
What protein is essential for the body?
Why are the diets of older adults often lacking in certain nutrients?
What is the importance of taking vitamins and minerals?
What will happen if I eat 8 maida roti a day for 6 months continuously?
What is the disadvantage of taking normal proteins, like Kabi Pro, Nephro High Protien, Horlix, or Bornvita, daily?
Is eating one time a day harmful?
What will happen to my body if I eat one chicken leg per day for two months?
Is Eat to Live a good diet?
How much creatine and glutamine are included in Myprotein Impact isolate whey protein?
How do I stop eating junk food and stop thinking about food?
Is it okay to take vitamin C every day?
How is a green apple good to eat?
What are the nutritional values found in vegetable shortening?
What's the issue when it's hard to keep liquid and food down when I eat?
What is the difference between the determination of carbohydrate in an environmental sample and in the human body?
Do packed juices retain the health benefits of the fruits?
How much protein does a bodybuilder need?
What do diet experts think are some basic cheap nutritional foods from a basic good grocery store?
What is the role of iron, calcium, zinc and phosphorus in nutrition?
What is a complete diet for a hard-working student?
Why does non-reducing sucrose become a reducing sugar when hydrolysed?
Can one eat a banana as a pre-workout meal combined with whey protein?
Whom should I consult for including a protein supplement in my diet?
What are the similarities between coenzymes and vitamins?
Did anyone buy the whey protein brand called Hilmar?
Why do bacteria grow faster in sour milk than fresh milk?
Is it okay to eat unhealthy once or twice every month? Whenever I do eat "unhealthy" I actually feel full.
Does Korean fermented bean paste have probiotics?
Is there any science behind eating or not eating certain food groups at certain times of the day or times of the year?
Will the calories in legumes (e.g 100g lentils) change when sprouted?
What are the benefits of not eating after 7pm?
What is the best university to study therapeutic nutrition?
What are the most trustworthy (in supplement effectiveness) vegan supplement brands?
Is a vitamin D deficiency a scam?
What is a great combination of nutrients or vitamins I can take to protect against DNA-level damage in my cells?
Is there any specific purpose of being a human being aside from eating, sleeping, earning and accumulating wealth to spend it later on basics, health and luxury? If yes, then what is it according to you?
How does Vitamin A supplementation protect children?
Which Indian food should I eat to gain weight?
Can the Master Cleanse diet ruin my metabolism?
What can I have as a substitute for fruits and vegetables (not readily available) to fulfil my daily nutrient and vitamin intake?
How can I calculate the calories in coffee with cream and sugar?
What is the best and easiest way to make liposomal vitamin C at home?
I want to start eating just bananas for lunch (about 10 per day). Is that healthy? And what will be the effect?
Would working out before exams help reduce stress/increase performance?
Is fish meat healthier than white meat?
What are the health benefits of eating wasabi peas?
Is there such thing as taking too many supplements?
What vitamins are in Bovril?
What is the ideal weekly dosage of vitamin D?
How do you test food to determine its fat content?
Given the choice of beef jerky, pemmican or biltong, which would be better for long term survival?
What are the main factors affecting human nutrition?
Does cool temperature increase metabolism?
How can you describe the difference between coenzymes and vitamins?
What would be the effects of having one Apple a day in your diet?
Is burned food unhealthy?
Is pollock a good substitute for tilapia or pangasius as a source of whitefish protein?
What is the main difference between casein and whey?
How do I choose an omega-3 fish oil?
Can hippos be domesticated as a food source?
Is drinking milk healthy or not?
Does slowing down your digestion of food slow down your metabolism?
Why does sugar not taste as good after drastically reducing the intake of it?
Does Stevia have the same characteristics as refined sugar?
Why hasn't anyone suggested intentionally buying expensive food as a way to control portion sizes?
Why do vitamin D3 tablets need to be chewed instead of swallowed?
What if I skip vegetables and eat pulses on an everyday basis?
Will cycling and swimming for 30 minutes each everyday along with intake of protein rich food increase my height at the age of 16?
Can you really absorb nutrients from powdered products such as protein and vegetable supplements?
I am 13 years old, and I want to eat healthy, what type of food should I eat?
Is it alright to place a closed food storage container in a clothing cabinet?
Is it true that desi ghee is good for health and reduces cholesterol?
What are the 3 best supplements for pregnancy?
Do vitamin IV infusions work to help autoimmune diseases?
Is it proven that soy foods are unhealthy and cause health problems in the long term, especially in men?
How much Omega 3 can a body absorb in a day?
Should it take protein after post workouts without foods?
How much protein should a girl at 60 kg and 4 feet 10 inches consume in order to lose fat?
How can people— especially lactose intolerant ones—reach 100% of their calcium DV on a daily basis if so few foods have a good amount of calcium?
How does Amway nutrilite protein powder works?
Where can I buy proteins at low rate?
What kind of food increases free radicals in the body?
What is the diet for marginal sugar patients?
What vitamins should an older male over 70 take daily?
Does the fleshy part of the cashew have any nutritious value?
How do I consume roasted flax seeds?
Is eating food containing ions good for us? And why?
Why does Gouda cheese have more vitamin K than other cheeses?
What is the nutritional content of a caterpillar?
Which protein is best for abs building?
What are the prerequisites for a master’s in human nutrition?
What are the foods that patients who are allergic to the sun should avoid eating?
What diet should you be on when you feel bloated?
Is there a way to build your body without using supplements?
Are food boxes a good way for a busy person to stay on a calorie controlled diet or are the portions too small?
How much spinach, sprouts, eggs, yogurt (dahi), and other vegetarian sources of food shall I eat in a day to fulfill my daily protein intake need of 150gms?
Can I lose weight by walking 9000 - 12000 steps a day and eating 1200 calories, but adding a small Kit Kat as a late night snack?
Which is a better and cheaper source of protein, eggs or milk?
Are there any risks when it comes to a high sulfur diet? How much is too much?
If grains, wheat, legumes, nuts and seeds cause a leaky gut as well as a few other issues, then how is the Mediterranean diet so healthy?
Is increasing the daily iron intake to above 20mg for postmenopausal women dangerous?
What are the effects of fasting and only drinking warm water for 8 days on a sedentary vs active lifestyle?
Is it ok to drink milk with chapati?
Is our body an oven? If not, why do we count calories in a slimming diet?
Do you follow the same diet on your rest day?
How do I change my family's diet?
Does drinking Soylent mean you have an unhealthy relationship with food?
Do I need to eat more than 2,000 calories a day to increase my weight while bulking?
How can I eat more?
What types of food contain calcium and are helpful for strengthening our bones?
What will happen to my body if I am eating only dates and black tea for 5 days, escaping other food?
What are some cold low/zero-calorie drinks?
Bacon vs. ham vs. sausages, which one is best for bulking?
Why am I no longer affected by coffee after 2 years of consistent daily intake?
Which is the best whey protein supplement in India and is it harmful?
How long can I survive on 1 tablespoon of peanut butter and water per day in an attempt to get some nutrition into me whilst struggling with an E.D.?
Can proper proetin diet can work as fast as protein shake/diet for gym workout (for abs)?
Why do we feel full after eating if it takes several hours to absorb nutrients from food?
How does a bird know that a slice of bread is food?
Why are nuts and seeds so calorie dense?
Should a person with Gilbert Syndrome engage in weight and strength training and follow a high protein diet?
Why do Gujarati eat snacks, such as pani puri, dabeli, etc. for dinner? Does it suffice the nutrients required for the body?
Why do people eat more than what is healthy?
Why are there no new books about food that are as popular and readable as Michael Pollan's books?
Can we drink milk, after eating meat?
How many calories should I eat in order to lose weight based on a 2000 BMR?
Is it bad losing calories when trying to gain muscles?
What type of diet must I do after getting stents?
Which nutrient supplements should I take for insurance against the binding effect of nutrient-poor foods?
Which vegetables and fruits are best to eat daily to reach daily vitamin needs?
What type of stool proves that one is eating a healthy diet?
What is better, BCAA or whey protein?
How many calories are there in 100 grams of fat?
Did I make a mistake? I ate 2 plate of noodles after I have worked out and now I am thinking to do fat burn exercises.
How do I stay consistent on my diet?
What type of foods contain calcium?
What is the best online store to buy Optimum Nutrition Serious Mass - Weight Gainer Protein Powder (the original/genuine product) with the best international importers?
Which is the best whey protein in India and is it harmful?
What did my dietitian likely mean when she told me, "I wish that my other patients had meal plans like yours," in 2011?
What vitamins help with fatigue?
Does red wine have fewer calories than coke?
Will you buy a Vitamin E & Vitamin A men's night face moisturizing cream?
How do I eliminate vitamin B12 and magnesium deficiencies due to the intake of PPIs for acid reflux?
What is the benefit of eating omega-3 for seniors?
How good is kiaro milk?
When you are on a diet and you eat less food, how do you avoid gas formation inside your stomach?
Is It true that dairy and calcium aren't proven to prevent osteoporosis, and aren't linked to healthier bone health?
What are the health benefits of exercise?
Can eating one or two meals a day & meeting daily your calories in a short period of time be healthy? Didn't our ancestors thrive on such a lifestyle?
Should one compulsively eat the food in the plate even if one can't finish it?
What kind of metabolism do thin people have?
What are the best sites with fitness recipes?
What should be the diet chart of a diabetic pregnant vegetarian woman?
Should I take creatine with whey protein to gain muscles?
Which is the best, homemade facial scrub to use, and what are some healthful foods to eat?
What is the healthiest bread, sourdough, wholemeal or grain/seed bread?
Does a spoon full of sugar really help the medicine go down?
Is watermelon high in carbs or fiber?
How do I get lean with a crash diet metabolism?
Is it possible to survive on oyster crackers and water?
How can I start the introduction of an argumentative and persuasive essay on how dieting makes people fat?
What is the nutritional value of an orange?
What's a good diet plan for a woman that weighs 190?
How many BCAA's are in 1 gram of protein?
What is the most nutrient dense fruit?
How do I know if my eating habits are healthy?
How do saturated and unsaturated fats differ?
Is it safe to consume a protein powder which has been sealed in a cardboard box for over 5 months and is about to expire in 4 months?
How many calories should a woman eat?
What should I do to control myself during a diet?
Can I get vitamin D if I sit in the shade?
Is eating sushi a waste of money?
Will steaming a bell pepper inside a cooker reduce its nutritional value?
Can I eat egg, banana and milk together?
What are the effects of micro-nutrients (vitamin supplements) on depression?
Is rare steak unhealthy?
What are some characteristics of the different types of carbohydrates?
Do you think eating too few calories can result in excessive bodily awareness and increased pain perception?
How do I stop eating junk foods and sweets? Whatever weight I lost I gained back.
What kind of food can I eat to build up my metabolism? What kind of exercises do I need to do to get rid of my belly?
What is the difference between sugar free chocolates and no sugar added?
Is the keto diet worth all of this deprivation?
Would it harm me if I take Fat Burner capsules in the morning, along with a whey protein supplement as a post-workout drink?
What are some low-calorie junk foods?
Which subject to take to pursue food and nutrition in 12?
Why is vitamin A given in high quantities in the national immunisation schedule?
What is the difference between isolate and isopure whey protein?
Is nutritional yeast good for you?
Why do you want to get lean?
Why is it that, even though I eat under 2,000 calories daily (unintentionally), I don't lose any weight?
Which protein is better for a diabetic, D-Protin or whey protein?
Is MuscleBlaze raw whey protein good for the health?
What is the major difference between proteins, carbs and calories?
How do I direct my IT career to sports and nutrition?
Is buying catered meals cheaper than weekly food prepping?
Where can I find (free) panel data on protein intake and renal function?
How many calories does my body need if I am swimming 45 minutes daily? What should I include in my diet?
How can I eat 223g of protein, 27g of fats and 122g of carbohydrates in a day?
Could a person really survive in suspended animation for years without any nutrition?
Which is the most nutritious, an apple, an orange, a banana, or a serving of grapes?
What makes B vitamins complex?
Does vitamin C 1000 mg in liquid form react with a plastic bottle?
Is mock duck unhealthy because it comes in a tin and lacks freshness?
What should be a balanced vegetarian diet plan?
Which is the best whey protein supplement?
Is it healthy to have a whey or soya shake for breakfast?
How do I read the calories when the item has seeds or peels?
Why is milk white and what is the process of formation of milk?
What foods would be expected to contain large amounts of cyclooxygenase enzyme (COX1/2)?
If we have an artificial source of the wavelength of sunlight, is that the source of vitamin D?
What are some high-calorie vegetarian foods?
Do the sugar amounts on nutrition labels include all sugar in the product, or do they leave out things like natural sugars or high fructose corn syrup?
How bad is consuming fat?
How many cups of milk is good for a day?
Is canned salmon a reliable source of Omega 3?
How many days can you go constantly eating sugar without sustaining internal damage?
Why don’t people convert to raw veganism when it’s proven to be the best diet?
