Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
Why does a frequency not change?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
What state of matter is jelly?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
What is the best light effect in the world?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
How do I visualize atoms?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
What are neutron stars made of?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
Why does the quality of life matter?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
Is information non-physical?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
What should I learn in physics?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
Do all questions have correct answers?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
What is one second time?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
How physically strong are you?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
How can I find normal force?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
What are the uses of friction?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
How do you explain mass production?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
What is light energy?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
How did Expansion start?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
What Physics classes should I take?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are the coefficients of friction?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
What are some steady music?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
How is resistance related to hardness?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
How do magnets produce electricity?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Does [math]E=mc^2[/math] go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Does mass affect gravity?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
Why do speed affects time in space?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
How can friction be used as an energy?
How does a suspended magnet work?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Which is the best field of physics?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Does audience gives more energy?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What is absolute space?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
What is magnitude in physics?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
What is the atomic structure in physics?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
What is illuminated objects?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
Can I counter light with more light?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
Are we all moving in circles?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
Is coffee related to energy?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Can IR light reach into space?
What is a spinning tool?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
What is the best physical python books?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
What is non-uniform motion?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Are quantum fields energy?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Does mass affect gravity?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is absolute space?
Does movement slow down time?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Why does the quality of life matter?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Is coffee related to energy?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
Can IR light reach into space?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
How can I find normal force?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
How do you explain mass production?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
What state of matter is jelly?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
Is information non-physical?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
Are we all moving in circles?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
What is one second time?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
How does a radial system work?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What are the uses of friction?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What is non-uniform motion?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What are some steady music?
Is our universe in a time loop?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the best light effect in the world?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
What do u mean by Zero order transmission spectrum?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
How does a suspended magnet work?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
How is resistance related to hardness?
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
What are neutron stars made of?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
What is magnitude in physics?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the atomic structure in physics?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is illuminated objects?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
What should I learn in physics?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Does mass affect gravity?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is absolute space?
Does movement slow down time?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Why does the quality of life matter?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Can IR light reach into space?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Are watches affected by gravity?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
How can I find normal force?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
How do you explain mass production?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
What state of matter is jelly?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
Is information non-physical?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is a wave function in physics?
Are we all moving in circles?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
What is one second time?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
How does a radial system work?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What are the uses of friction?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
What is non-uniform motion?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What are some steady music?
Is our universe in a time loop?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
What do u mean by Zero order transmission spectrum?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
How does a suspended magnet work?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
How can one dimension exist?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
How is resistance related to hardness?
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
What are neutron stars made of?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do our bodies emit light?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the atomic structure in physics?
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is illuminated objects?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
What should I learn in physics?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
Is there drag in space?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Does mass affect gravity?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is absolute space?
Does movement slow down time?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Why does the quality of life matter?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Can IR light reach into space?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Are watches affected by gravity?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
How can I find normal force?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
How do you explain mass production?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is left to be explored in physics?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
What state of matter is jelly?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Why is Richard Feynman a well known physicist?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do magnets produce electricity?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
Is information non-physical?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is a wave function in physics?
Are we all moving in circles?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
What is one second time?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
How does a radial system work?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is gain cross over frequency?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What are the uses of friction?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What are some steady music?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
Is our universe in a time loop?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
What do u mean by Zero order transmission spectrum?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
How does a suspended magnet work?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
How is resistance related to hardness?
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
What are neutron stars made of?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do our bodies emit light?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the atomic structure in physics?
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is illuminated objects?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
What should I learn in physics?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Is it possible to build a photonic battery?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
Is there drag in space?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Does mass affect gravity?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is absolute space?
Does movement slow down time?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Will acceleration change with time?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Why does the quality of life matter?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Can IR light reach into space?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What is a monochromatic function?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Are watches affected by gravity?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
How physically strong are you?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
How can I find normal force?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
How do you explain mass production?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is left to be explored in physics?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
What state of matter is jelly?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
How did they weigh an atom?
Is information non-physical?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
How can we exploit our space-time?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is a wave function in physics?
Are we all moving in circles?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
What is one second time?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
What is a pilot wave theory?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
How does a radial system work?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is gain cross over frequency?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What are some steady music?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
Is our universe in a time loop?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
What do u mean by Zero order transmission spectrum?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
How does a suspended magnet work?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Can heat be generated from light?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
How is resistance related to hardness?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
What are neutron stars made of?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
What is the formula of intensity?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do our bodies emit light?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the atomic structure in physics?
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is illuminated objects?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
What should I learn in physics?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
Is there drag in space?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Why does matter exist as it looks like but we know that it’s actually energy?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
Since the Feynman path integrals seem to diverge, why do they work?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
If magnitudes of charges become double, then what will Coulomb's force be?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
What is the meaning of relativity?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Does mass affect gravity?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Do any private colleges provide a 4-year integrated M.Sc+B.Sc physics in India?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is absolute space?
Does movement slow down time?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Will acceleration change with time?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Why does the quality of life matter?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
What would happen if 8 metal-based spheres (half solid spheres and the other hollow) were magnetized and put in an orbit around a magnetic sphere?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
Does your body contain electron protons like metals?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
What does a relative charge do?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
How do I visualize atoms?
Could you build an atom-like structure using oppositely charged plasmas?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
The refractive index of carbon disulphide and glass are 1.63 and 1.5, which is optically denser?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Can IR light reach into space?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
I am from West Bengal. Can I pursue a B.Sc. in agriculture if I passed the HSC with physics, chemistry and math?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What is a monochromatic function?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Are watches affected by gravity?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
How physically strong are you?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
How can I find normal force?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
How much organic chemistry knowledge is required for IPhO?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
How do you explain mass production?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
At which frequency interference will be high at low or high?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
What is the value of critical angle for a material of refractive index root 2?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
What is light energy?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
How can I calculate the theoretical time it would take for a Porsche 911 Turbo S (36,821 lbs.) to go from 0 to 10 mph (0–14.67 ft/s)?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is left to be explored in physics?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
Why does carbon become stable after sharing 4 electron?
What state of matter is jelly?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
When and how was the current system of measuring time founded/evolved?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
Is there a way to create an uneven flow of heat through an object?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the important differences between quantum mechanics and quantum theory?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
What is an intuitive way to understand a tensor product?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
When a ball hits a piece of cloth, is Newton’s third law of motion involved?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
What is a speed droop and why is it needed?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
All objects do not equally oppose change in the state of motion. Why?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Is there a way to counter “The Particle Style” other than the Kamui?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
How did they weigh an atom?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Is information non-physical?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
What would happen if Einstein and Newton met for solving the current mysteries of physics?
What would be the state of the universe if, nucleons were made of electrons and neutrons?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
How can we exploit our space-time?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is a wave function in physics?
When a ray of light travels from air to glass how does its velocity, wavelength and frequency change?
Are we all moving in circles?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
Could a big bang (w/inflation) happen again within our observable universe (say, long after all black holes have evaporated)?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
What are some of the most interesting things we see in quantum physics?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
What is one second time?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
If you don't like physics but going to the engineering program is the only way to keep peace in your family, what would you do?
What is a pilot wave theory?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
How does a radial system work?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
If sound has more velocity in denser mediums then why can't sound pass through glass?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is gain cross over frequency?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
How do people know that sound travels faster in water than through the air?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
Is the formula of getting back in time practical?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Would Richard Muller give me permission to translate Physics for Future Presidents to the Dari language?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
What are some examples of fundamental forces?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
Light and sound are electromagnetic radiation. Likewise, what is the physical description of smell?
How can particle entanglement be observed practically?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What are some steady music?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
What's the procedure to take biology in the class 12 board if I was a student of physics, chemistry, and maths?
Is our universe in a time loop?
What is condensed?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
What is the significance of the inverse square law theory?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
Do you think projectile motion is a good Math IA topic?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
What do u mean by Zero order transmission spectrum?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
What are some orthorhombic examples?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
What is density bottle?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
How does a suspended magnet work?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Can heat be generated from light?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
Has there been any hike in IPCL’s energy charge recently?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
If the moon behaves like an apple, can we behave like an electron or a photon?
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Can you know the wave's probabilities of a particle, before you measure it?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
If water had zero friction hypothetically, and the swimmer pushes the water backward, why would water not be able to exert a force on the swimmer going forward?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
What if we could see the spacetime fabric?
The potential on the midway of a dipole is zero. Is it possible to bring in a charge from infinity without doing any work?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
Is there a way, however advanced, to stop Hawking radiation particles from annihilating each other upon produce?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
How is gravity produced by objects, at an atomic viewpoint, and why is it produced?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Can a particle have the same gravity and move freely on the moon as on the Earth?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
To what extent is the human body an analogy for fundamental chemical engineering principles like heat and mass transfer? Give examples.
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
How can we often use a ray diagram, with only a couple of rays, to solve optical problems even when the situation involves an infinite number of rays?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
What makes light accelarate when it enters a medium of lower refractive index?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
What does internal resistance mean?
How can it take more work to increase an object’s speed from 50mph to 60mph than 0-30 if special, or even Galilean, relativity is correct?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
What is the rate of change of density?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
Is NITK Surathgal College good for one who wants to do an MSc in Physics?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
How did scientists find out that the waves in the water are controlled by the moon?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
Is it easier to pull an object or push it on a levelled plain where friction exists?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
What would happen if, in an atom, all its particles are replaced by anti particles?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
How will the future generation study the traditional maths and physics?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
What would the theoretical effect of time dilation be if the Alcubierre drive were built and used to travel faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
How is resistance related to hardness?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
What is use of the different types of gauges in physics and what exactly are they?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Write the phenomena which are responsible to following converse of matter?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
What are neutron stars made of?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
What is the formula of intensity?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
What is your analysis of physics NEET 2017?
Which are the colleges in Kerala that provide integrated courses in physics?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
What observations led pythagoras and his followers to conclude that the earth was spherical?
Regarding turbomachinery, if I know the inlet (almost radial) airflow and outlet (axial), how can I get the velocity triangles and simple blade geometry?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do our bodies emit light?
Do all particles have the same wavelength in the double slit experiment?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the atomic structure in physics?
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
If a man weighing 65kg lifts a trunk with a mass of 45kg to the top of a building 10m high in one minute, how do you find the power?
Is time absolute?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is illuminated objects?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
What should I learn in physics?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
Do all questions have correct answers?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
How did Plank and Einstein conclude that there must be a quantization of the energy of light?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Why is the red blood cell called a cell when it has no nucleus?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Which of the configurations is more stable- the one having 5 electrons in d shell or the one having 7 electrons in d shell?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
How deep would a 2 km block of gold sink into the Earth? Would it tunnel down to the mantle?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
Where is the gluon fluctuation coming from?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
Is there drag in space?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Why does matter exist as it looks like but we know that it’s actually energy?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
Since the Feynman path integrals seem to diverge, why do they work?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
If time is simultaneous, could one assume that the physical and the metaphysical realms are actually entangled and can influence each other?
Why does a frequency not change?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
What are the effects on gravity of a strong, non-orbiting ring slightly off center in a plane around a spherical planet?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
How would you make money with a time machine?
What does it mean for a particle to be massless? Or for that matter, what is mass?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
If magnitudes of charges become double, then what will Coulomb's force be?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
What is the difference between deflection and displacement?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Does mass affect gravity?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
Do any private colleges provide a 4-year integrated M.Sc+B.Sc physics in India?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is absolute space?
Does movement slow down time?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Will acceleration change with time?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Why does the quality of life matter?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
What would happen if 8 metal-based spheres (half solid spheres and the other hollow) were magnetized and put in an orbit around a magnetic sphere?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
If both magnitudes of charges and the distance between them are doubled, then what will Coulomb's force be?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
Does your body contain electron protons like metals?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
What does a relative charge do?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
How is the formula for the law of inertia applied?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
Is it possible for me too do the electron wave duality experiment at home?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
Would a nuclear-propelled cartridge fire a projectile that travels anywhere close to the speed of light?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
Could you build an atom-like structure using oppositely charged plasmas?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
The refractive index of carbon disulphide and glass are 1.63 and 1.5, which is optically denser?
In the Quantum Zeno effect, what does "watching it" or "making observations" entail? How is "watching" or "observing" defined in these experiments?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
The centrifugal force of the earth balances the gravitational force of the sun. What is the cause of that centrifugal force?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
If you develop a hypothesis then explain an important paradox in physics, whom should you contact to verify it if you are from a poor African country?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Can IR light reach into space?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
I am from West Bengal. Can I pursue a B.Sc. in agriculture if I passed the HSC with physics, chemistry and math?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What is a monochromatic function?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
What is the difference between 1s and 2s orbital?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Are watches affected by gravity?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
What is a time tunnel?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
How can I find normal force?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
How much organic chemistry knowledge is required for IPhO?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
How do you explain mass production?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
At which frequency interference will be high at low or high?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
What is the value of critical angle for a material of refractive index root 2?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Why don’t the innermost electrons of atoms interact electromagnetically with the quarks inside the nucleus?
Is it possible to make a vacuum wire?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
How can I calculate the theoretical time it would take for a Porsche 911 Turbo S (36,821 lbs.) to go from 0 to 10 mph (0–14.67 ft/s)?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
What do you mean by the trace of a function {i.e., Tr (exp(iH)} in quantum field theory?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is left to be explored in physics?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
Why does carbon become stable after sharing 4 electron?
What state of matter is jelly?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
Is there a shape I can add to the opposing edges of a disc to make it rotate more freely on a central axis in the wind?
When and how was the current system of measuring time founded/evolved?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
Why do we see smoke after every burnout? Why not any other state of matter?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
How do I cover the physics O-level syllabus as quickly as possible?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
Is there a way to create an uneven flow of heat through an object?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the important differences between quantum mechanics and quantum theory?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
What is an intuitive way to understand a tensor product?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
When a ball hits a piece of cloth, is Newton’s third law of motion involved?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
What is a speed droop and why is it needed?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
All objects do not equally oppose change in the state of motion. Why?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
What happens to the temperature of a gas when it is expanded freely?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
Is photon truly a photon only in vacuum?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
How do I minimize yaw velocity?
What happens if I put a charged particle on an empty space, and I start to move in relation to the charge? Will I detect a magnetic force/field?
Which websites will help us study physics?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
Two particles are moving in opposite directions with the same speed of 0.8c. What is their relative speed?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Is there a way to counter “The Particle Style” other than the Kamui?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
How did they weigh an atom?
Is information non-physical?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Can I still become a programmer though I failed in physics and chemistry in high school?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
What would happen if Einstein and Newton met for solving the current mysteries of physics?
Is it possible that Einstein was not the first to come up with the theories of general and special relativity?
What would be the state of the universe if, nucleons were made of electrons and neutrons?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What if physics and its laws never existed?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
How can we exploit our space-time?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is a wave function in physics?
When a ray of light travels from air to glass how does its velocity, wavelength and frequency change?
Are we all moving in circles?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
What would happen if we go perpendicular up to the space?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
Could a big bang (w/inflation) happen again within our observable universe (say, long after all black holes have evaporated)?
What are some of the most interesting things we see in quantum physics?
Do we have to imagine extra dimensions if we are to understand the relationship between silicone oil droplet experiments and the behavior of electrons?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
Can you explain the physics of cutting stuff with paper? Seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLXHLRa37_g
...
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
What is one second time?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
Should I study Physics or Engineering in College (debate style answer)?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
What is air column in physics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
If you don't like physics but going to the engineering program is the only way to keep peace in your family, what would you do?
What is a pilot wave theory?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
How does a radial system work?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
If sound has more velocity in denser mediums then why can't sound pass through glass?
If antibonding orbitals are formed as a result of destructive interference, then how are electrons present in those orbitals?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is gain cross over frequency?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What's the essence of smell?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
How do people know that sound travels faster in water than through the air?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
Is the formula of getting back in time practical?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Would Richard Muller give me permission to translate Physics for Future Presidents to the Dari language?
What is the cheapest way to obtain constant mechanical energy?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
In surface tension, how are repulsive forces between the molecules at the bottom balanced by the attractive forces at the surface?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
What are some examples of fundamental forces?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
What do physicists think of the novel Pandora's Keepers?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
Light and sound are electromagnetic radiation. Likewise, what is the physical description of smell?
How can particle entanglement be observed practically?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What are some steady music?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
What's the procedure to take biology in the class 12 board if I was a student of physics, chemistry, and maths?
Is our universe in a time loop?
What is condensed?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
Does a person need to have a lot of knowledge of physics to sense God like Richard Muller does?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
What is the significance of the inverse square law theory?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
Do you think projectile motion is a good Math IA topic?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
What do u mean by Zero order transmission spectrum?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
What are some orthorhombic examples?
Is there anything smaller than a Planck length?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
What is density bottle?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
How does a suspended magnet work?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
Can Quantum level physics be explained using probabilistic patterns of direct causal forces interacting in multi-dimensional space?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
What are some materials with refractive index n~~2 for microwaves and radio waves? Is there a good source of refractive index data for these wavelengths?
Can heat be generated from light?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
Has there been any hike in IPCL’s energy charge recently?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
What is the formula for the law of inertia?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
If the moon behaves like an apple, can we behave like an electron or a photon?
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
Can you know the wave's probabilities of a particle, before you measure it?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
If water had zero friction hypothetically, and the swimmer pushes the water backward, why would water not be able to exert a force on the swimmer going forward?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
What if we could see the spacetime fabric?
The potential on the midway of a dipole is zero. Is it possible to bring in a charge from infinity without doing any work?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
The upper part of my cell phone (receiver, front camera, proximity sensor area) is getting pretty heated up. I’m worried about radiation. Is this heat dangerous?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
If a body's mass depends on time, does an explicit formula exist for the work done by the resultant force over a random curve?
Why does the 4f orbital of Ce have 1 electron and the Pr have 3?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
Is there a way, however advanced, to stop Hawking radiation particles from annihilating each other upon produce?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
How is gravity produced by objects, at an atomic viewpoint, and why is it produced?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Can a particle have the same gravity and move freely on the moon as on the Earth?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
To what extent is the human body an analogy for fundamental chemical engineering principles like heat and mass transfer? Give examples.
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
Is there a closed form for the MRB constant?
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
Was Einstein aware of pilot wave theory?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
Is the uncertainty in quantum mechanics uncertainty because we can't measure it perfectly or is there actual uncertainty going on?
How can we often use a ray diagram, with only a couple of rays, to solve optical problems even when the situation involves an infinite number of rays?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
The radius of the first orbit of a hydrogen atom is 0.529 A°. What will be the radius of the third orbit of He1+ ion?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
A coin and a feather are dropped in a vaccum. Which one will reach the ground first? Why?
What makes light accelarate when it enters a medium of lower refractive index?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
What does internal resistance mean?
How can it take more work to increase an object’s speed from 50mph to 60mph than 0-30 if special, or even Galilean, relativity is correct?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
What is the rate of change of density?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
Is NITK Surathgal College good for one who wants to do an MSc in Physics?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
What is the difference between acoustic/light waves and induced waves which travel through a material?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
How did scientists find out that the waves in the water are controlled by the moon?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
Is it easier to pull an object or push it on a levelled plain where friction exists?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
What would happen if, in an atom, all its particles are replaced by anti particles?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
How will the future generation study the traditional maths and physics?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
Is every kind of field a distortion of spacetime?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Why is the division of two vectors not possible?
What would the theoretical effect of time dilation be if the Alcubierre drive were built and used to travel faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
How is resistance related to hardness?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
What is use of the different types of gauges in physics and what exactly are they?
Can the same side of a cosmological object face its satellite forever? If yes, then how?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
How can a photon be a "wave particle"? How many periods does the photon have? What is the shape of a photon?
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
How does a light beam travel trough vacuum?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Write the phenomena which are responsible to following converse of matter?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
What force pulls liquid towards the ground?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
What is tensile strength testing?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Why do electrons move as a wave around the nucleus in the Bohr model of the atom? Does a matter wave even exist?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
What are neutron stars made of?
Are facts relative?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
What is the formula of intensity?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
What is the significance of the average values of a particular waveform?
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
What is your analysis of physics NEET 2017?
Which are the colleges in Kerala that provide integrated courses in physics?
How would you explain the cosmological principle of the surface of last scattering in the simplest way possible?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
What observations led pythagoras and his followers to conclude that the earth was spherical?
Regarding turbomachinery, if I know the inlet (almost radial) airflow and outlet (axial), how can I get the velocity triangles and simple blade geometry?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do our bodies emit light?
Do all particles have the same wavelength in the double slit experiment?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Why does the friction factor in pipe flow depends on these variables?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the atomic structure in physics?
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
If a man weighing 65kg lifts a trunk with a mass of 45kg to the top of a building 10m high in one minute, how do you find the power?
Is time absolute?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is illuminated objects?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
Was Richard Feynman aware of pilot wave theory?
Why won't two capacitors in parallel give me as much power as one capacitor in a coil gun?
Why E●=E/k? (in electrostatics)
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Is the uncertainty of quantum mechanics related to the unpredictability of living systems?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
What should I learn in physics?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
Do things appear closer to you when traveling at nearly the speed of light towards them?
What is the "adminiom" (not sure about the name) or the permanent magnet used in a free energy generator? Is a free energy generator real or just a lie?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
How did Plank and Einstein conclude that there must be a quantization of the energy of light?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What is the maximum density of hydrogen?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
Does the energy spent using a paper fan make you hotter than you were originally?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Why is the red blood cell called a cell when it has no nucleus?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Which of the configurations is more stable- the one having 5 electrons in d shell or the one having 7 electrons in d shell?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
How deep would a 2 km block of gold sink into the Earth? Would it tunnel down to the mantle?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
Where is the gluon fluctuation coming from?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
How does it feel to do MSC physics from university of Hyderabad?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
Is there drag in space?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Why does matter exist as it looks like but we know that it’s actually energy?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Since the Feynman path integrals seem to diverge, why do they work?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
If time is simultaneous, could one assume that the physical and the metaphysical realms are actually entangled and can influence each other?
How is the cost of using electrical energy reduced by using a large amount of energy for a longer period of time?
Why does a frequency not change?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
Why do we replace the constant "c" with a single coefficient "lambda" when writing a wave equation?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
What is the dimension of area?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
What are the effects on gravity of a strong, non-orbiting ring slightly off center in a plane around a spherical planet?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
How would you make money with a time machine?
What does it mean for a particle to be massless? Or for that matter, what is mass?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
Do mathematical equations in the electric and magnetic field tell us how things behave? Or what is the secret of its behavior in this way?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
Does light carry mass according to E=mc2?
If magnitudes of charges become double, then what will Coulomb's force be?
When traveling at the speed of light, can we go back to the past?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
What is the difference between deflection and displacement?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Should I learn general relativity?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
How are renormalization groups used in theoretical physics?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Does mass affect gravity?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
What are some of the most interesting things we see in quantum physics?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
A photon and Z boson has zero charge, but still has dipole moment. Is it true? If so, how?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
Is the entropy of flat space higher than the same volume of warped space?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Do any private colleges provide a 4-year integrated M.Sc+B.Sc physics in India?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
I am from West Bengal. Can I pursue a B.Sc. in agriculture if I passed the HSC with physics, chemistry and math?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is absolute space?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
Does movement slow down time?
Will acceleration change with time?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Why does the quality of life matter?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
What would happen if 8 metal-based spheres (half solid spheres and the other hollow) were magnetized and put in an orbit around a magnetic sphere?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
How do I calculate the volume of a spheric section if I know the small circle diameter and distance from the apex to the base of the section?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
If both magnitudes of charges and the distance between them are doubled, then what will Coulomb's force be?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
How difficult is it to convert energy into mass?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
Does your body contain electron protons like metals?
If a body is moving in a circle with a variable velocity then what types of accelerations are possible?
In the reaction of HCl, if diffused light is used to give heat energy, can we produce the reaction by giving only heat without light?
What does a relative charge do?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
How is the formula for the law of inertia applied?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
Two cubes of the same dimensions, one of them is totally iron and the other is hallow iron, filled with water: what is the buoyancy force on both?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
Is it possible for me too do the electron wave duality experiment at home?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
Would a nuclear-propelled cartridge fire a projectile that travels anywhere close to the speed of light?
Where should I begin to study math, physics, and chemistry for college?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
Could you build an atom-like structure using oppositely charged plasmas?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
What is the difference between pressure head and height from reference to measure pressure?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
The refractive index of carbon disulphide and glass are 1.63 and 1.5, which is optically denser?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
In the Quantum Zeno effect, what does "watching it" or "making observations" entail? How is "watching" or "observing" defined in these experiments?
Why is the gear ratio always bigger than 1 while the speed ratio is always less than one?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
What is Maxwell’s wave equation?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
The centrifugal force of the earth balances the gravitational force of the sun. What is the cause of that centrifugal force?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
If you develop a hypothesis then explain an important paradox in physics, whom should you contact to verify it if you are from a poor African country?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Can IR light reach into space?
At resonance, do objects make oscillations with its natural frequency at higher amplitudes?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
In what direction would the air resistance applied on a ball be acting when the ball is at its highest position after being thrown vertically upwards?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
If electrons exist in discrete energy levels, how can they gain energy without dissipating it immediately? Do they remain in the energy level?
A point source of 3000 lumens is located at a centre of cube with sides of 2m. What is the flux through one face of the cube?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What is a monochromatic function?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
What is the difference between 1s and 2s orbital?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Are watches affected by gravity?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
How physically strong are you?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
Which of the following graphs correctly show the speed and the corresponding distance covered by an object moving along a straight line?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
How do they obtain the data on the relative abundance of isotopes? For example, how do you know that 75.5% of all chlorine atoms have an MW of 35?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
What is a time tunnel?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
How can I find normal force?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
Can you explain the physics of cutting stuff with paper? Seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLXHLRa37_g
...
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
How do you explain mass production?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Why do people ask for "unknown facts" all the time?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
At which frequency interference will be high at low or high?
What is the value of critical angle for a material of refractive index root 2?
Are black holes like cosmic whirl pools that break matter down into its finest form, spew out like a solar flare, and then the vacuum pushes it right back in?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Why don’t the innermost electrons of atoms interact electromagnetically with the quarks inside the nucleus?
Why does an energy band bend?
Is it possible to make a vacuum wire?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
How can I calculate the theoretical time it would take for a Porsche 911 Turbo S (36,821 lbs.) to go from 0 to 10 mph (0–14.67 ft/s)?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
What do you mean by the trace of a function {i.e., Tr (exp(iH)} in quantum field theory?
Can we transmit energy from one point to another, which are far apart (say Earth and Moon), without any physical connection between them (eg. wire)?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
If the Earth presumably has a homogeneous density, why would its gravitational force decrease with us on it (Halliday's Fundamentals of Physics)?
Which atoms deviate from going 4s2 then 3d10?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
What is left to be explored in physics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Why does carbon become stable after sharing 4 electron?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
What state of matter is jelly?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
How can I mathematically show the relation between the launch height and the range covered by the projectile?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
Is there a shape I can add to the opposing edges of a disc to make it rotate more freely on a central axis in the wind?
When and how was the current system of measuring time founded/evolved?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
Why do we see smoke after every burnout? Why not any other state of matter?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
Does every particle have a gravitational pull?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
What are the specific heat capacities of water and steam?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Why is Richard Feynman a well known physicist?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
How do I cover the physics O-level syllabus as quickly as possible?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How could we determine the direction of a lone pair in an atom?
Is there a way to create an uneven flow of heat through an object?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the important differences between quantum mechanics and quantum theory?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
How fast would a space ship have to be going for the effects of relativity to be noticeable when the crew returned?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is an intuitive way to understand a tensor product?
Why do many constants in physics have term of 4 pi with them?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
How bright would the night sky be on an Earth-like planet orbiting a Sun-like star central to a very dense globular cluster such as 47-Tucanae?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
When a ball hits a piece of cloth, is Newton’s third law of motion involved?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a speed droop and why is it needed?
All objects do not equally oppose change in the state of motion. Why?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
What happens to the temperature of a gas when it is expanded freely?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
What are Wave Equation applications?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
Is photon truly a photon only in vacuum?
8 billion people live in this world. How can I meet them all?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How are antiprotons formed?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
Which websites will help us study physics?
How do I minimize yaw velocity?
What happens if I put a charged particle on an empty space, and I start to move in relation to the charge? Will I detect a magnetic force/field?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
Two particles are moving in opposite directions with the same speed of 0.8c. What is their relative speed?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Is there a way to counter “The Particle Style” other than the Kamui?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
How did they weigh an atom?
Is information non-physical?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Can I still become a programmer though I failed in physics and chemistry in high school?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Quantum mechanics states that anything can have wave characteristics. What is the shortest possible wavelength of anything?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
What would happen if Einstein and Newton met for solving the current mysteries of physics?
Is it possible that Einstein was not the first to come up with the theories of general and special relativity?
What would be the state of the universe if, nucleons were made of electrons and neutrons?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
What is the physical significance of an infinite series?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
A laser light can be sharply focused due to which property?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What if physics and its laws never existed?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
How can we exploit our space-time?
How do I understand mercury energy diagram with mercury vapor lamp spectrum?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is a wave function in physics?
When a ray of light travels from air to glass how does its velocity, wavelength and frequency change?
Electrostatics is said to be the study of Laplace’s equation, so what will the equivalent counterpart be for Magnetostatics?
Are we all moving in circles?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
What would happen if we go perpendicular up to the space?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Could a big bang (w/inflation) happen again within our observable universe (say, long after all black holes have evaporated)?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
What are the constraints to packing a container ship?
How does resistance vary with diameter?
Do we have to imagine extra dimensions if we are to understand the relationship between silicone oil droplet experiments and the behavior of electrons?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
What is one second time?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
What is air column in physics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
If you don't like physics but going to the engineering program is the only way to keep peace in your family, what would you do?
What is a pilot wave theory?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
How does a radial system work?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
What is the cause of a non-stationary interference pattern?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
If the combined mass of an electron and a positron was approximately 1 MeV/c^2, then would the total energy of their annihilation be equal to (9*10^16) MeV?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
If antibonding orbitals are formed as a result of destructive interference, then how are electrons present in those orbitals?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
If sound has more velocity in denser mediums then why can't sound pass through glass?
How do you bore a hole into a glass without breaking it?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is gain cross over frequency?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What's the essence of smell?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
Why do we need infinite energy in order to move an object moving at the speed of light?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
How do people know that sound travels faster in water than through the air?
Is the formula of getting back in time practical?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
Who are currently the leading personalities in Quantum Field Theory?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
Is it a reality or rumours that “time crystals” are a new state of matter? First of all, what are “time crystals”?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
Who is Jack Fraser's favorite physicist?
Would Richard Muller give me permission to translate Physics for Future Presidents to the Dari language?
What is the cheapest way to obtain constant mechanical energy?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
In surface tension, how are repulsive forces between the molecules at the bottom balanced by the attractive forces at the surface?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
Is it feasible to graduate at age 35 as a physicist in RSA?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
What are some examples of fundamental forces?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
What are some careers that can be considered by a person interested in physics, mathematics and computer science?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
What was the physics going behind the Moon landing when the hammering sound was heard in the vastness of space?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
How can one find out the height of an elevated area by measuring the time taken by a body during free fall?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
What do physicists think of the novel Pandora's Keepers?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
What is the aim of Young's double slit experiment?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
Light and sound are electromagnetic radiation. Likewise, what is the physical description of smell?
How can particle entanglement be observed practically?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What are some steady music?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
What's the procedure to take biology in the class 12 board if I was a student of physics, chemistry, and maths?
Is our universe in a time loop?
Why must an existing arbitrary length or distance (not necessarily on a straight line) be a constructible number related to any existing unit?
What is condensed?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the difference between matter and radiation?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
Are Physics Review Letter articles highly speculative?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the degree of degeneracy?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
Does a person need to have a lot of knowledge of physics to sense God like Richard Muller does?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What is the significance of the inverse square law theory?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Do you think projectile motion is a good Math IA topic?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
What do u mean by Zero order transmission spectrum?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
What are some orthorhombic examples?
Is there anything smaller than a Planck length?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
What is the direction of electric force?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
How do I prove interference does not occur in an involute gear?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
What is density bottle?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
How does a suspended magnet work?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
Why can't we find the exact position of a spinning electron? What are some other examples of things we can't predict by calculus?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
How is electromagnetic torque produced?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
Can you study for math, physics, chemistry and other subjects in 2 weeks?
Due to the constant reaction of H and He atoms on the sun, can the sun vanish?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
What are some materials with refractive index n~~2 for microwaves and radio waves? Is there a good source of refractive index data for these wavelengths?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Can Quantum level physics be explained using probabilistic patterns of direct causal forces interacting in multi-dimensional space?
Can heat be generated from light?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
Has there been any hike in IPCL’s energy charge recently?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
Can a steady object have acceleration?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
What is the formula for the law of inertia?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
If the moon behaves like an apple, can we behave like an electron or a photon?
Why, in certain 3-phase connections, the magnetizing current is sinusoidal but the core flux then becomes nonsinusoidal?
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What is Coriolis force and its significance?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
Can you know the wave's probabilities of a particle, before you measure it?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
If water had zero friction hypothetically, and the swimmer pushes the water backward, why would water not be able to exert a force on the swimmer going forward?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
Can a volume of distribution have a volume equal to a true anatomic volume in the body?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
What if we could see the spacetime fabric?
The potential on the midway of a dipole is zero. Is it possible to bring in a charge from infinity without doing any work?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
The upper part of my cell phone (receiver, front camera, proximity sensor area) is getting pretty heated up. I’m worried about radiation. Is this heat dangerous?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
Hasn’t quantum mechanics became just an obscure pop science topic rather than a real scientific challenge?
What is the expression of a magnetic moment?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
What is the difference between collapse pressure and burst pressure with a w.r.t. casing?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
How do I ask my girlfriend for physical relations?
If a body's mass depends on time, does an explicit formula exist for the work done by the resultant force over a random curve?
Why does the 4f orbital of Ce have 1 electron and the Pr have 3?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
Can the flux lines of a magnetic field be pinched off like a FET gate pinches off electron flow?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
If all of the atoms in a magnetic material "participated" how much stronger would the magnetic strength be as compared to currently available magnets?
Is there a way, however advanced, to stop Hawking radiation particles from annihilating each other upon produce?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
How is gravity produced by objects, at an atomic viewpoint, and why is it produced?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Can a particle have the same gravity and move freely on the moon as on the Earth?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
What is the thing that makes light luminous?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
How do we walk according to Newton's third law of motion?
How can you relate "law of conservation of mass" and "law of conservation of energy"?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
To what extent is the human body an analogy for fundamental chemical engineering principles like heat and mass transfer? Give examples.
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Did people really convert mass to energy completely in practical?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
Is there a closed form for the MRB constant?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
Was Einstein aware of pilot wave theory?
What is the fundamental difference between magnetism and gravity?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
Is the uncertainty in quantum mechanics uncertainty because we can't measure it perfectly or is there actual uncertainty going on?
How can we often use a ray diagram, with only a couple of rays, to solve optical problems even when the situation involves an infinite number of rays?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
The radius of the first orbit of a hydrogen atom is 0.529 A°. What will be the radius of the third orbit of He1+ ion?
The tension of piano wire is 10N. What would be the tension needed to produce double the frequency?
What is a vacuum casting of metal?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
If lightning is a very high frequency current of energy, why is it so hot?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In the p subshell of an atom, how does pz=0?
What makes light accelarate when it enters a medium of lower refractive index?
What does internal resistance mean?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
How can it take more work to increase an object’s speed from 50mph to 60mph than 0-30 if special, or even Galilean, relativity is correct?
A coin and a feather are dropped in a vaccum. Which one will reach the ground first? Why?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
What is the rate of change of density?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
Is NITK Surathgal College good for one who wants to do an MSc in Physics?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
The number of electrons increases as the value of principle Quantum number increases, then why do they say that the electron density decreases with the increase of distance?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Can there be a reversible constant pressure or constant volume processes?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
What is the difference between acoustic/light waves and induced waves which travel through a material?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
How can we visualize the fourth dimension?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
How did scientists find out that the waves in the water are controlled by the moon?
Is it easier to pull an object or push it on a levelled plain where friction exists?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
What expression can be derived for the maximum height reached when a body is projected vertically upwards?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
What would happen if, in an atom, all its particles are replaced by anti particles?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
Why do physicists assume that living systems function in a steady state when rapid internal and external fluctuations would seem to preclude this?
How will the future generation study the traditional maths and physics?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
Is every kind of field a distortion of spacetime?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Why is the division of two vectors not possible?
What would the theoretical effect of time dilation be if the Alcubierre drive were built and used to travel faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
Are there any similarities between a saw-wave sound and a distorted sound?
How much force does a body, say an apple, exert on the earth?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
How is resistance related to hardness?
Can the same side of a cosmological object face its satellite forever? If yes, then how?
What is use of the different types of gauges in physics and what exactly are they?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
How can a photon be a "wave particle"? How many periods does the photon have? What is the shape of a photon?
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
Besides photons, do other sub-atomic particles have frequencies?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
How does a light beam travel trough vacuum?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Write the phenomena which are responsible to following converse of matter?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
What would happen and how would it change our lives if the Earth started to spin in the opposite direction?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
What force pulls liquid towards the ground?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
What is tensile strength testing?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Why do electrons move as a wave around the nucleus in the Bohr model of the atom? Does a matter wave even exist?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Should I study Physics at university if I got a C in my high school final Math exam?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
What are neutron stars made of?
Why does the weight of a body differ from place to place?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
Are facts relative?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
Should I study Physics or Engineering in College (debate style answer)?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
What is the formula of intensity?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
What is the significance of the average values of a particular waveform?
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
What is your analysis of physics NEET 2017?
Which are the colleges in Kerala that provide integrated courses in physics?
How would you explain the cosmological principle of the surface of last scattering in the simplest way possible?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
What observations led pythagoras and his followers to conclude that the earth was spherical?
Regarding turbomachinery, if I know the inlet (almost radial) airflow and outlet (axial), how can I get the velocity triangles and simple blade geometry?
Can photons use the space-time fabric as a medium?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do our bodies emit light?
Do all particles have the same wavelength in the double slit experiment?
What do you mean by density?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of T=hf/2k then what would be the average energy of vibration in terms of kT?
Why does the friction factor in pipe flow depends on these variables?
Do we change our future an infinite number of times within every million fractions of a second?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
What is the atomic structure in physics?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
Is time absolute?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
If a man weighing 65kg lifts a trunk with a mass of 45kg to the top of a building 10m high in one minute, how do you find the power?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is illuminated objects?
Two bodies of masses m and 3m are vertically thrown upward with the same velocity. On coming back to earth, will they have the same velocity or zero velocity?
According to Newton, each mass attracts every other mass. Why doesn’t the whole mass of the universe join together to form a super lump?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
How are transistor voltages ultimately translated into computer instructions?
Was Richard Feynman aware of pilot wave theory?
Why won't two capacitors in parallel give me as much power as one capacitor in a coil gun?
Why E●=E/k? (in electrostatics)
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
Why are the iron losses assumed to be constant in the Swinburne test?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
What is the difference between a critical speed and a whirling speed?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Is the uncertainty of quantum mechanics related to the unpredictability of living systems?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
What are the properties of helium?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
We can find the mass of the sun in books, but is that really true? How are masses of heavenly bodies measured?
What should I learn in physics?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
Do things appear closer to you when traveling at nearly the speed of light towards them?
What is the "adminiom" (not sure about the name) or the permanent magnet used in a free energy generator? Is a free energy generator real or just a lie?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Is it possible to build a photonic battery?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
What are the physics streams available for a B.Tech in India?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
What actually is virtual displacement?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
Why does fusion use mass for energy?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
Why do objects appear close together from a far distance?
How did Plank and Einstein conclude that there must be a quantization of the energy of light?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
Was Albert Einstein working on anything before he died?
Out of a K-positive meson and a K-neutral meson, whose decay is preferred?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
Is space created when matter turns into energy?
Which endothermic process absorbs the greatest amount of energy?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
How would it be for a real shapeshifter to turn into another form with different masses and chemicals?
What was the exact physical problem or defect of Chitraveerya and Vichitraveerya in Mahabharata?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
Will the time dilation at the speed of light move us into the past or future?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What is the maximum density of hydrogen?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
Does the energy spent using a paper fan make you hotter than you were originally?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Won't the development of humans be very fast when all of us study Quantum physics instead of arts and fashion designing?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
What is relativity and time?
Why is the red blood cell called a cell when it has no nucleus?
How much organic chemistry knowledge is required for IPhO?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
Which of the configurations is more stable- the one having 5 electrons in d shell or the one having 7 electrons in d shell?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
Are all objects in space in motion? If so, why the high velocities?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
Can increasing pressure give a non-linear enthalpy response?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What are the elastic properties of the earth on which the velocity of seismic waves depend?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
What will the magnetic field of a neutron star do to me if I'm standing on its surface (ignoring the gravity and surface heat of the star)?
What is the stipend given for an integrated physics course through JEST?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
How deep would a 2 km block of gold sink into the Earth? Would it tunnel down to the mantle?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
Where is the gluon fluctuation coming from?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
What is the best physical python books?
Approximately what is the number of atoms in one virus?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
Why are electrons called "negative"?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
How does it feel to do MSC physics from university of Hyderabad?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
What is the reading on a weighing scale when the elevator is accelerating upwards?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Can the frequency and wavelength of a particular light wave be changed? If so, how, and in what range of values?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Where can I learn differentiation and integration from the beginning?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
Is there drag in space?
The adjacent p orbitals of allylic carbon are perpendicular to each other, even though resonance occurs between them. Why?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
Is work done by a force acting on an object when the object is moving with uniform velocity?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
Could the "Cold Spot" really be proof of another dimensions?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
How is the cost of using electrical energy reduced by using a large amount of energy for a longer period of time?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Do people in space actually age slower and live longer or is it just by our definition of what time is?
How would you make money with a time machine?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
Would light change its speed while orbiting in the event horizon?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Do any private colleges provide a 4-year integrated M.Sc+B.Sc physics in India?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Why does the quality of life matter?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
Is it possible for me too do the electron wave duality experiment at home?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
If electrons exist in discrete energy levels, how can they gain energy without dissipating it immediately? Do they remain in the energy level?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
Why won't two capacitors in parallel give me as much power as one capacitor in a coil gun?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
At which frequency interference will be high at low or high?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
What is the value of critical angle for a material of refractive index root 2?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Why don’t the innermost electrons of atoms interact electromagnetically with the quarks inside the nucleus?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
Why does the value of K not change with the addition of a catalyst if its activation energy changes?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Can we transmit energy from one point to another, which are far apart (say Earth and Moon), without any physical connection between them (eg. wire)?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
What is left to be explored in physics?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
What will happen if two inclined ramp car collided with each other, which car will jump/flip?
Why does carbon become stable after sharing 4 electron?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
When and how was the current system of measuring time founded/evolved?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
Does every particle have a gravitational pull?
Why does the separation between successive equipotential surfaces get wider as the distance from the charges increases?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How could we determine the direction of a lone pair in an atom?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
What is an intuitive way to understand a tensor product?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
When a ball hits a piece of cloth, is Newton’s third law of motion involved?
How do you choose the particle number when applying DMRG to the Bose-Hubbard model?
What are Wave Equation applications?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
Why does acceleration of water in a tank increase when we go upward?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
How do I minimize yaw velocity?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
What happens if I put a charged particle on an empty space, and I start to move in relation to the charge? Will I detect a magnetic force/field?
Two particles are moving in opposite directions with the same speed of 0.8c. What is their relative speed?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Why are there 130 chemical elements instead of an infinite number?
What would be the state of the universe if, nucleons were made of electrons and neutrons?
How many neutrons can a cadmium control rod absorb before it becomes unable to absorb additional neutrons?
What if physics and its laws never existed?
Are we all moving in circles?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What is the dielectric constant of a medium?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
How do I show that, for the adiabatic expansion of an ideal gas, PV^=constant?
Do we have to imagine extra dimensions if we are to understand the relationship between silicone oil droplet experiments and the behavior of electrons?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
How did Newton discover the law of motion?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If electricity is flow of electrons, why is the velocity of flow of current is not the velocity of electrons?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
How does a radial system work?
What are the elastic properties of the earth on which the velocity of seismic waves depend?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What is the direction of electron flow in an electrolytic cell?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What have matrices been used to model in physics?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What happens to acceleration when a body moves upwards?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
Is it a reality or rumours that “time crystals” are a new state of matter? First of all, what are “time crystals”?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
To find the direction of a magnetic force on a proton, which hand rule must you use?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Why aren't atoms with anti-protons and anti-electrons natural?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
What do physicists think of the novel Pandora's Keepers?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
What is the physics behind a fidget spinner while spinning?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
Light and sound are electromagnetic radiation. Likewise, what is the physical description of smell?
How can I get a fully-funded stipend for an MSc in physics?
How can particle entanglement be observed practically?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
Is our universe in a time loop?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the difference between matter and radiation?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Is there anything smaller than a Planck length?
What are some orthorhombic examples?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
What is density bottle?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
If we remove electrons from each atom or molecule on the earth, can the earth be charged?
Can heat be generated from light?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
What would be the change in the wavelength range if a source of gravity waves recedes at 0.9c from us? Do gravity waves act in the same way?
Has there been any hike in IPCL’s energy charge recently?
If a Q charge is placed near centre of cavity of a conducting sphere, then what is the electrical field at any outside point?
Any complicated motion of a rigid body can be separated as the motion of the center of mass and pure rotation about the center of mass. Why is this true?
Why do we use atomic rather than nuclear masses in analyzing most nuclear decay and reaction processes?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
Why, in certain 3-phase connections, the magnetizing current is sinusoidal but the core flux then becomes nonsinusoidal?
If the moon behaves like an apple, can we behave like an electron or a photon?
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What is Coriolis force and its significance?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
Is the mass of a body a relative term or an inherent property? Does it depend on its velocity, which itself is a relative term?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
The potential on the midway of a dipole is zero. Is it possible to bring in a charge from infinity without doing any work?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
Is the electron probability density cloud for 1 shell (K shell) the same across all elements?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
Why does the 4f orbital of Ce have 1 electron and the Pr have 3?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
Why does the first law of thermodynamics not explain the source of energy?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Was Einstein aware of pilot wave theory?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
The radius of the first orbit of a hydrogen atom is 0.529 A°. What will be the radius of the third orbit of He1+ ion?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
The tension of piano wire is 10N. What would be the tension needed to produce double the frequency?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
What makes light accelarate when it enters a medium of lower refractive index?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What does internal resistance mean?
Through what experiments did Max Planck find out about blackbody radiation?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
What is the difference between acoustic/light waves and induced waves which travel through a material?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
What expression can be derived for the maximum height reached when a body is projected vertically upwards?
What happens to pressure with an increase in temperature?
Is there any change in the speed of light travel from rarer to denser mediums, normally?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
Many physicists have said that quantum mechanics makes no sense. What needs to be discovered/understood for quantum mechanics to make sense?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Why is the division of two vectors not possible?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
How can a photon be a "wave particle"? How many periods does the photon have? What is the shape of a photon?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
Besides photons, do other sub-atomic particles have frequencies?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Could Dr. Sourabh Dube tell us about the collaboration of the experimental high energy physics group at the IISER in Pune with CERN?
What would happen and how would it change our lives if the Earth started to spin in the opposite direction?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
Can Richard Muller explain or prove the existence of God by any laws of physics?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
What are neutron stars made of?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
Should I study Physics or Engineering in College (debate style answer)?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
Which are the colleges in Kerala that provide integrated courses in physics?
Can photons use the space-time fabric as a medium?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
If a man weighing 65kg lifts a trunk with a mass of 45kg to the top of a building 10m high in one minute, how do you find the power?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
According to Newton, each mass attracts every other mass. Why doesn’t the whole mass of the universe join together to form a super lump?
What is illuminated objects?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
Was Richard Feynman aware of pilot wave theory?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Why is it that when an electron is added to a neutral atom and still experiences an attraction to the nucleus, is energy given off?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
Why do objects appear close together from a far distance?
How did Plank and Einstein conclude that there must be a quantization of the energy of light?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
What happens to the light in the long run? Does it continue its trajectory or does it fade out?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are all objects in space in motion? If so, why the high velocities?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
What do parallaxes have to do with why most organisms have two eyes?
If antimatter annihilation releases energy, could this energy decay back into matter?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
Where is the gluon fluctuation coming from?
Why are electrons called "negative"?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Can the frequency and wavelength of a particular light wave be changed? If so, how, and in what range of values?
Is there a formula to calculate a car's acceleration from wheel torque?
The adjacent p orbitals of allylic carbon are perpendicular to each other, even though resonance occurs between them. Why?
Could the "Cold Spot" really be proof of another dimensions?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why does matter exist as it looks like but we know that it’s actually energy?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
Since the Feynman path integrals seem to diverge, why do they work?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
If one were traveling at the speed of light, theoretically would they be able to run through a brick wall?
What is the dimension of area?
What does it mean for a particle to be massless? Or for that matter, what is mass?
Do mathematical equations in the electric and magnetic field tell us how things behave? Or what is the secret of its behavior in this way?
Does light carry mass according to E=mc2?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
What is the difference between deflection and displacement?
What is the meaning of relativity?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Which has the same numerical value both in the Kelvin scale and the Centigrade scale?
What will happen if a solid football made of tungsten is thrown from space on any big city?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
If you fired a bullet in a stable orbit and maintained your position, would it hit you in the back of the head?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is absolute space?
What will happen if radio waves enter a black hole?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
How did God code the rules on how to behave or how to act into the atoms?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
What would happen if 8 metal-based spheres (half solid spheres and the other hollow) were magnetized and put in an orbit around a magnetic sphere?
How can I easily memorize formulas in physics, chemistry, and math for IITJEE?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
How many marks increase in the case of the physics paper in 2017?
If both magnitudes of charges and the distance between them are doubled, then what will Coulomb's force be?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
In the reaction of HCl, if diffused light is used to give heat energy, can we produce the reaction by giving only heat without light?
Is there any relation between the number of generalized coordinates and the degrees of freedom in classical mechanics?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Two cubes of the same dimensions, one of them is totally iron and the other is hallow iron, filled with water: what is the buoyancy force on both?
Where should I begin to study math, physics, and chemistry for college?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
Could you build an atom-like structure using oppositely charged plasmas?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
In the Quantum Zeno effect, what does "watching it" or "making observations" entail? How is "watching" or "observing" defined in these experiments?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Can IR light reach into space?
In what direction would the air resistance applied on a ball be acting when the ball is at its highest position after being thrown vertically upwards?
A point source of 3000 lumens is located at a centre of cube with sides of 2m. What is the flux through one face of the cube?
What is a line spectrum?
What is a monochromatic function?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is zero energy, and where does it come from?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
Are watches affected by gravity?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
How physically strong are you?
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
How are the charged particles from the sun deflected towards the poles?
How do they obtain the data on the relative abundance of isotopes? For example, how do you know that 75.5% of all chlorine atoms have an MW of 35?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
What happens to the light after traveling very long distance (without being absorbed)? Does it fade away?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
How can I find normal force?
Can you explain the physics of cutting stuff with paper? Seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLXHLRa37_g
...
In simple terms, why does matter change its state?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
What is relativity and time?
What is the status of the experimental search for tachyons?
Which is faster: the speed of light or the energy particle released from an cyclotron?
Is it possible to make a vacuum wire?
How can I calculate the theoretical time it would take for a Porsche 911 Turbo S (36,821 lbs.) to go from 0 to 10 mph (0–14.67 ft/s)?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
What are some examples of fundamental forces?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
Which atoms deviate from going 4s2 then 3d10?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
What is the most unstable element?
Is there a shape I can add to the opposing edges of a disc to make it rotate more freely on a central axis in the wind?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
How bright would the night sky be on an Earth-like planet orbiting a Sun-like star central to a very dense globular cluster such as 47-Tucanae?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
What happens to the temperature of a gas when it is expanded freely?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
How can I prepare physics and chemistry?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
Why, when white light passes between two slits, the central light is white and blue fringes form closer to the centre?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
How did they weigh an atom?
Can I still become a programmer though I failed in physics and chemistry in high school?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
What would happen if Einstein and Newton met for solving the current mysteries of physics?
How can we exploit our space-time?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
What is a wave function in physics?
Wouldn't PE become arbitrarily large the closer an object gets to Earth?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Could a big bang (w/inflation) happen again within our observable universe (say, long after all black holes have evaporated)?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
If I fired a shotgun in outer space, would the shots float in space ad infinitum?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What is a pilot wave theory?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
If the combined mass of an electron and a positron was approximately 1 MeV/c^2, then would the total energy of their annihilation be equal to (9*10^16) MeV?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
If antibonding orbitals are formed as a result of destructive interference, then how are electrons present in those orbitals?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
How do you bore a hole into a glass without breaking it?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
A fish is able to jump vertically out of the water with a speed of 4.59 m/s. What is the speed of the fish as it passes a point 0.53 m above the water?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What is the cheapest way to obtain constant mechanical energy?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Is it feasible to graduate at age 35 as a physicist in RSA?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
What are some careers that can be considered by a person interested in physics, mathematics and computer science?
What was the physics going behind the Moon landing when the hammering sound was heard in the vastness of space?
How is the design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
What is the aim of Young's double slit experiment?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
What is condensed?
Why must an existing arbitrary length or distance (not necessarily on a straight line) be a constructible number related to any existing unit?
Are Physics Review Letter articles highly speculative?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the degree of degeneracy?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
How do I prove interference does not occur in an involute gear?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
How is electromagnetic torque produced?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
What is the meaning of charge density?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What are the scope of atomic physics?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
Can a volume of distribution have a volume equal to a true anatomic volume in the body?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
The upper part of my cell phone (receiver, front camera, proximity sensor area) is getting pretty heated up. I’m worried about radiation. Is this heat dangerous?
What is the difference between collapse pressure and burst pressure with a w.r.t. casing?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
If a body's mass depends on time, does an explicit formula exist for the work done by the resultant force over a random curve?
Can the flux lines of a magnetic field be pinched off like a FET gate pinches off electron flow?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
If all of the atoms in a magnetic material "participated" how much stronger would the magnetic strength be as compared to currently available magnets?
What should we do to get a bachelor’s degree in physics?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
How did we decide that the rest mass of photon is 0?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
How do we walk according to Newton's third law of motion?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is there a closed form for the MRB constant?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What is meant by the spring constant, k, of a spring? How would you measure k?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
Is the uncertainty in quantum mechanics uncertainty because we can't measure it perfectly or is there actual uncertainty going on?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
What is a vacuum casting of metal?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
In David Bohm’s “Quantum Theory,” he writes this as the Hamiltonian for a particle with angular momentum. Where does the 2r∂∂r2r∂∂r\frac{2}{r}\frac{\partial }{\partial r} term come from?
How can it take more work to increase an object’s speed from 50mph to 60mph than 0-30 if special, or even Galilean, relativity is correct?
Why do some planets in our solar system have more than one moon, yet we only have one?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
What is the rate of change of density?
Is NITK Surathgal College good for one who wants to do an MSc in Physics?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
How much energy will be produced when 1 litre of liquid hydrogen is burnt?
What would happen if, in an atom, all its particles are replaced by anti particles?
How will the future generation study the traditional maths and physics?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How close are we to significantly reducing the weight of rocket ships?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
How much force does a body, say an apple, exert on the earth?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
Can the same side of a cosmological object face its satellite forever? If yes, then how?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Write the phenomena which are responsible to following converse of matter?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
In which state of matter is the kinetic energy of the particles of a substance the greatest?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Why does the weight of a body differ from place to place?
Are facts relative?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
How can friction be used as an energy?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What is the formula of intensity?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
To what extent does the centrifugal force of a neutron star's rotation cancel out it's enormous gravitational force?
How would you explain the cosmological principle of the surface of last scattering in the simplest way possible?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Do our bodies emit light?
Do we change our future an infinite number of times within every million fractions of a second?
What is the atomic structure in physics?
Is time absolute?
If a body is moving in a circle with a variable velocity then what types of accelerations are possible?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
Why are the iron losses assumed to be constant in the Swinburne test?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
Is the uncertainty of quantum mechanics related to the unpredictability of living systems?
We can find the mass of the sun in books, but is that really true? How are masses of heavenly bodies measured?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
Why is there a difference of 1 day in a lunar calendar of India and Saudi Arabia, though the time difference is only 2.5 hours?
Why can't matter or information travel faster than 299792458 metres per second?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
If gravity stopped holding us onto earth, would centrifugal forces cause us to fly off into space?
Do things appear closer to you when traveling at nearly the speed of light towards them?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
Why does fusion use mass for energy?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
Out of a K-positive meson and a K-neutral meson, whose decay is preferred?
Which endothermic process absorbs the greatest amount of energy?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
How would it be for a real shapeshifter to turn into another form with different masses and chemicals?
Why will the equipotential surfaces of a point charge be a concentric sphere?
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
Does the energy spent using a paper fan make you hotter than you were originally?
How can accuracy be found from the given information?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
Which of the configurations is more stable- the one having 5 electrons in d shell or the one having 7 electrons in d shell?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
What is the best physical python books?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
If a theory of everything turned out to consist of a few mathematical principles, could we then explain every phenomena in the universe with mathematics?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
Is there drag in space?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
Is work done by a force acting on an object when the object is moving with uniform velocity?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
If time is simultaneous, could one assume that the physical and the metaphysical realms are actually entangled and can influence each other?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
Why do we replace the constant "c" with a single coefficient "lambda" when writing a wave equation?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
Can you derive and/or explain e=mc^2 in an easy way please?
When traveling at the speed of light, can we go back to the past?
If magnitudes of charges become double, then what will Coulomb's force be?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
A photon and Z boson has zero charge, but still has dipole moment. Is it true? If so, how?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Is the entropy of flat space higher than the same volume of warped space?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
I am from West Bengal. Can I pursue a B.Sc. in agriculture if I passed the HSC with physics, chemistry and math?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
Does squaring a sin wave change its frequency?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How difficult is it to convert energy into mass?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
Does your body contain electron protons like metals?
What does a relative charge do?
Would a nuclear-propelled cartridge fire a projectile that travels anywhere close to the speed of light?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
The refractive index of carbon disulphide and glass are 1.63 and 1.5, which is optically denser?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
At resonance, do objects make oscillations with its natural frequency at higher amplitudes?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What are the most sophisticated and advanced labs you've ever been to?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What will happen if the time is kept constant?
What is the difference between 1s and 2s orbital?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
Can metal be compressed into a smaller volume, at least doubling its density?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
What is a time tunnel?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Is Soumitra Sengupta one of the greatest physicist producers of India?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
How much organic chemistry knowledge is required for IPhO?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
How do you explain mass production?
Why do people ask for "unknown facts" all the time?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
Why does an energy band bend?
Is it possible for a planets ring to have a greater mass than the planet itself?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
What limits how fast humans can run?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
If the Earth presumably has a homogeneous density, why would its gravitational force decrease with us on it (Halliday's Fundamentals of Physics)?
Can a top quark/top antiquark pair be produced from the decay of a gluon?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
Will a spacecraft get to an inert point further away quicker than a shorter distance due to acceleration and subsequent deceleration?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
How do I cover the physics O-level syllabus as quickly as possible?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
If we sit in a firmly closed room, the mass of the air below us isn't too much, but why does the pressure remain the same?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a speed droop and why is it needed?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Can kinetic energy be siphoned from a particle at its zero point energy?
Can we consider that the speed of Light is not constant but rather it's fluctuating around "c" velocity?
Is photon truly a photon only in vacuum?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
Which websites will help us study physics?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean, and how is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Is there a way to counter “The Particle Style” other than the Kamui?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
Is information non-physical?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Quantum mechanics states that anything can have wave characteristics. What is the shortest possible wavelength of anything?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
What are the mistakes that can be made while finding the maximum dry density and field density in a road where the MDD is lower than the field density?
A laser light can be sharply focused due to which property?
How do I understand mercury energy diagram with mercury vapor lamp spectrum?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
What are some of the most interesting things we see in quantum physics?
At what mass does an organism have a 50% chance of surviving a fall at terminal velocity?
Does a wave always have the same amplitude as it travels through a medium?
Where do we interface with the "leading edge of time", as Richard Muller puts it? How does spacetime affect the atoms in our bodies?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
What is one second time?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
Why do we see smoke after every burnout? Why not any other state of matter?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
What's the essence of smell?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
Can we consider dual nature of light as a paradox?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
How do people know that sound travels faster in water than through the air?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Who is Jack Fraser's favorite physicist?
Would Richard Muller give me permission to translate Physics for Future Presidents to the Dari language?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
How much mass would the Earth have to gain in order to make the gravity exactly 10?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What's the procedure to take biology in the class 12 board if I was a student of physics, chemistry, and maths?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
Is there no 'speed limit' in the mathematical or physics undergraduate education?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
Are biology, physics, and chemistry tough to study or are they easy?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is time period?
Why can't we find the exact position of a spinning electron? What are some other examples of things we can't predict by calculus?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
What are some materials with refractive index n~~2 for microwaves and radio waves? Is there a good source of refractive index data for these wavelengths?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
Can EM waves get trapped in subwavelength shapes made from dielectric if total internal reflection prevents their escape? Or would they pass through?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
Can a steady object have acceleration?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
Can you know the wave's probabilities of a particle, before you measure it?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
If water had zero friction hypothetically, and the swimmer pushes the water backward, why would water not be able to exert a force on the swimmer going forward?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
How do I ask my girlfriend for physical relations?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
What is the resultant force if 5 forces act on a point Q?
Is there a way, however advanced, to stop Hawking radiation particles from annihilating each other upon produce?
Light is an electromagnetic wave. Can an antenna catch light?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How many electrons are in the L shell of CH4?
How can you relate "law of conservation of mass" and "law of conservation of energy"?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
Did people really convert mass to energy completely in practical?
What is the fundamental difference between magnetism and gravity?
Is momentum conserved in a non-isolated system?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
A coin and a feather are dropped in a vaccum. Which one will reach the ground first? Why?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
How can I get the highest marks in the physics exams?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
Under what circumstances can the mean velocity profile of turbulent flow in a pipe be considered uniform?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
Can there be a reversible constant pressure or constant volume processes?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
How did scientists find out that the waves in the water are controlled by the moon?
How can we visualize the fourth dimension?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
Is it easier to pull an object or push it on a levelled plain where friction exists?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
Do electronic cars emit radio waves?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What are beats in the interference of sound waves?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
Why do physicists assume that living systems function in a steady state when rapid internal and external fluctuations would seem to preclude this?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
Is every kind of field a distortion of spacetime?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
How is resistance related to hardness?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
Why do electrons move as a wave around the nucleus in the Bohr model of the atom? Does a matter wave even exist?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Should I study Physics at university if I got a C in my high school final Math exam?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
What is the thing that makes light luminous?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
Regarding turbomachinery, if I know the inlet (almost radial) airflow and outlet (axial), how can I get the velocity triangles and simple blade geometry?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What do you mean by density?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
Two bodies of masses m and 3m are vertically thrown upward with the same velocity. On coming back to earth, will they have the same velocity or zero velocity?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
How are transistor voltages ultimately translated into computer instructions?
Why E●=E/k? (in electrostatics)
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is the "adminiom" (not sure about the name) or the permanent magnet used in a free energy generator? Is a free energy generator real or just a lie?
What is a spinning tool?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
What are the physics streams available for a B.Tech in India?
Why is the gear ratio always bigger than 1 while the speed ratio is always less than one?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
Do all questions have correct answers?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
What actually is virtual displacement?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
Was Albert Einstein working on anything before he died?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What was the exact physical problem or defect of Chitraveerya and Vichitraveerya in Mahabharata?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Will the time dilation at the speed of light move us into the past or future?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Won't the development of humans be very fast when all of us study Quantum physics instead of arts and fashion designing?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Can increasing pressure give a non-linear enthalpy response?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the stipend given for an integrated physics course through JEST?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
Is there a fundamental difference in the biomechanics of cycling on the flat and cycling uphill?
Approximately what is the number of atoms in one virus?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
How does it feel to do MSC physics from university of Hyderabad?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
Why do we maintain a vacuum in a surface condenser?
How do I concentrate on my studies, especially physics, chemistry and maths?
Can a net force be zero?
In the first law of thermodynamics, what do we take pressure to be and why is that so?
Due to the constant reaction of H and He atoms on the sun, can the sun vanish?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
What if there were dimensions such as length, width, height and time bundled in extremely small scales?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
What are the effects on gravity of a strong, non-orbiting ring slightly off center in a plane around a spherical planet?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
How do I prepare numericals in physics CBSE 12?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Should I learn general relativity?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
How are renormalization groups used in theoretical physics?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
Does mass affect gravity?
What is the maximum value of absolute vacuum pressure?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Why does the adiabatic process have non-conducting boundaries?
Why does dark energy have negative pressure?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
Can a quark/antiquark pair (e.g., up quark/up antiquark) be produced from the decay of a photon?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
Does movement slow down time?
Will acceleration change with time?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
How do I calculate the volume of a spheric section if I know the small circle diameter and distance from the apex to the base of the section?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
How is the internal design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
How is the formula for the law of inertia applied?
What is the difference between pressure head and height from reference to measure pressure?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is Maxwell’s wave equation?
The centrifugal force of the earth balances the gravitational force of the sun. What is the cause of that centrifugal force?
If you develop a hypothesis then explain an important paradox in physics, whom should you contact to verify it if you are from a poor African country?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
Which of the following graphs correctly show the speed and the corresponding distance covered by an object moving along a straight line?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
Are black holes like cosmic whirl pools that break matter down into its finest form, spew out like a solar flare, and then the vacuum pushes it right back in?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
Is it correct to say that c is the space-time speed limit because no acceleration source travels faster than c (i.e. electrostatic repulsion)?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
What do you mean by the trace of a function {i.e., Tr (exp(iH)} in quantum field theory?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Do you think that a thought can be represented as a vector in space and that this whole thing can be understood though electromagnetic fields?
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is the work done in moving a test charge q through a distance of 1 cm along the equipotential axis of an electric dipole?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
How can I mathematically show the relation between the launch height and the range covered by the projectile?
What state of matter is jelly?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
What are the scope of atomic physics in India?
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
What are the specific heat capacities of water and steam?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
Is there a way to create an uneven flow of heat through an object?
What are the important differences between quantum mechanics and quantum theory?
Why do many constants in physics have term of 4 pi with them?
All objects do not equally oppose change in the state of motion. Why?
8 billion people live in this world. How can I meet them all?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How are antiprotons formed?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Is it possible that Einstein was not the first to come up with the theories of general and special relativity?
What is the physical significance of an infinite series?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
When a ray of light travels from air to glass how does its velocity, wavelength and frequency change?
Electrostatics is said to be the study of Laplace’s equation, so what will the equivalent counterpart be for Magnetostatics?
What would happen if we go perpendicular up to the space?
In quantum numbers, what happens when two substances have a different n (principle quantum no.) but same L (azimuthal quantum no.) value?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
What are the constraints to packing a container ship?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
How does resistance vary with diameter?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
Is your physical condition important to you?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
How can I find the distance traveled by a particle on a velocity-time graph?
What is air column in physics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
According to Schrödinger's equation, is the probability of electron inside the nucleus highest?
If you don't like physics but going to the engineering program is the only way to keep peace in your family, what would you do?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What is the cause of a non-stationary interference pattern?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do the opposite poles of magnet bars attract each other?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Is the maximum numbers of electrons that can have principal quantum numbers N=3, and spin quantum number of Ms =-1/2?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
If sound has more velocity in denser mediums then why can't sound pass through glass?
What is gain cross over frequency?
In quantum mechanics, antimatter and matter particles keep popping up to form energy. Can you harvest this energy before the particles disappear?
What if all the wave functions are self normalised?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
Why do we need infinite energy in order to move an object moving at the speed of light?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
Is dark matter and dark energy the manifestation of engineering at the cosmological scale?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
Is the formula of getting back in time practical?
Who are currently the leading personalities in Quantum Field Theory?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Does quantum mechanics prove that time and space are related?
In surface tension, how are repulsive forces between the molecules at the bottom balanced by the attractive forces at the surface?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
What is instantaneous length?
Can an object stay in space at it's physical state absolutely unmoved, unchanged and if so can time really not exist?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
Is energy in the electric field in a vacuum ever transferred slower than the speed of light?
Where do waves go when they break?
What are some steady music?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
If T is time period of  particle executing SHM, what is time taken to move distance of half amplitude ?
Does a person need to have a lot of knowledge of physics to sense God like Richard Muller does?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
What is the significance of the inverse square law theory?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
Do you think projectile motion is a good Math IA topic?
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
What is the direction of electric force?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
How does a suspended magnet work?
Can you study for math, physics, chemistry and other subjects in 2 weeks?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
Can Quantum level physics be explained using probabilistic patterns of direct causal forces interacting in multi-dimensional space?
Can electricity pass through the flash light of a digital camera?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
Does audience gives more energy?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
How is light travelling through a water bottle photographed/videographed as seen in some videos online?
Given that we receive the heat and light of the sun on the Earth, how come space is cold?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
What is the formula for the law of inertia?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
What if we could see the spacetime fabric?
Hasn’t quantum mechanics became just an obscure pop science topic rather than a real scientific challenge?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
What is the expression of a magnetic moment?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
What waves are used in sonar?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
How is gravity produced by objects, at an atomic viewpoint, and why is it produced?
Can a particle have the same gravity and move freely on the moon as on the Earth?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
What is the frequency of a body having an angular speed of 1.2 into 10 respond - 3 radians?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
To what extent is the human body an analogy for fundamental chemical engineering principles like heat and mass transfer? Give examples.
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
How can we often use a ray diagram, with only a couple of rays, to solve optical problems even when the situation involves an infinite number of rays?
As we say, light speed is constant. But when we are in motion and two lighning strikes fall simultaneously, then we see one earlier than the other. Why?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
If lightning is a very high frequency current of energy, why is it so hot?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In the p subshell of an atom, how does pz=0?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
The number of electrons increases as the value of principle Quantum number increases, then why do they say that the electron density decreases with the increase of distance?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
A balloon is filled with hydrogen, has a volume of 1m³ and a mass of 1kg. What would the volume be of a block of light material that the balloon can lift?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
When a type of slab is put between the parallel plate capacitor, is it true that the electric field inside the plate always decreases?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
What is meaning of charging current?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean? How is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
What would the theoretical effect of time dilation be if the Alcubierre drive were built and used to travel faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
Are there any similarities between a saw-wave sound and a distorted sound?
Why does Sn separation energy decrease when the number of neutrons increases?
How do we understand the explicatory stance that quantum physics explains the afterlife?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What is use of the different types of gauges in physics and what exactly are they?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
A particle of charge +2q exerts a force F on a particle of charge -q. What is the force exerted by the particle of charge -q on particle of charge +2q?
Is the logic that 'if time has an infinite past and an infinite future then everything will eventually happen' proof that time will end?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
How does a light beam travel trough vacuum?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
What force pulls liquid towards the ground?
Two clocks near a BH are at the same distance. One is in a free fall state and the other stays at a constant distance. Will they measure the time the same?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
What is tensile strength testing?
What are the 8 properties of matter?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
What is the amount of work done in moving a point charge around a circular arc of radius r at the centre of which another point charge is located?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
What is the significance of the average values of a particular waveform?
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Hypothetically, if an M1A2 Abrams could shoot straight up (90 degrees), how high could an AP shell reach?
What is your analysis of physics NEET 2017?
What observations led pythagoras and his followers to conclude that the earth was spherical?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do all particles have the same wavelength in the double slit experiment?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of T=hf/2k then what would be the average energy of vibration in terms of kT?
Why does the friction factor in pipe flow depends on these variables?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
What is the difference between a critical speed and a whirling speed?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
What should I learn in physics?
If you could, how would you convert Hawking radiation to joules?
How much mass would it take to change the gravitational pull of Earth?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
A person with some mass is running with the same velocity as a car. Suddenly he enters the car. What is the final speed of the car?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
What are gravity equal to magnets?
You have two plates with some charge in them, e.g. (+Q and -Q), and they are placed close to each other. Will they act as a Dipole or a capacitor?
What is the smallest diameter a manufacturer can make a custom-made electromagnet?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
A ray incident that is normally on a plane mirror retraces its path on reflection. Why?
Why can a ship float over water, but an iron ball can’t?
Within the decibel scale, what is the absolute quietest amount of sound that could ever be physically possible?
Is space created when matter turns into energy?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How does one create the most electricity with the least torque?
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What is the maximum density of hydrogen?
Why is the red blood cell called a cell when it has no nucleus?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
What would a material which is one square foot in area, but only one atom thick look and feel like?
What will the magnetic field of a neutron star do to me if I'm standing on its surface (ignoring the gravity and surface heat of the star)?
How deep would a 2 km block of gold sink into the Earth? Would it tunnel down to the mantle?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What is the reading on a weighing scale when the elevator is accelerating upwards?
How can I prove the parity operator is Hermitian?
Where can I learn differentiation and integration from the beginning?
What is the formula for velocity and distance?
What is a "baseline" for a parallax measurement?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
How is the cost of using electrical energy reduced by using a large amount of energy for a longer period of time?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Do people in space actually age slower and live longer or is it just by our definition of what time is?
Why is GNWL filled faster than PQWL?
How would you make money with a time machine?
How do magnetic repulsion work?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
What is the projectile motion of a cliff?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
Would light change its speed while orbiting in the event horizon?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If we are living in a three dimensional universe, why are scientists always using two dimensional blanket models to explain the force of gravity?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Do any private colleges provide a 4-year integrated M.Sc+B.Sc physics in India?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Why does the quality of life matter?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
What do we mean by vector?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can we prepare photon?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
Is it possible for me too do the electron wave duality experiment at home?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
If electrons exist in discrete energy levels, how can they gain energy without dissipating it immediately? Do they remain in the energy level?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
Which college is best for a research level education in BSc in physics?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
Why won't two capacitors in parallel give me as much power as one capacitor in a coil gun?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
At which frequency interference will be high at low or high?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
What is the value of critical angle for a material of refractive index root 2?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Why don’t the innermost electrons of atoms interact electromagnetically with the quarks inside the nucleus?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
What is Wien’s displacement law?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
Why does the value of K not change with the addition of a catalyst if its activation energy changes?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Can we transmit energy from one point to another, which are far apart (say Earth and Moon), without any physical connection between them (eg. wire)?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
What is left to be explored in physics?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
What will happen if two inclined ramp car collided with each other, which car will jump/flip?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
Why does carbon become stable after sharing 4 electron?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
What is the moment of inertia along the diagonal of a rectangle?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
When and how was the current system of measuring time founded/evolved?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
Does every particle have a gravitational pull?
Why does the separation between successive equipotential surfaces get wider as the distance from the charges increases?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How could we determine the direction of a lone pair in an atom?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
What is an intuitive way to understand a tensor product?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
When a ball hits a piece of cloth, is Newton’s third law of motion involved?
How do you choose the particle number when applying DMRG to the Bose-Hubbard model?
What are Wave Equation applications?
What would happen if we don't have any measurements to measure time?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
Why does acceleration of water in a tank increase when we go upward?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
How do I minimize yaw velocity?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
What happens if I put a charged particle on an empty space, and I start to move in relation to the charge? Will I detect a magnetic force/field?
Two particles are moving in opposite directions with the same speed of 0.8c. What is their relative speed?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Why are there 130 chemical elements instead of an infinite number?
What would be the state of the universe if, nucleons were made of electrons and neutrons?
How many neutrons can a cadmium control rod absorb before it becomes unable to absorb additional neutrons?
What if physics and its laws never existed?
Are we all moving in circles?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What is the dielectric constant of a medium?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
How do I show that, for the adiabatic expansion of an ideal gas, PV^=constant?
Do we have to imagine extra dimensions if we are to understand the relationship between silicone oil droplet experiments and the behavior of electrons?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
How did Newton discover the law of motion?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
What will be the visible changes when a supernova explodes in our Galaxy?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If electricity is flow of electrons, why is the velocity of flow of current is not the velocity of electrons?
What is the unit of permeability?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
How does a radial system work?
What is a good working model of physics for class 9?
What are the elastic properties of the earth on which the velocity of seismic waves depend?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What are some ways to calculate relativistic speed?
What is the direction of electron flow in an electrolytic cell?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What have matrices been used to model in physics?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What happens to acceleration when a body moves upwards?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
How do I know that the body is positive charged or negative charged?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
Is it a reality or rumours that “time crystals” are a new state of matter? First of all, what are “time crystals”?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
To find the direction of a magnetic force on a proton, which hand rule must you use?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Why aren't atoms with anti-protons and anti-electrons natural?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
What is the proportional point in elasticity?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
What do physicists think of the novel Pandora's Keepers?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
What is the physics behind a fidget spinner while spinning?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
Light and sound are electromagnetic radiation. Likewise, what is the physical description of smell?
How can I get a fully-funded stipend for an MSc in physics?
How can particle entanglement be observed practically?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
If we get the work functions of two different unknown metals, can we compare their masses? Like which is heavier among the two?
Is our universe in a time loop?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the difference between matter and radiation?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
What is the best light effect in the world?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Is there anything smaller than a Planck length?
What are some orthorhombic examples?
Can theoretical physics prove the existence of God?
How can a helium nuclei form with four positive charges, as the positive charges repel each other?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
What is density bottle?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
If we remove electrons from each atom or molecule on the earth, can the earth be charged?
Can heat be generated from light?
What would be the change in the wavelength range if a source of gravity waves recedes at 0.9c from us? Do gravity waves act in the same way?
Has there been any hike in IPCL’s energy charge recently?
If a Q charge is placed near centre of cavity of a conducting sphere, then what is the electrical field at any outside point?
Any complicated motion of a rigid body can be separated as the motion of the center of mass and pure rotation about the center of mass. Why is this true?
Why do we use atomic rather than nuclear masses in analyzing most nuclear decay and reaction processes?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
Why, in certain 3-phase connections, the magnetizing current is sinusoidal but the core flux then becomes nonsinusoidal?
If the moon behaves like an apple, can we behave like an electron or a photon?
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What is Coriolis force and its significance?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
Is the mass of a body a relative term or an inherent property? Does it depend on its velocity, which itself is a relative term?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
What is circuit in physics?
The potential on the midway of a dipole is zero. Is it possible to bring in a charge from infinity without doing any work?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
Is the electron probability density cloud for 1 shell (K shell) the same across all elements?
How can a probe in space accelerate with the gravity of a star/planet/moon without falling into it?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
Why does the 4f orbital of Ce have 1 electron and the Pr have 3?
How can one suppose a particle exists, but it has never been observed? Isn't that just make-believe?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
Why does the first law of thermodynamics not explain the source of energy?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Was Einstein aware of pilot wave theory?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
The radius of the first orbit of a hydrogen atom is 0.529 A°. What will be the radius of the third orbit of He1+ ion?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
The tension of piano wire is 10N. What would be the tension needed to produce double the frequency?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
How do I calculate the acceleration of a ball thrown upwards according to Newton's law?
What makes light accelarate when it enters a medium of lower refractive index?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What does internal resistance mean?
Through what experiments did Max Planck find out about blackbody radiation?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
What is the difference between acoustic/light waves and induced waves which travel through a material?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
What is the difference between ionisation energy and ionisation potential?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
What expression can be derived for the maximum height reached when a body is projected vertically upwards?
What happens to pressure with an increase in temperature?
Is there any change in the speed of light travel from rarer to denser mediums, normally?
Many physicists have said that quantum mechanics makes no sense. What needs to be discovered/understood for quantum mechanics to make sense?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Why is the division of two vectors not possible?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
How can a photon be a "wave particle"? How many periods does the photon have? What is the shape of a photon?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
Besides photons, do other sub-atomic particles have frequencies?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Could Dr. Sourabh Dube tell us about the collaboration of the experimental high energy physics group at the IISER in Pune with CERN?
What would happen and how would it change our lives if the Earth started to spin in the opposite direction?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Can Richard Muller explain or prove the existence of God by any laws of physics?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
What are neutron stars made of?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
Should I study Physics or Engineering in College (debate style answer)?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
Which branch of physics deals with an atom’s excited state?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
Which are the colleges in Kerala that provide integrated courses in physics?
Can photons use the space-time fabric as a medium?
Does entropy increase due to friction?
If a man weighing 65kg lifts a trunk with a mass of 45kg to the top of a building 10m high in one minute, how do you find the power?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
According to Newton, each mass attracts every other mass. Why doesn’t the whole mass of the universe join together to form a super lump?
What is illuminated objects?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
Was Richard Feynman aware of pilot wave theory?
What's the basis of physics? How can you prove all of the theories and formulas wrong? What is a slight change that could destroy the whole field of physics?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Why is it that when an electron is added to a neutral atom and still experiences an attraction to the nucleus, is energy given off?
Why do objects appear close together from a far distance?
What are the different uses of energy from the sea?
How did Plank and Einstein conclude that there must be a quantization of the energy of light?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
What happens to the light in the long run? Does it continue its trajectory or does it fade out?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
What are some scientific descriptions or representations or symbols of the nothingness?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are all objects in space in motion? If so, why the high velocities?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
If antimatter annihilation releases energy, could this energy decay back into matter?
What do parallaxes have to do with why most organisms have two eyes?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
In the future, would we be able to convert all masses of an atom into energy?
Where is the gluon fluctuation coming from?
Why are electrons called "negative"?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Can the frequency and wavelength of a particular light wave be changed? If so, how, and in what range of values?
Is there a formula to calculate a car's acceleration from wheel torque?
The adjacent p orbitals of allylic carbon are perpendicular to each other, even though resonance occurs between them. Why?
Could the "Cold Spot" really be proof of another dimensions?
Why is fibre fineness more important in airjet spinning?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why does matter exist as it looks like but we know that it’s actually energy?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
Since the Feynman path integrals seem to diverge, why do they work?
What is the way to get into space agencies?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
If one were traveling at the speed of light, theoretically would they be able to run through a brick wall?
What is the dimension of area?
What does it mean for a particle to be massless? Or for that matter, what is mass?
Do mathematical equations in the electric and magnetic field tell us how things behave? Or what is the secret of its behavior in this way?
Does light carry mass according to E=mc2?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
What is the difference between deflection and displacement?
What is the meaning of relativity?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Which has the same numerical value both in the Kelvin scale and the Centigrade scale?
What will happen if a solid football made of tungsten is thrown from space on any big city?
If you fired a bullet in a stable orbit and maintained your position, would it hit you in the back of the head?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is absolute space?
What will happen if radio waves enter a black hole?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
How did God code the rules on how to behave or how to act into the atoms?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
What would happen if 8 metal-based spheres (half solid spheres and the other hollow) were magnetized and put in an orbit around a magnetic sphere?
would the Alcubierre drive be affected with time dilation if it was near a supermassive black hole?
How can I easily memorize formulas in physics, chemistry, and math for IITJEE?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
How many marks increase in the case of the physics paper in 2017?
If both magnitudes of charges and the distance between them are doubled, then what will Coulomb's force be?
How do particles move on a curved path in liquids and gases during Brownian motion without energy?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
In the reaction of HCl, if diffused light is used to give heat energy, can we produce the reaction by giving only heat without light?
Is there any relation between the number of generalized coordinates and the degrees of freedom in classical mechanics?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
Two cubes of the same dimensions, one of them is totally iron and the other is hallow iron, filled with water: what is the buoyancy force on both?
Where should I begin to study math, physics, and chemistry for college?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
Could you build an atom-like structure using oppositely charged plasmas?
Which is the ultimate substance in earth?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
In the Quantum Zeno effect, what does "watching it" or "making observations" entail? How is "watching" or "observing" defined in these experiments?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Can IR light reach into space?
In what direction would the air resistance applied on a ball be acting when the ball is at its highest position after being thrown vertically upwards?
A point source of 3000 lumens is located at a centre of cube with sides of 2m. What is the flux through one face of the cube?
What is a line spectrum?
What is a monochromatic function?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
What is zero energy, and where does it come from?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
How are the charged particles from the sun deflected towards the poles?
How do they obtain the data on the relative abundance of isotopes? For example, how do you know that 75.5% of all chlorine atoms have an MW of 35?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
What happens to the light after traveling very long distance (without being absorbed)? Does it fade away?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
How can I find normal force?
Can you explain the physics of cutting stuff with paper? Seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLXHLRa37_g
...
In simple terms, why does matter change its state?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
What is relativity and time?
What is the status of the experimental search for tachyons?
Which is faster: the speed of light or the energy particle released from an cyclotron?
Is it possible to make a vacuum wire?
How can I calculate the theoretical time it would take for a Porsche 911 Turbo S (36,821 lbs.) to go from 0 to 10 mph (0–14.67 ft/s)?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
What are some examples of fundamental forces?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Which atoms deviate from going 4s2 then 3d10?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
What is the most unstable element?
Is there a shape I can add to the opposing edges of a disc to make it rotate more freely on a central axis in the wind?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
Is there a good way to explain to children how gravity is a result of general relativity that does not use gravity to explain it?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
How bright would the night sky be on an Earth-like planet orbiting a Sun-like star central to a very dense globular cluster such as 47-Tucanae?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
What happens to the temperature of a gas when it is expanded freely?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
How can we calculate the forces acting on a wheel hub and also show the formula for an ATV Baja?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
How can I prepare physics and chemistry?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Is the Higgs mechanism in accord with energy-mass equivalence?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
Why, when white light passes between two slits, the central light is white and blue fringes form closer to the centre?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
How did they weigh an atom?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Can I still become a programmer though I failed in physics and chemistry in high school?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
What would happen if Einstein and Newton met for solving the current mysteries of physics?
If space travel is possible, what type of ship would we need?
How can we exploit our space-time?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
What is a wave function in physics?
Wouldn't PE become arbitrarily large the closer an object gets to Earth?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Could a big bang (w/inflation) happen again within our observable universe (say, long after all black holes have evaporated)?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
If I fired a shotgun in outer space, would the shots float in space ad infinitum?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What is a pilot wave theory?
What is the function of DNA and life? What’s the difference between dead matter and living matter?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
If the combined mass of an electron and a positron was approximately 1 MeV/c^2, then would the total energy of their annihilation be equal to (9*10^16) MeV?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
Is there any device which includes 6 modes of energy transfers? Hint: The last three modes are conduction, convection, and radiation.
If antibonding orbitals are formed as a result of destructive interference, then how are electrons present in those orbitals?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
How do you bore a hole into a glass without breaking it?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
A fish is able to jump vertically out of the water with a speed of 4.59 m/s. What is the speed of the fish as it passes a point 0.53 m above the water?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What is the cheapest way to obtain constant mechanical energy?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Is it feasible to graduate at age 35 as a physicist in RSA?
What are some of periodic non-sinusoid equations concerning the study in mechanical vibration?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
What are some careers that can be considered by a person interested in physics, mathematics and computer science?
Which is better for UG, physics or chemistry?
What was the physics going behind the Moon landing when the hammering sound was heard in the vastness of space?
How is the design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
What is the aim of Young's double slit experiment?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
What is condensed?
Why must an existing arbitrary length or distance (not necessarily on a straight line) be a constructible number related to any existing unit?
Are Physics Review Letter articles highly speculative?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the degree of degeneracy?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
How do I prove interference does not occur in an involute gear?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
How is electromagnetic torque produced?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
What is the meaning of charge density?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What are the scope of atomic physics?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
What causes Earth’s gravity anomaly? How does global atmospheric pressure contribute to reducing gravity value?
Can a volume of distribution have a volume equal to a true anatomic volume in the body?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
The upper part of my cell phone (receiver, front camera, proximity sensor area) is getting pretty heated up. I’m worried about radiation. Is this heat dangerous?
What is the difference between collapse pressure and burst pressure with a w.r.t. casing?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
If a body's mass depends on time, does an explicit formula exist for the work done by the resultant force over a random curve?
Can the flux lines of a magnetic field be pinched off like a FET gate pinches off electron flow?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
If all of the atoms in a magnetic material "participated" how much stronger would the magnetic strength be as compared to currently available magnets?
What should we do to get a bachelor’s degree in physics?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you absorb low frequency sound?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
How did we decide that the rest mass of photon is 0?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
How do we walk according to Newton's third law of motion?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is there a closed form for the MRB constant?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What is meant by the spring constant, k, of a spring? How would you measure k?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
Is the uncertainty in quantum mechanics uncertainty because we can't measure it perfectly or is there actual uncertainty going on?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
What is a vacuum casting of metal?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
In David Bohm’s “Quantum Theory,” he writes this as the Hamiltonian for a particle with angular momentum. Where does the 2r∂∂r2r∂∂r\frac{2}{r}\frac{\partial }{\partial r} term come from?
How can it take more work to increase an object’s speed from 50mph to 60mph than 0-30 if special, or even Galilean, relativity is correct?
Why do some planets in our solar system have more than one moon, yet we only have one?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
What is the rate of change of density?
Is NITK Surathgal College good for one who wants to do an MSc in Physics?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
How much energy will be produced when 1 litre of liquid hydrogen is burnt?
What would happen if, in an atom, all its particles are replaced by anti particles?
How will the future generation study the traditional maths and physics?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How close are we to significantly reducing the weight of rocket ships?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
How much force does a body, say an apple, exert on the earth?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
Can the same side of a cosmological object face its satellite forever? If yes, then how?
Can you shrink an electromagnetic wave?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Write the phenomena which are responsible to following converse of matter?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
In which state of matter is the kinetic energy of the particles of a substance the greatest?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
If gravity is a force, then how does it get energy to produce acceleration on objects?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Why does the weight of a body differ from place to place?
Are facts relative?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What is the magnitude of an electric field created by a conducting charged disc in an axial position?
What is the formula of intensity?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
To what extent does the centrifugal force of a neutron star's rotation cancel out it's enormous gravitational force?
How would you explain the cosmological principle of the surface of last scattering in the simplest way possible?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Do we change our future an infinite number of times within every million fractions of a second?
What is the atomic structure in physics?
Is time absolute?
If a body is moving in a circle with a variable velocity then what types of accelerations are possible?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
How do scientists measure how much matter exists in space?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
Why are the iron losses assumed to be constant in the Swinburne test?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
Is the uncertainty of quantum mechanics related to the unpredictability of living systems?
We can find the mass of the sun in books, but is that really true? How are masses of heavenly bodies measured?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
Why is there a difference of 1 day in a lunar calendar of India and Saudi Arabia, though the time difference is only 2.5 hours?
Why can't matter or information travel faster than 299792458 metres per second?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
If gravity stopped holding us onto earth, would centrifugal forces cause us to fly off into space?
Do things appear closer to you when traveling at nearly the speed of light towards them?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
Why does fusion use mass for energy?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
Out of a K-positive meson and a K-neutral meson, whose decay is preferred?
Which endothermic process absorbs the greatest amount of energy?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
How would it be for a real shapeshifter to turn into another form with different masses and chemicals?
How can I command in physics for AIIMS?
Why will the equipotential surfaces of a point charge be a concentric sphere?
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
How is the distance related to time under uniformly accelerated motion such as that of a free fall?
Does the energy spent using a paper fan make you hotter than you were originally?
How can accuracy be found from the given information?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
Which of the configurations is more stable- the one having 5 electrons in d shell or the one having 7 electrons in d shell?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
What are some examples of extensive and intensive properties?
What is the best physical python books?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
If a theory of everything turned out to consist of a few mathematical principles, could we then explain every phenomena in the universe with mathematics?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
Is work done by a force acting on an object when the object is moving with uniform velocity?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
At 50°C, a gas has l ATM of pressure, and 20 dm3 volume. What would its volume at S.T.P. be?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
If time is simultaneous, could one assume that the physical and the metaphysical realms are actually entangled and can influence each other?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
Why do we replace the constant "c" with a single coefficient "lambda" when writing a wave equation?
A cube of side length 1m falls on the ground. What’s the minimum mass it has to have for it to penetrate the earth and come out on the other side?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Is an IQ of 135 in a quick WAIS test good enough for me to be a physicist? I'm nearly 18 and really really love physics.
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why is fine structure constant named so?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
Can you derive and/or explain e=mc^2 in an easy way please?
When traveling at the speed of light, can we go back to the past?
If magnitudes of charges become double, then what will Coulomb's force be?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
A photon and Z boson has zero charge, but still has dipole moment. Is it true? If so, how?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Is the entropy of flat space higher than the same volume of warped space?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
I am from West Bengal. Can I pursue a B.Sc. in agriculture if I passed the HSC with physics, chemistry and math?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
Does squaring a sin wave change its frequency?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How difficult is it to convert energy into mass?
Does your body contain electron protons like metals?
What does a relative charge do?
Would a nuclear-propelled cartridge fire a projectile that travels anywhere close to the speed of light?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
The refractive index of carbon disulphide and glass are 1.63 and 1.5, which is optically denser?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is coffee related to energy?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
At resonance, do objects make oscillations with its natural frequency at higher amplitudes?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
What is a conventional current? Why is it called that? How does a conventional current differ from an electron current?
Should I opt for dance or computer science with physics, chemistry and maths in grade 11 if I aim to be in one of the IITs?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What are the most sophisticated and advanced labs you've ever been to?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What will happen if the time is kept constant?
What is the difference between 1s and 2s orbital?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
How does energy audit differ from energy management?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
Can metal be compressed into a smaller volume, at least doubling its density?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
What is a time tunnel?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Is Soumitra Sengupta one of the greatest physicist producers of India?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
How much organic chemistry knowledge is required for IPhO?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
How do you explain mass production?
Why do people ask for "unknown facts" all the time?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
Why does an energy band bend?
How do bosons interact between fermions?
Is it possible for a planets ring to have a greater mass than the planet itself?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What limits how fast humans can run?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
What was the velocity of the wind required in order to make this table fly? The table is 16 lb (7kg) with a flat lifting surface 42″ (1.07) above the floor.
If the Earth presumably has a homogeneous density, why would its gravitational force decrease with us on it (Halliday's Fundamentals of Physics)?
Can a top quark/top antiquark pair be produced from the decay of a gluon?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How can we tell for sure that the spins of entangled electrons are set randomly when measured and not when they were entangled?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
Will a spacecraft get to an inert point further away quicker than a shorter distance due to acceleration and subsequent deceleration?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
How do I cover the physics O-level syllabus as quickly as possible?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
If we sit in a firmly closed room, the mass of the air below us isn't too much, but why does the pressure remain the same?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a speed droop and why is it needed?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
Can kinetic energy be siphoned from a particle at its zero point energy?
Can we consider that the speed of Light is not constant but rather it's fluctuating around "c" velocity?
Is photon truly a photon only in vacuum?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
Should I take Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and EPQ, or Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and Economics at the A-level to get admitted to top US universities?
Which websites will help us study physics?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean, and how is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Is there a way to counter “The Particle Style” other than the Kamui?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
Is information non-physical?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Quantum mechanics states that anything can have wave characteristics. What is the shortest possible wavelength of anything?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
What are the mistakes that can be made while finding the maximum dry density and field density in a road where the MDD is lower than the field density?
A laser light can be sharply focused due to which property?
How can the law of acceleration be explained?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
How do I understand mercury energy diagram with mercury vapor lamp spectrum?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
What are the dimensional formulas for work, pressure, and energy?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
What are some of the most interesting things we see in quantum physics?
Does a wave always have the same amplitude as it travels through a medium?
At what mass does an organism have a 50% chance of surviving a fall at terminal velocity?
Where do we interface with the "leading edge of time", as Richard Muller puts it? How does spacetime affect the atoms in our bodies?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
What is one second time?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
Why do we see smoke after every burnout? Why not any other state of matter?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
What's the essence of smell?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
Can we consider dual nature of light as a paradox?
What should I go for after 12th standard to become a theoretical physicist?
How do people know that sound travels faster in water than through the air?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Who is Jack Fraser's favorite physicist?
Would Richard Muller give me permission to translate Physics for Future Presidents to the Dari language?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
How much mass would the Earth have to gain in order to make the gravity exactly 10?
What does Δa/Δt=0 mean?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What's the procedure to take biology in the class 12 board if I was a student of physics, chemistry, and maths?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
Is there no 'speed limit' in the mathematical or physics undergraduate education?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
Are biology, physics, and chemistry tough to study or are they easy?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is time period?
Why can't we find the exact position of a spinning electron? What are some other examples of things we can't predict by calculus?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
What are some materials with refractive index n~~2 for microwaves and radio waves? Is there a good source of refractive index data for these wavelengths?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Is there any kind of force like strong nuclear force which would bind two electrons together?
What are some characteristics of the different types of atoms?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
Can EM waves get trapped in subwavelength shapes made from dielectric if total internal reflection prevents their escape? Or would they pass through?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
Can a steady object have acceleration?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
Can you know the wave's probabilities of a particle, before you measure it?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
If water had zero friction hypothetically, and the swimmer pushes the water backward, why would water not be able to exert a force on the swimmer going forward?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
How do I ask my girlfriend for physical relations?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
What is the resultant force if 5 forces act on a point Q?
Is there a way, however advanced, to stop Hawking radiation particles from annihilating each other upon produce?
Light is an electromagnetic wave. Can an antenna catch light?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
Does quantum mechanics tells us everything about energy or is there any other concept which tells it?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How many electrons are in the L shell of CH4?
Is it possible to be in two places at the same time?
How can you relate "law of conservation of mass" and "law of conservation of energy"?
Did people really convert mass to energy completely in practical?
What is the fundamental difference between magnetism and gravity?
Is momentum conserved in a non-isolated system?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
A coin and a feather are dropped in a vaccum. Which one will reach the ground first? Why?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
How can I get the highest marks in the physics exams?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
Under what circumstances can the mean velocity profile of turbulent flow in a pipe be considered uniform?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
Can there be a reversible constant pressure or constant volume processes?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
How did scientists find out that the waves in the water are controlled by the moon?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
Is it easier to pull an object or push it on a levelled plain where friction exists?
How can we visualize the fourth dimension?
Do electronic cars emit radio waves?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What are beats in the interference of sound waves?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
What is the magnetic moment of an octant?
Why do physicists assume that living systems function in a steady state when rapid internal and external fluctuations would seem to preclude this?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
Is every kind of field a distortion of spacetime?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
How is resistance related to hardness?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
Why do electrons move as a wave around the nucleus in the Bohr model of the atom? Does a matter wave even exist?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Should I study Physics at university if I got a C in my high school final Math exam?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
What is the thing that makes light luminous?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
Regarding turbomachinery, if I know the inlet (almost radial) airflow and outlet (axial), how can I get the velocity triangles and simple blade geometry?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What do you mean by density?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
Two bodies of masses m and 3m are vertically thrown upward with the same velocity. On coming back to earth, will they have the same velocity or zero velocity?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
How are transistor voltages ultimately translated into computer instructions?
Why E●=E/k? (in electrostatics)
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
Is momentum related to gravity?
What is a spinning tool?
What is the "adminiom" (not sure about the name) or the permanent magnet used in a free energy generator? Is a free energy generator real or just a lie?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
What are the physics streams available for a B.Tech in India?
Why is the gear ratio always bigger than 1 while the speed ratio is always less than one?
Do all questions have correct answers?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
What is a time period in waves?
What actually is virtual displacement?
Does red or blue light supply more energy to a solar cell? Why?
Which branch of physics deals with the energy inside atoms?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
Was Albert Einstein working on anything before he died?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What was the exact physical problem or defect of Chitraveerya and Vichitraveerya in Mahabharata?
Will the time dilation at the speed of light move us into the past or future?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Won't the development of humans be very fast when all of us study Quantum physics instead of arts and fashion designing?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Can increasing pressure give a non-linear enthalpy response?
What is the stipend given for an integrated physics course through JEST?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
If a neutron is a cause of strong nuclear forces, then why does a hydrogen atom become unstable when two neutrons are added to protium?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
Is there a fundamental difference in the biomechanics of cycling on the flat and cycling uphill?
Approximately what is the number of atoms in one virus?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
How does it feel to do MSC physics from university of Hyderabad?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
Why do we maintain a vacuum in a surface condenser?
What is displaced current?
How do I concentrate on my studies, especially physics, chemistry and maths?
Can a net force be zero?
In the first law of thermodynamics, what do we take pressure to be and why is that so?
Due to the constant reaction of H and He atoms on the sun, can the sun vanish?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
What if there were dimensions such as length, width, height and time bundled in extremely small scales?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
What are the effects on gravity of a strong, non-orbiting ring slightly off center in a plane around a spherical planet?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
What if questions asking "what if I got hit by (massive object) traveling at the speed of light” actually meant light in a medium rather than C?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
How do I prepare numericals in physics CBSE 12?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
Should I learn general relativity?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
How are renormalization groups used in theoretical physics?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
Does mass affect gravity?
What is the maximum value of absolute vacuum pressure?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Why does the adiabatic process have non-conducting boundaries?
Why does dark energy have negative pressure?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
Can a quark/antiquark pair (e.g., up quark/up antiquark) be produced from the decay of a photon?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
Does movement slow down time?
Will acceleration change with time?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
How do I calculate the volume of a spheric section if I know the small circle diameter and distance from the apex to the base of the section?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
How is the internal design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
How is the formula for the law of inertia applied?
What is the difference between pressure head and height from reference to measure pressure?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
Why is gravity considered a force, but its unit is not Newton?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is Maxwell’s wave equation?
The centrifugal force of the earth balances the gravitational force of the sun. What is the cause of that centrifugal force?
If you develop a hypothesis then explain an important paradox in physics, whom should you contact to verify it if you are from a poor African country?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
Which of the following graphs correctly show the speed and the corresponding distance covered by an object moving along a straight line?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Now that I'm working on quantum correlations in continuous variable systems, what does the notion of BITS 0 and 1 represent in such systems?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
Are black holes like cosmic whirl pools that break matter down into its finest form, spew out like a solar flare, and then the vacuum pushes it right back in?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
Is it correct to say that c is the space-time speed limit because no acceleration source travels faster than c (i.e. electrostatic repulsion)?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
What do you mean by the trace of a function {i.e., Tr (exp(iH)} in quantum field theory?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Do you think that a thought can be represented as a vector in space and that this whole thing can be understood though electromagnetic fields?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is the work done in moving a test charge q through a distance of 1 cm along the equipotential axis of an electric dipole?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
What state of matter is jelly?
How can I mathematically show the relation between the launch height and the range covered by the projectile?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
What are the scope of atomic physics in India?
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
What are the specific heat capacities of water and steam?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
Is there a way to create an uneven flow of heat through an object?
What are the important differences between quantum mechanics and quantum theory?
Why do many constants in physics have term of 4 pi with them?
All objects do not equally oppose change in the state of motion. Why?
8 billion people live in this world. How can I meet them all?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How are antiprotons formed?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Is it possible that Einstein was not the first to come up with the theories of general and special relativity?
What is the physical significance of an infinite series?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
When a ray of light travels from air to glass how does its velocity, wavelength and frequency change?
Electrostatics is said to be the study of Laplace’s equation, so what will the equivalent counterpart be for Magnetostatics?
What would happen if we go perpendicular up to the space?
In quantum numbers, what happens when two substances have a different n (principle quantum no.) but same L (azimuthal quantum no.) value?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
What are the constraints to packing a container ship?
How does resistance vary with diameter?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
Is your physical condition important to you?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
Does the Coulomb force of attraction work with charges if some matter (like wood) is placed between them?
How can I find the distance traveled by a particle on a velocity-time graph?
How do the skull and CSF affect the power spectral density of EEG signals?
What is air column in physics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
According to Schrödinger's equation, is the probability of electron inside the nucleus highest?
If you don't like physics but going to the engineering program is the only way to keep peace in your family, what would you do?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What is the cause of a non-stationary interference pattern?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
Is the Navier Stokes adequate to find solutions of compressible super fluid materials?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do the opposite poles of magnet bars attract each other?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Is the maximum numbers of electrons that can have principal quantum numbers N=3, and spin quantum number of Ms =-1/2?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
If sound has more velocity in denser mediums then why can't sound pass through glass?
What is gain cross over frequency?
What if all the wave functions are self normalised?
In quantum mechanics, antimatter and matter particles keep popping up to form energy. Can you harvest this energy before the particles disappear?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Which angle gives the smallest magnetic energy E=-m.b.cos(x)?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
Why do we need infinite energy in order to move an object moving at the speed of light?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
Is dark matter and dark energy the manifestation of engineering at the cosmological scale?
Is the formula of getting back in time practical?
Who are currently the leading personalities in Quantum Field Theory?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Does quantum mechanics prove that time and space are related?
In surface tension, how are repulsive forces between the molecules at the bottom balanced by the attractive forces at the surface?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
If a spacecraft was travelling at the speed of light and turned headlights on, would the light emitted be travelling at twice the speed of light?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
What is instantaneous length?
Can an object stay in space at it's physical state absolutely unmoved, unchanged and if so can time really not exist?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
Is energy in the electric field in a vacuum ever transferred slower than the speed of light?
Where do waves go when they break?
What are some steady music?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
If T is time period of  particle executing SHM, what is time taken to move distance of half amplitude ?
Does a person need to have a lot of knowledge of physics to sense God like Richard Muller does?
What is the significance of the inverse square law theory?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
Do you think projectile motion is a good Math IA topic?
Where can I attend online tests to get certificates in physics?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
What is the direction of electric force?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
Why do speed affects time in space?
What are gravity equal electric forces?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
How does a suspended magnet work?
Can you study for math, physics, chemistry and other subjects in 2 weeks?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
Can Quantum level physics be explained using probabilistic patterns of direct causal forces interacting in multi-dimensional space?
Can electricity pass through the flash light of a digital camera?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
Does audience gives more energy?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
How is light travelling through a water bottle photographed/videographed as seen in some videos online?
How do solids behave according to Hooke's law?
Given that we receive the heat and light of the sun on the Earth, how come space is cold?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
What is the formula for the law of inertia?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
What if we could see the spacetime fabric?
Hasn’t quantum mechanics became just an obscure pop science topic rather than a real scientific challenge?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
What is the expression of a magnetic moment?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
What waves are used in sonar?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
How is gravity produced by objects, at an atomic viewpoint, and why is it produced?
Can a particle have the same gravity and move freely on the moon as on the Earth?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
What is the frequency of a body having an angular speed of 1.2 into 10 respond - 3 radians?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
To what extent is the human body an analogy for fundamental chemical engineering principles like heat and mass transfer? Give examples.
Is a contact angle a property of the 2 interfaces? Read the description, please.
How can we often use a ray diagram, with only a couple of rays, to solve optical problems even when the situation involves an infinite number of rays?
As we say, light speed is constant. But when we are in motion and two lighning strikes fall simultaneously, then we see one earlier than the other. Why?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
If lightning is a very high frequency current of energy, why is it so hot?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In the p subshell of an atom, how does pz=0?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
The number of electrons increases as the value of principle Quantum number increases, then why do they say that the electron density decreases with the increase of distance?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
A balloon is filled with hydrogen, has a volume of 1m³ and a mass of 1kg. What would the volume be of a block of light material that the balloon can lift?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
When a type of slab is put between the parallel plate capacitor, is it true that the electric field inside the plate always decreases?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
Shouldn't the event horizon of a black hole be spherical rather than circular as shown in the movie "Interstellar"?
What is meaning of charging current?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean? How is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
What would the theoretical effect of time dilation be if the Alcubierre drive were built and used to travel faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
Are there any similarities between a saw-wave sound and a distorted sound?
Why does Sn separation energy decrease when the number of neutrons increases?
How do we understand the explicatory stance that quantum physics explains the afterlife?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What is use of the different types of gauges in physics and what exactly are they?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
A particle of charge +2q exerts a force F on a particle of charge -q. What is the force exerted by the particle of charge -q on particle of charge +2q?
Is the logic that 'if time has an infinite past and an infinite future then everything will eventually happen' proof that time will end?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
How does a light beam travel trough vacuum?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
Is it possible that the magnitude of the resultant of two forces of equal magnitude is equal to the magnitude of one of the forces?
Does intensity decrease in TIR and reflection of light?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
Two clocks near a BH are at the same distance. One is in a free fall state and the other stays at a constant distance. Will they measure the time the same?
What force pulls liquid towards the ground?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
What is tensile strength testing?
What are the 8 properties of matter?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
What is the amount of work done in moving a point charge around a circular arc of radius r at the centre of which another point charge is located?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
What is the significance of the average values of a particular waveform?
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Hypothetically, if an M1A2 Abrams could shoot straight up (90 degrees), how high could an AP shell reach?
What is your analysis of physics NEET 2017?
What observations led pythagoras and his followers to conclude that the earth was spherical?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is couple stress in fluid?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do all particles have the same wavelength in the double slit experiment?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of T=hf/2k then what would be the average energy of vibration in terms of kT?
Why does the friction factor in pipe flow depends on these variables?
What is the difference between a critical speed and a whirling speed?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
What should I learn in physics?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
If you could, how would you convert Hawking radiation to joules?
How much mass would it take to change the gravitational pull of Earth?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
A person with some mass is running with the same velocity as a car. Suddenly he enters the car. What is the final speed of the car?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
What are gravity equal to magnets?
Do off-diagonal terms of the full charge flux density tensor affect the Electromagnetic field?
You have two plates with some charge in them, e.g. (+Q and -Q), and they are placed close to each other. Will they act as a Dipole or a capacitor?
What is the smallest diameter a manufacturer can make a custom-made electromagnet?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
A ray incident that is normally on a plane mirror retraces its path on reflection. Why?
Why can a ship float over water, but an iron ball can’t?
Within the decibel scale, what is the absolute quietest amount of sound that could ever be physically possible?
Is space created when matter turns into energy?
Is there a galactic wave, that destroys everything in its path?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How does one create the most electricity with the least torque?
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What is the maximum density of hydrogen?
Why is the red blood cell called a cell when it has no nucleus?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
What would a material which is one square foot in area, but only one atom thick look and feel like?
What will the magnetic field of a neutron star do to me if I'm standing on its surface (ignoring the gravity and surface heat of the star)?
How deep would a 2 km block of gold sink into the Earth? Would it tunnel down to the mantle?
Is it necessary that there has to be a pi in the numerator of an angular velocity equation?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
If then acceleration of a piston is zero, what is angle of a crank from IDC?
What is the reading on a weighing scale when the elevator is accelerating upwards?
How can I prove the parity operator is Hermitian?
Where can I learn differentiation and integration from the beginning?
What is the formula for velocity and distance?
What is a "baseline" for a parallax measurement?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
How is the cost of using electrical energy reduced by using a large amount of energy for a longer period of time?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
Do people in space actually age slower and live longer or is it just by our definition of what time is?
How would you make money with a time machine?
Why is GNWL filled faster than PQWL?
How do magnetic repulsion work?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
What is the projectile motion of a cliff?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
Would light change its speed while orbiting in the event horizon?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
How were electrons created?
This may sound strange, but if nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, then why don't we find a way to build ships out of "Nothing"?
If we are living in a three dimensional universe, why are scientists always using two dimensional blanket models to explain the force of gravity?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
How can you explain oceanic gravity anomalies?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Do any private colleges provide a 4-year integrated M.Sc+B.Sc physics in India?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Why does the quality of life matter?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
What do we mean by vector?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
Can we prepare photon?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
Is it possible for me too do the electron wave duality experiment at home?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
If electrons exist in discrete energy levels, how can they gain energy without dissipating it immediately? Do they remain in the energy level?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
Which college is best for a research level education in BSc in physics?
Do stray photons cause the wave function collapse of an electron in a box, for example?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
Why won't two capacitors in parallel give me as much power as one capacitor in a coil gun?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
At which frequency interference will be high at low or high?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
What is the value of critical angle for a material of refractive index root 2?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Why don’t the innermost electrons of atoms interact electromagnetically with the quarks inside the nucleus?
What is matter and what is wave?
What is Wien’s displacement law?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
Why does the value of K not change with the addition of a catalyst if its activation energy changes?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Can we transmit energy from one point to another, which are far apart (say Earth and Moon), without any physical connection between them (eg. wire)?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
What is left to be explored in physics?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
What will happen if two inclined ramp car collided with each other, which car will jump/flip?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
Why does carbon become stable after sharing 4 electron?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
What is the moment of inertia along the diagonal of a rectangle?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
When and how was the current system of measuring time founded/evolved?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
Does every particle have a gravitational pull?
Why does the separation between successive equipotential surfaces get wider as the distance from the charges increases?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How could we determine the direction of a lone pair in an atom?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
What is an intuitive way to understand a tensor product?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
When a ball hits a piece of cloth, is Newton’s third law of motion involved?
How do you choose the particle number when applying DMRG to the Bose-Hubbard model?
What are Wave Equation applications?
What would happen if we don't have any measurements to measure time?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
How does gravity pull us down?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Why does acceleration of water in a tank increase when we go upward?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
How do I minimize yaw velocity?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
What happens if I put a charged particle on an empty space, and I start to move in relation to the charge? Will I detect a magnetic force/field?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Why doesn't the topped up water of a partly emptied ice tray freeze?
Two particles are moving in opposite directions with the same speed of 0.8c. What is their relative speed?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Why are there 130 chemical elements instead of an infinite number?
What would be the state of the universe if, nucleons were made of electrons and neutrons?
How many neutrons can a cadmium control rod absorb before it becomes unable to absorb additional neutrons?
What if physics and its laws never existed?
Why can't two electrons revolve 180° to each other?
Are we all moving in circles?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What is the dielectric constant of a medium?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
How do I show that, for the adiabatic expansion of an ideal gas, PV^=constant?
Do we have to imagine extra dimensions if we are to understand the relationship between silicone oil droplet experiments and the behavior of electrons?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
How did Newton discover the law of motion?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
What will be the visible changes when a supernova explodes in our Galaxy?
If electricity is flow of electrons, why is the velocity of flow of current is not the velocity of electrons?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What is the unit of permeability?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
How does a radial system work?
What is a good working model of physics for class 9?
What are the elastic properties of the earth on which the velocity of seismic waves depend?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What are some ways to calculate relativistic speed?
What is the direction of electron flow in an electrolytic cell?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What have matrices been used to model in physics?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What happens to acceleration when a body moves upwards?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
How do I know that the body is positive charged or negative charged?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
Is it a reality or rumours that “time crystals” are a new state of matter? First of all, what are “time crystals”?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How hot/cold would a metal surface orbiting the Earth be due to Solar radiation?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
To find the direction of a magnetic force on a proton, which hand rule must you use?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Why aren't atoms with anti-protons and anti-electrons natural?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
What is the proportional point in elasticity?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
What do physicists think of the novel Pandora's Keepers?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
What is the physics behind a fidget spinner while spinning?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
Light and sound are electromagnetic radiation. Likewise, what is the physical description of smell?
How can I get a fully-funded stipend for an MSc in physics?
How can particle entanglement be observed practically?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
If we get the work functions of two different unknown metals, can we compare their masses? Like which is heavier among the two?
Is our universe in a time loop?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the difference between matter and radiation?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Is there anything smaller than a Planck length?
What are some orthorhombic examples?
Can theoretical physics prove the existence of God?
How can a helium nuclei form with four positive charges, as the positive charges repel each other?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
What is density bottle?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
If we remove electrons from each atom or molecule on the earth, can the earth be charged?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
Can heat be generated from light?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
What would be the change in the wavelength range if a source of gravity waves recedes at 0.9c from us? Do gravity waves act in the same way?
Why is the heat transfer coefficient increased when the heat flux is increased, and what is the mechanism inside a tube when the heat flux is increased?
Has there been any hike in IPCL’s energy charge recently?
If a Q charge is placed near centre of cavity of a conducting sphere, then what is the electrical field at any outside point?
Any complicated motion of a rigid body can be separated as the motion of the center of mass and pure rotation about the center of mass. Why is this true?
Why do we use atomic rather than nuclear masses in analyzing most nuclear decay and reaction processes?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
If we wanted to travel at the speed of light, our mass would be infinite. Why, then, is a photon’s mass not infinite?
Why, in certain 3-phase connections, the magnetizing current is sinusoidal but the core flux then becomes nonsinusoidal?
If the moon behaves like an apple, can we behave like an electron or a photon?
What is Coriolis force and its significance?
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
Is the mass of a body a relative term or an inherent property? Does it depend on its velocity, which itself is a relative term?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
What is circuit in physics?
The potential on the midway of a dipole is zero. Is it possible to bring in a charge from infinity without doing any work?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
Is the electron probability density cloud for 1 shell (K shell) the same across all elements?
How can a probe in space accelerate with the gravity of a star/planet/moon without falling into it?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
Why does the 4f orbital of Ce have 1 electron and the Pr have 3?
How can one suppose a particle exists, but it has never been observed? Isn't that just make-believe?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
Why does the first law of thermodynamics not explain the source of energy?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Was Einstein aware of pilot wave theory?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
The radius of the first orbit of a hydrogen atom is 0.529 A°. What will be the radius of the third orbit of He1+ ion?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
The tension of piano wire is 10N. What would be the tension needed to produce double the frequency?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
How do I calculate the acceleration of a ball thrown upwards according to Newton's law?
What makes light accelarate when it enters a medium of lower refractive index?
What does internal resistance mean?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
Through what experiments did Max Planck find out about blackbody radiation?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
What is the difference between acoustic/light waves and induced waves which travel through a material?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
What is the difference between ionisation energy and ionisation potential?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
What expression can be derived for the maximum height reached when a body is projected vertically upwards?
What happens to pressure with an increase in temperature?
Is there any change in the speed of light travel from rarer to denser mediums, normally?
Many physicists have said that quantum mechanics makes no sense. What needs to be discovered/understood for quantum mechanics to make sense?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Why is the division of two vectors not possible?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
How can a photon be a "wave particle"? How many periods does the photon have? What is the shape of a photon?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
Besides photons, do other sub-atomic particles have frequencies?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
In their most advanced states do the differences between mathematics and physics blur so that you cannot tell them apart?
Could Dr. Sourabh Dube tell us about the collaboration of the experimental high energy physics group at the IISER in Pune with CERN?
What would happen and how would it change our lives if the Earth started to spin in the opposite direction?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
Can Richard Muller explain or prove the existence of God by any laws of physics?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
What are neutron stars made of?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
Should I study Physics or Engineering in College (debate style answer)?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
Which branch of physics deals with an atom’s excited state?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
Is it possible to create virtual gravity?
Which are the colleges in Kerala that provide integrated courses in physics?
Can photons use the space-time fabric as a medium?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Does entropy increase due to friction?
Is the ratio of matter and antimatter "1"?
If a man weighing 65kg lifts a trunk with a mass of 45kg to the top of a building 10m high in one minute, how do you find the power?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
According to Newton, each mass attracts every other mass. Why doesn’t the whole mass of the universe join together to form a super lump?
What is illuminated objects?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
Was Richard Feynman aware of pilot wave theory?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
What's the basis of physics? How can you prove all of the theories and formulas wrong? What is a slight change that could destroy the whole field of physics?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Why is it that when an electron is added to a neutral atom and still experiences an attraction to the nucleus, is energy given off?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
Why do objects appear close together from a far distance?
What are the different uses of energy from the sea?
How did Plank and Einstein conclude that there must be a quantization of the energy of light?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
What happens to the light in the long run? Does it continue its trajectory or does it fade out?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
If a ball hits a wall at a velocity of 2v and the wall is moving at a velocity of v, what would the velocity of the ball be after collision?
How did Einstein derive E = mc^2?
What are some scientific descriptions or representations or symbols of the nothingness?
What is thermal diffusion?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are all objects in space in motion? If so, why the high velocities?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
What do parallaxes have to do with why most organisms have two eyes?
If antimatter annihilation releases energy, could this energy decay back into matter?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
Does time exist in empty space?
In the future, would we be able to convert all masses of an atom into energy?
Where is the gluon fluctuation coming from?
Why are electrons called "negative"?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
If a student fails in physics but passes in all other subjects, can he appear for the compartment exam of physics?
Can the frequency and wavelength of a particular light wave be changed? If so, how, and in what range of values?
Is there a formula to calculate a car's acceleration from wheel torque?
The adjacent p orbitals of allylic carbon are perpendicular to each other, even though resonance occurs between them. Why?
Could the "Cold Spot" really be proof of another dimensions?
Why is fibre fineness more important in airjet spinning?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why does matter exist as it looks like but we know that it’s actually energy?
Since the Feynman path integrals seem to diverge, why do they work?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
What is the way to get into space agencies?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
If one were traveling at the speed of light, theoretically would they be able to run through a brick wall?
What is the dimension of area?
What does it mean for a particle to be massless? Or for that matter, what is mass?
Do mathematical equations in the electric and magnetic field tell us how things behave? Or what is the secret of its behavior in this way?
Does light carry mass according to E=mc2?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
What is the difference between deflection and displacement?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Do each and everything have its own light?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
What is the best way to learn advanced physics as a young person such as myself?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Which has the same numerical value both in the Kelvin scale and the Centigrade scale?
How many R.P.M. would the standard V8 engine need to turn to equal the speed of light?
What will happen if a solid football made of tungsten is thrown from space on any big city?
If Hawking radiation consists of photons then how do they escape a black hole? Can they be trapped?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
If you fired a bullet in a stable orbit and maintained your position, would it hit you in the back of the head?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What will happen if radio waves enter a black hole?
What is absolute space?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
How did God code the rules on how to behave or how to act into the atoms?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
What would happen if 8 metal-based spheres (half solid spheres and the other hollow) were magnetized and put in an orbit around a magnetic sphere?
How can I easily memorize formulas in physics, chemistry, and math for IITJEE?
would the Alcubierre drive be affected with time dilation if it was near a supermassive black hole?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
How many marks increase in the case of the physics paper in 2017?
If both magnitudes of charges and the distance between them are doubled, then what will Coulomb's force be?
How do particles move on a curved path in liquids and gases during Brownian motion without energy?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
How can you determine your weight on Jupiter?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
In the reaction of HCl, if diffused light is used to give heat energy, can we produce the reaction by giving only heat without light?
Is there any relation between the number of generalized coordinates and the degrees of freedom in classical mechanics?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
Two cubes of the same dimensions, one of them is totally iron and the other is hallow iron, filled with water: what is the buoyancy force on both?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Where should I begin to study math, physics, and chemistry for college?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
Could you build an atom-like structure using oppositely charged plasmas?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
Which is the ultimate substance in earth?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
In the Quantum Zeno effect, what does "watching it" or "making observations" entail? How is "watching" or "observing" defined in these experiments?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Can IR light reach into space?
In what direction would the air resistance applied on a ball be acting when the ball is at its highest position after being thrown vertically upwards?
A point source of 3000 lumens is located at a centre of cube with sides of 2m. What is the flux through one face of the cube?
What is a line spectrum?
What is a monochromatic function?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is zero energy, and where does it come from?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
How are the charged particles from the sun deflected towards the poles?
How do they obtain the data on the relative abundance of isotopes? For example, how do you know that 75.5% of all chlorine atoms have an MW of 35?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
What happens to the light after traveling very long distance (without being absorbed)? Does it fade away?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
How can I find normal force?
Can you explain the physics of cutting stuff with paper? Seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLXHLRa37_g
...
In simple terms, why does matter change its state?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
What is relativity and time?
What is the status of the experimental search for tachyons?
Which is faster: the speed of light or the energy particle released from an cyclotron?
Is it possible to make a vacuum wire?
Are postulates and assumptions the same?
How can I calculate the theoretical time it would take for a Porsche 911 Turbo S (36,821 lbs.) to go from 0 to 10 mph (0–14.67 ft/s)?
How can I find the acceleration from a velocity time graph?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
What are some examples of fundamental forces?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Which atoms deviate from going 4s2 then 3d10?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
What is the most unstable element?
Is there a shape I can add to the opposing edges of a disc to make it rotate more freely on a central axis in the wind?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
Is there a good way to explain to children how gravity is a result of general relativity that does not use gravity to explain it?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
How bright would the night sky be on an Earth-like planet orbiting a Sun-like star central to a very dense globular cluster such as 47-Tucanae?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
What happens to the temperature of a gas when it is expanded freely?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
How can we calculate the forces acting on a wheel hub and also show the formula for an ATV Baja?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
How can I prepare physics and chemistry?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Is the Higgs mechanism in accord with energy-mass equivalence?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
Why, when white light passes between two slits, the central light is white and blue fringes form closer to the centre?
What advantages has a physical scientist got in a normal life?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
How did they weigh an atom?
Can I still become a programmer though I failed in physics and chemistry in high school?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
What would happen if Einstein and Newton met for solving the current mysteries of physics?
If space travel is possible, what type of ship would we need?
How can we exploit our space-time?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
What is a wave function in physics?
Wouldn't PE become arbitrarily large the closer an object gets to Earth?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Could a big bang (w/inflation) happen again within our observable universe (say, long after all black holes have evaporated)?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
If I fired a shotgun in outer space, would the shots float in space ad infinitum?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What is a pilot wave theory?
What is the function of DNA and life? What’s the difference between dead matter and living matter?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
If the combined mass of an electron and a positron was approximately 1 MeV/c^2, then would the total energy of their annihilation be equal to (9*10^16) MeV?
Should I take physics I and II or chemistry I and II next semester?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
Is there any device which includes 6 modes of energy transfers? Hint: The last three modes are conduction, convection, and radiation.
If antibonding orbitals are formed as a result of destructive interference, then how are electrons present in those orbitals?
How do you bore a hole into a glass without breaking it?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
If an electron makes a transition from n=2 to n=1, what will be the wavelength of the emitted radiation?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
A fish is able to jump vertically out of the water with a speed of 4.59 m/s. What is the speed of the fish as it passes a point 0.53 m above the water?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What is the cheapest way to obtain constant mechanical energy?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Is it feasible to graduate at age 35 as a physicist in RSA?
What are some of periodic non-sinusoid equations concerning the study in mechanical vibration?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
What's the displacement time graph for a body with an acceleration of 5 m/s and a time interval of 5 seconds?
What are some careers that can be considered by a person interested in physics, mathematics and computer science?
Which is better for UG, physics or chemistry?
What was the physics going behind the Moon landing when the hammering sound was heard in the vastness of space?
How is the design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
What is the aim of Young's double slit experiment?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
What is condensed?
Why must an existing arbitrary length or distance (not necessarily on a straight line) be a constructible number related to any existing unit?
Are Physics Review Letter articles highly speculative?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the degree of degeneracy?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
How do I prove interference does not occur in an involute gear?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
How would you make me understand electric potential?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
How is electromagnetic torque produced?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
What is the meaning of charge density?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What are the scope of atomic physics?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
What causes Earth’s gravity anomaly? How does global atmospheric pressure contribute to reducing gravity value?
Can a volume of distribution have a volume equal to a true anatomic volume in the body?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
The upper part of my cell phone (receiver, front camera, proximity sensor area) is getting pretty heated up. I’m worried about radiation. Is this heat dangerous?
What is the difference between collapse pressure and burst pressure with a w.r.t. casing?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
If a body's mass depends on time, does an explicit formula exist for the work done by the resultant force over a random curve?
Can the flux lines of a magnetic field be pinched off like a FET gate pinches off electron flow?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
If all of the atoms in a magnetic material "participated" how much stronger would the magnetic strength be as compared to currently available magnets?
What should we do to get a bachelor’s degree in physics?
How do you absorb low frequency sound?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
How did we decide that the rest mass of photon is 0?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How do we walk according to Newton's third law of motion?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is there a closed form for the MRB constant?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
What is meant by the spring constant, k, of a spring? How would you measure k?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
Is the uncertainty in quantum mechanics uncertainty because we can't measure it perfectly or is there actual uncertainty going on?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
What is a vacuum casting of metal?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
Is visible light communication possible using normal LED's and what is the distance and speed of communication possible?
In David Bohm’s “Quantum Theory,” he writes this as the Hamiltonian for a particle with angular momentum. Where does the 2r∂∂r2r∂∂r\frac{2}{r}\frac{\partial }{\partial r} term come from?
How can it take more work to increase an object’s speed from 50mph to 60mph than 0-30 if special, or even Galilean, relativity is correct?
Why do some planets in our solar system have more than one moon, yet we only have one?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
What is the rate of change of density?
Is NITK Surathgal College good for one who wants to do an MSc in Physics?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
How much energy will be produced when 1 litre of liquid hydrogen is burnt?
What would happen if, in an atom, all its particles are replaced by anti particles?
How will the future generation study the traditional maths and physics?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How close are we to significantly reducing the weight of rocket ships?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
How much force does a body, say an apple, exert on the earth?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
Can the same side of a cosmological object face its satellite forever? If yes, then how?
Can you shrink an electromagnetic wave?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What is the difference between the energy of an orbit and the energy of an electron?
I am a TV cameraman. How can we interconnect the Doppler effect and color temperature (measured in Kelvin)?
Write the phenomena which are responsible to following converse of matter?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
In which state of matter is the kinetic energy of the particles of a substance the greatest?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
If gravity is a force, then how does it get energy to produce acceleration on objects?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Why does the weight of a body differ from place to place?
Are facts relative?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What is the magnitude of an electric field created by a conducting charged disc in an axial position?
What is the formula of intensity?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
To what extent does the centrifugal force of a neutron star's rotation cancel out it's enormous gravitational force?
What are the differences between stable and unstable equilibrium?
How would you explain the cosmological principle of the surface of last scattering in the simplest way possible?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Do we change our future an infinite number of times within every million fractions of a second?
What is the atomic structure in physics?
Is time absolute?
If a body is moving in a circle with a variable velocity then what types of accelerations are possible?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
How do scientists measure how much matter exists in space?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
Why are the iron losses assumed to be constant in the Swinburne test?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
Is the uncertainty of quantum mechanics related to the unpredictability of living systems?
Is it possible to strobe a laser?
We can find the mass of the sun in books, but is that really true? How are masses of heavenly bodies measured?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
Why is there a difference of 1 day in a lunar calendar of India and Saudi Arabia, though the time difference is only 2.5 hours?
Why can't matter or information travel faster than 299792458 metres per second?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
If gravity stopped holding us onto earth, would centrifugal forces cause us to fly off into space?
Do things appear closer to you when traveling at nearly the speed of light towards them?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
Why does fusion use mass for energy?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
Out of a K-positive meson and a K-neutral meson, whose decay is preferred?
Which endothermic process absorbs the greatest amount of energy?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
How would it be for a real shapeshifter to turn into another form with different masses and chemicals?
Why will the equipotential surfaces of a point charge be a concentric sphere?
How can I command in physics for AIIMS?
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
How is the distance related to time under uniformly accelerated motion such as that of a free fall?
Does the energy spent using a paper fan make you hotter than you were originally?
How can accuracy be found from the given information?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
Which of the configurations is more stable- the one having 5 electrons in d shell or the one having 7 electrons in d shell?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
What is force and momentum?
What are some examples of extensive and intensive properties?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
What is the best physical python books?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
If a theory of everything turned out to consist of a few mathematical principles, could we then explain every phenomena in the universe with mathematics?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
Is there drag in space?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
Is work done by a force acting on an object when the object is moving with uniform velocity?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
At 50°C, a gas has l ATM of pressure, and 20 dm3 volume. What would its volume at S.T.P. be?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
If time is simultaneous, could one assume that the physical and the metaphysical realms are actually entangled and can influence each other?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
Why do we replace the constant "c" with a single coefficient "lambda" when writing a wave equation?
A cube of side length 1m falls on the ground. What’s the minimum mass it has to have for it to penetrate the earth and come out on the other side?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Is an IQ of 135 in a quick WAIS test good enough for me to be a physicist? I'm nearly 18 and really really love physics.
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why is fine structure constant named so?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
Can you derive and/or explain e=mc^2 in an easy way please?
When traveling at the speed of light, can we go back to the past?
If magnitudes of charges become double, then what will Coulomb's force be?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
A photon and Z boson has zero charge, but still has dipole moment. Is it true? If so, how?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Is the entropy of flat space higher than the same volume of warped space?
Why is it that "the energy of an object is a function of the square of its velocity"?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
I am from West Bengal. Can I pursue a B.Sc. in agriculture if I passed the HSC with physics, chemistry and math?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
Does squaring a sin wave change its frequency?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How difficult is it to convert energy into mass?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
Does your body contain electron protons like metals?
What does a relative charge do?
Would a nuclear-propelled cartridge fire a projectile that travels anywhere close to the speed of light?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
The refractive index of carbon disulphide and glass are 1.63 and 1.5, which is optically denser?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is coffee related to energy?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
At resonance, do objects make oscillations with its natural frequency at higher amplitudes?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
What is a conventional current? Why is it called that? How does a conventional current differ from an electron current?
Should I opt for dance or computer science with physics, chemistry and maths in grade 11 if I aim to be in one of the IITs?
What will happen if all of the electrons are removed from an atom? Will it become unstable?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What are the most sophisticated and advanced labs you've ever been to?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What will happen if the time is kept constant?
What is the difference between 1s and 2s orbital?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
How does energy audit differ from energy management?
Can metal be compressed into a smaller volume, at least doubling its density?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
What is a time tunnel?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Is Soumitra Sengupta one of the greatest physicist producers of India?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Why is it that: "The energy of an object is a function of its velocity squared"?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
How much organic chemistry knowledge is required for IPhO?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
How do you explain mass production?
Why do people ask for "unknown facts" all the time?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
Why does an energy band bend?
Is it possible for a planets ring to have a greater mass than the planet itself?
How do bosons interact between fermions?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
What limits how fast humans can run?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
What was the velocity of the wind required in order to make this table fly? The table is 16 lb (7kg) with a flat lifting surface 42″ (1.07) above the floor.
What does Einstein's theory about space say about the stability of the moon’s orbit around the Earth?
If the Earth presumably has a homogeneous density, why would its gravitational force decrease with us on it (Halliday's Fundamentals of Physics)?
Can a top quark/top antiquark pair be produced from the decay of a gluon?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How can we tell for sure that the spins of entangled electrons are set randomly when measured and not when they were entangled?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
Will a spacecraft get to an inert point further away quicker than a shorter distance due to acceleration and subsequent deceleration?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
How do I cover the physics O-level syllabus as quickly as possible?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
If we sit in a firmly closed room, the mass of the air below us isn't too much, but why does the pressure remain the same?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a speed droop and why is it needed?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Can kinetic energy be siphoned from a particle at its zero point energy?
Can we consider that the speed of Light is not constant but rather it's fluctuating around "c" velocity?
Is photon truly a photon only in vacuum?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
Should I take Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and EPQ, or Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and Economics at the A-level to get admitted to top US universities?
Which websites will help us study physics?
Why does Surface plasmon resonance occur only with p-polarized light and not with s-polarized light?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean, and how is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
Is there a way to counter “The Particle Style” other than the Kamui?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
Is information non-physical?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Quantum mechanics states that anything can have wave characteristics. What is the shortest possible wavelength of anything?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
What are the mistakes that can be made while finding the maximum dry density and field density in a road where the MDD is lower than the field density?
What is the actual physical meaning of entropy, thermodynamically, except that it is a measure of randomness? Why does it have units of kJ/K?
A laser light can be sharply focused due to which property?
How can the law of acceleration be explained?
How do I understand mercury energy diagram with mercury vapor lamp spectrum?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
What are the dimensional formulas for work, pressure, and energy?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
What are some of the most interesting things we see in quantum physics?
At what mass does an organism have a 50% chance of surviving a fall at terminal velocity?
Does a wave always have the same amplitude as it travels through a medium?
Where do we interface with the "leading edge of time", as Richard Muller puts it? How does spacetime affect the atoms in our bodies?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
What is one second time?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
Why do we see smoke after every burnout? Why not any other state of matter?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
What's the essence of smell?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
Can we consider dual nature of light as a paradox?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
What should I go for after 12th standard to become a theoretical physicist?
How do people know that sound travels faster in water than through the air?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
If time moves backwards, does it necessarily mean that everything moves in reverse? Can't time move backwards while we all keep moving forward?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Who is Jack Fraser's favorite physicist?
Would Richard Muller give me permission to translate Physics for Future Presidents to the Dari language?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
How much mass would the Earth have to gain in order to make the gravity exactly 10?
What does Δa/Δt=0 mean?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What's the procedure to take biology in the class 12 board if I was a student of physics, chemistry, and maths?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
Is there no 'speed limit' in the mathematical or physics undergraduate education?
Is the fact that my earphones will always tangle but never untangle as time passes an example of Entropy?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
Are biology, physics, and chemistry tough to study or are they easy?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is time period?
Does uselessness actually exist, if every single particle that can ever exist is useful in at least one way, even if its just for one thing only?
Why can't we find the exact position of a spinning electron? What are some other examples of things we can't predict by calculus?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
What are some materials with refractive index n~~2 for microwaves and radio waves? Is there a good source of refractive index data for these wavelengths?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Is there any kind of force like strong nuclear force which would bind two electrons together?
What are some characteristics of the different types of atoms?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
Can EM waves get trapped in subwavelength shapes made from dielectric if total internal reflection prevents their escape? Or would they pass through?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
Can a steady object have acceleration?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
Can you know the wave's probabilities of a particle, before you measure it?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
If water had zero friction hypothetically, and the swimmer pushes the water backward, why would water not be able to exert a force on the swimmer going forward?
On the TV series Space: 1999, the Moon was blasted out of Earth's orbit. How big would the explosion have to be, and would it destroy the Moon?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
How do I ask my girlfriend for physical relations?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
What is the resultant force if 5 forces act on a point Q?
Is there a way, however advanced, to stop Hawking radiation particles from annihilating each other upon produce?
Light is an electromagnetic wave. Can an antenna catch light?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
Does quantum mechanics tells us everything about energy or is there any other concept which tells it?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How many electrons are in the L shell of CH4?
Is it possible to be in two places at the same time?
How can you relate "law of conservation of mass" and "law of conservation of energy"?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
Did people really convert mass to energy completely in practical?
What is the fundamental difference between magnetism and gravity?
Is momentum conserved in a non-isolated system?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
A coin and a feather are dropped in a vaccum. Which one will reach the ground first? Why?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
How can I get the highest marks in the physics exams?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
Under what circumstances can the mean velocity profile of turbulent flow in a pipe be considered uniform?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
Can there be a reversible constant pressure or constant volume processes?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
How did scientists find out that the waves in the water are controlled by the moon?
How can we visualize the fourth dimension?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
Do electronic cars emit radio waves?
Is it easier to pull an object or push it on a levelled plain where friction exists?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What are beats in the interference of sound waves?
What is the magnetic moment of an octant?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
How would I find the equivalent resistance between terminals A and D in this circuit using the loop law or KVL?
Why do physicists assume that living systems function in a steady state when rapid internal and external fluctuations would seem to preclude this?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
Is every kind of field a distortion of spacetime?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
How is resistance related to hardness?
What type of prize do people receive for next-to-useless theorems like that of Cauchy?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
Why do electrons move as a wave around the nucleus in the Bohr model of the atom? Does a matter wave even exist?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Should I study Physics at university if I got a C in my high school final Math exam?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
What is the thing that makes light luminous?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
Regarding turbomachinery, if I know the inlet (almost radial) airflow and outlet (axial), how can I get the velocity triangles and simple blade geometry?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What do you mean by density?
Is it possible to make sound waves to propagate in a 2D plane alone (sort of like a laser does it with light)?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
Two bodies of masses m and 3m are vertically thrown upward with the same velocity. On coming back to earth, will they have the same velocity or zero velocity?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
How are transistor voltages ultimately translated into computer instructions?
Why E●=E/k? (in electrostatics)
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
Why is a complete circuit needed for a current to flow?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
What is the "adminiom" (not sure about the name) or the permanent magnet used in a free energy generator? Is a free energy generator real or just a lie?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
What are the physics streams available for a B.Tech in India?
Why is the gear ratio always bigger than 1 while the speed ratio is always less than one?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
Do all questions have correct answers?
What is a time period in waves?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
What actually is virtual displacement?
Does red or blue light supply more energy to a solar cell? Why?
Which branch of physics deals with the energy inside atoms?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
Was Albert Einstein working on anything before he died?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What are some examples of quantum algorithms being run on dWave and the like? What are their state transitions?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What was the exact physical problem or defect of Chitraveerya and Vichitraveerya in Mahabharata?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Will the time dilation at the speed of light move us into the past or future?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
Won't the development of humans be very fast when all of us study Quantum physics instead of arts and fashion designing?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Can increasing pressure give a non-linear enthalpy response?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the stipend given for an integrated physics course through JEST?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
In what situations are energy and mass interchangeable or does it matter?
If a neutron is a cause of strong nuclear forces, then why does a hydrogen atom become unstable when two neutrons are added to protium?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
Is there a fundamental difference in the biomechanics of cycling on the flat and cycling uphill?
Approximately what is the number of atoms in one virus?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
How does it feel to do MSC physics from university of Hyderabad?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
Why do we maintain a vacuum in a surface condenser?
What is displaced current?
How do I concentrate on my studies, especially physics, chemistry and maths?
What is “entropy” in physics, with an example?
In the first law of thermodynamics, what do we take pressure to be and why is that so?
Can a net force be zero?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
Due to the constant reaction of H and He atoms on the sun, can the sun vanish?
What if there were dimensions such as length, width, height and time bundled in extremely small scales?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Is the friction between the molecules in the water for example when they move so fast create a heat?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
What are the effects on gravity of a strong, non-orbiting ring slightly off center in a plane around a spherical planet?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
What if questions asking "what if I got hit by (massive object) traveling at the speed of light” actually meant light in a medium rather than C?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
How do I prepare numericals in physics CBSE 12?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Should I learn general relativity?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
How are renormalization groups used in theoretical physics?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
Does mass affect gravity?
How do you derive Lorentz transformations from S2=c2t21−v21t21=c2t22−v22t22S2=c2t12−v12t12=c2t22−v22t22S^2=c^2t_1^{\,2}-v_1^{\,2}t_1^{\,2}=c^2t_2^{\,2}-v_2^{\,2}t_2^{\,2}?
What is the maximum value of absolute vacuum pressure?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Why does the adiabatic process have non-conducting boundaries?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Why does dark energy have negative pressure?
How does energy take any specific shape?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
Can a quark/antiquark pair (e.g., up quark/up antiquark) be produced from the decay of a photon?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
What is a dimension? Could we be sure that there are more than 3 dimensions? Can 1d or 2d objects exist in a 3d world?
Does movement slow down time?
Will acceleration change with time?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
What will be the ratio of the kinetic energy of electrons if the frequency of electrons in the hydrogen orbits are in the ratio 1:8?
How do I calculate the volume of a spheric section if I know the small circle diameter and distance from the apex to the base of the section?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
How is the internal design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
How is the formula for the law of inertia applied?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
What is the difference between pressure head and height from reference to measure pressure?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is Maxwell’s wave equation?
Why is gravity considered a force, but its unit is not Newton?
The centrifugal force of the earth balances the gravitational force of the sun. What is the cause of that centrifugal force?
If you develop a hypothesis then explain an important paradox in physics, whom should you contact to verify it if you are from a poor African country?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
What is space-time relativity?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
Which of the following graphs correctly show the speed and the corresponding distance covered by an object moving along a straight line?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
Now that I'm working on quantum correlations in continuous variable systems, what does the notion of BITS 0 and 1 represent in such systems?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
Are black holes like cosmic whirl pools that break matter down into its finest form, spew out like a solar flare, and then the vacuum pushes it right back in?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Why does the direction of a dipole go from negative to positive?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it correct to say that c is the space-time speed limit because no acceleration source travels faster than c (i.e. electrostatic repulsion)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
What do you mean by the trace of a function {i.e., Tr (exp(iH)} in quantum field theory?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Do you think that a thought can be represented as a vector in space and that this whole thing can be understood though electromagnetic fields?
How is a photon absorbed by a fermion (electron)?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is the work done in moving a test charge q through a distance of 1 cm along the equipotential axis of an electric dipole?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
How can I mathematically show the relation between the launch height and the range covered by the projectile?
What state of matter is jelly?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
What are the scope of atomic physics in India?
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
What are the specific heat capacities of water and steam?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
Is there a way to create an uneven flow of heat through an object?
What are the important differences between quantum mechanics and quantum theory?
Why do many constants in physics have term of 4 pi with them?
All objects do not equally oppose change in the state of motion. Why?
8 billion people live in this world. How can I meet them all?
Do solids also achieve 0 volume (theoretically) at 0 k?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
How are antiprotons formed?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
Is it sufficient to study physics, chemistry and maths with full concentration every day for four hours each in class 10 to score well on boards?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is the best strategy to prepare for physics optional?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Is it possible that Einstein was not the first to come up with the theories of general and special relativity?
What is the physical significance of an infinite series?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
When a ray of light travels from air to glass how does its velocity, wavelength and frequency change?
Electrostatics is said to be the study of Laplace’s equation, so what will the equivalent counterpart be for Magnetostatics?
What would happen if we go perpendicular up to the space?
In quantum numbers, what happens when two substances have a different n (principle quantum no.) but same L (azimuthal quantum no.) value?
What are the constraints to packing a container ship?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
How does resistance vary with diameter?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
Is your physical condition important to you?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
Does the Coulomb force of attraction work with charges if some matter (like wood) is placed between them?
How can I find the distance traveled by a particle on a velocity-time graph?
How do the skull and CSF affect the power spectral density of EEG signals?
What is air column in physics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
According to Schrödinger's equation, is the probability of electron inside the nucleus highest?
If you don't like physics but going to the engineering program is the only way to keep peace in your family, what would you do?
The greatest amount of free energy is available at what level?
How is stuff weighed in space?
What is the cause of a non-stationary interference pattern?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
Is the Navier Stokes adequate to find solutions of compressible super fluid materials?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do the opposite poles of magnet bars attract each other?
Is the maximum numbers of electrons that can have principal quantum numbers N=3, and spin quantum number of Ms =-1/2?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
If sound has more velocity in denser mediums then why can't sound pass through glass?
What is gain cross over frequency?
In quantum mechanics, antimatter and matter particles keep popping up to form energy. Can you harvest this energy before the particles disappear?
What if all the wave functions are self normalised?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Which angle gives the smallest magnetic energy E=-m.b.cos(x)?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
Why do we need infinite energy in order to move an object moving at the speed of light?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
Is dark matter and dark energy the manifestation of engineering at the cosmological scale?
Is the formula of getting back in time practical?
Who are currently the leading personalities in Quantum Field Theory?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Does quantum mechanics prove that time and space are related?
In surface tension, how are repulsive forces between the molecules at the bottom balanced by the attractive forces at the surface?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
If a spacecraft was travelling at the speed of light and turned headlights on, would the light emitted be travelling at twice the speed of light?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
What is instantaneous length?
Can an object stay in space at it's physical state absolutely unmoved, unchanged and if so can time really not exist?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
Is energy in the electric field in a vacuum ever transferred slower than the speed of light?
Where do waves go when they break?
What are some steady music?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
If T is time period of  particle executing SHM, what is time taken to move distance of half amplitude ?
Does a person need to have a lot of knowledge of physics to sense God like Richard Muller does?
What is the significance of the inverse square law theory?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
Do you think projectile motion is a good Math IA topic?
Where can I attend online tests to get certificates in physics?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
What is the direction of electric force?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What are gravity equal electric forces?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
How does a suspended magnet work?
Can you study for math, physics, chemistry and other subjects in 2 weeks?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
Can Quantum level physics be explained using probabilistic patterns of direct causal forces interacting in multi-dimensional space?
Can electricity pass through the flash light of a digital camera?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
Does audience gives more energy?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
How is light travelling through a water bottle photographed/videographed as seen in some videos online?
How do solids behave according to Hooke's law?
Given that we receive the heat and light of the sun on the Earth, how come space is cold?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
What is the formula for the law of inertia?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
What does this mean "notion of distance on a space and carries with it a certain structure"?
What if we could see the spacetime fabric?
Hasn’t quantum mechanics became just an obscure pop science topic rather than a real scientific challenge?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
What is the expression of a magnetic moment?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
What waves are used in sonar?
What is the displacement time graph for velocity greater than 0 and acceleration less than 0?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
How was the JNUEE M.Sc physics entrance paper in 2017?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
How is gravity produced by objects, at an atomic viewpoint, and why is it produced?
Can a particle have the same gravity and move freely on the moon as on the Earth?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
What is the frequency of a body having an angular speed of 1.2 into 10 respond - 3 radians?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
To what extent is the human body an analogy for fundamental chemical engineering principles like heat and mass transfer? Give examples.
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
Is a contact angle a property of the 2 interfaces? Read the description, please.
How can we often use a ray diagram, with only a couple of rays, to solve optical problems even when the situation involves an infinite number of rays?
What is the second law of motion?
As we say, light speed is constant. But when we are in motion and two lighning strikes fall simultaneously, then we see one earlier than the other. Why?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
If lightning is a very high frequency current of energy, why is it so hot?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In the p subshell of an atom, how does pz=0?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
The number of electrons increases as the value of principle Quantum number increases, then why do they say that the electron density decreases with the increase of distance?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
A balloon is filled with hydrogen, has a volume of 1m³ and a mass of 1kg. What would the volume be of a block of light material that the balloon can lift?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
When a type of slab is put between the parallel plate capacitor, is it true that the electric field inside the plate always decreases?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
Shouldn't the event horizon of a black hole be spherical rather than circular as shown in the movie "Interstellar"?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
What is meaning of charging current?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean? How is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
What would the theoretical effect of time dilation be if the Alcubierre drive were built and used to travel faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
Are there any similarities between a saw-wave sound and a distorted sound?
Does an atomic explosion affect the earth's magnetic field?
Why does Sn separation energy decrease when the number of neutrons increases?
How do we understand the explicatory stance that quantum physics explains the afterlife?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What is use of the different types of gauges in physics and what exactly are they?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
A particle of charge +2q exerts a force F on a particle of charge -q. What is the force exerted by the particle of charge -q on particle of charge +2q?
Is the logic that 'if time has an infinite past and an infinite future then everything will eventually happen' proof that time will end?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
How does a light beam travel trough vacuum?
Is it possible that the magnitude of the resultant of two forces of equal magnitude is equal to the magnitude of one of the forces?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
Does intensity decrease in TIR and reflection of light?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
What force pulls liquid towards the ground?
Two clocks near a BH are at the same distance. One is in a free fall state and the other stays at a constant distance. Will they measure the time the same?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
What is tensile strength testing?
What are the 8 properties of matter?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
What is the amount of work done in moving a point charge around a circular arc of radius r at the centre of which another point charge is located?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
What is the significance of the average values of a particular waveform?
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Hypothetically, if an M1A2 Abrams could shoot straight up (90 degrees), how high could an AP shell reach?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
What is your analysis of physics NEET 2017?
Why is Kirchhoff’s loop rule true?
What observations led pythagoras and his followers to conclude that the earth was spherical?
What is couple stress in fluid?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
Why is dielectric constant for metal infinite? What is the value of their dielectric strength?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do all particles have the same wavelength in the double slit experiment?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of T=hf/2k then what would be the average energy of vibration in terms of kT?
Why does the friction factor in pipe flow depends on these variables?
If a gas of a certain mass is heated up to the Planck temperature, what will be the outcome?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
What is the difference between a critical speed and a whirling speed?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
What should I learn in physics?
If you could, how would you convert Hawking radiation to joules?
How much mass would it take to change the gravitational pull of Earth?
What is the total amount of energy by every nuclear explosion since 1945?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
A person with some mass is running with the same velocity as a car. Suddenly he enters the car. What is the final speed of the car?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
What are gravity equal to magnets?
Do off-diagonal terms of the full charge flux density tensor affect the Electromagnetic field?
You have two plates with some charge in them, e.g. (+Q and -Q), and they are placed close to each other. Will they act as a Dipole or a capacitor?
What is the smallest diameter a manufacturer can make a custom-made electromagnet?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
A ray incident that is normally on a plane mirror retraces its path on reflection. Why?
Why can a ship float over water, but an iron ball can’t?
Within the decibel scale, what is the absolute quietest amount of sound that could ever be physically possible?
Is space created when matter turns into energy?
Is there a galactic wave, that destroys everything in its path?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How should I be good in physics?
How does one create the most electricity with the least torque?
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What is the maximum density of hydrogen?
Why is the red blood cell called a cell when it has no nucleus?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
What would a material which is one square foot in area, but only one atom thick look and feel like?
What will the magnetic field of a neutron star do to me if I'm standing on its surface (ignoring the gravity and surface heat of the star)?
“A couple on a body produce both translational and rotational motion in body?” Is this statement correct or wrong?
How deep would a 2 km block of gold sink into the Earth? Would it tunnel down to the mantle?
Is it necessary that there has to be a pi in the numerator of an angular velocity equation?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
If then acceleration of a piston is zero, what is angle of a crank from IDC?
What is the reading on a weighing scale when the elevator is accelerating upwards?
How can I prove the parity operator is Hermitian?
It might be a silly question, but what will happen to a body if its atoms’ electrons' energy is soaked?
Where can I learn differentiation and integration from the beginning?
What is the formula for velocity and distance?
What is a "baseline" for a parallax measurement?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
How is the cost of using electrical energy reduced by using a large amount of energy for a longer period of time?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
What would happen if our Solar System was moving with a speed nearing the speed of light?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
Do people in space actually age slower and live longer or is it just by our definition of what time is?
How would you make money with a time machine?
Why is GNWL filled faster than PQWL?
How do magnetic repulsion work?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
What is the projectile motion of a cliff?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
Would light change its speed while orbiting in the event horizon?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
How were electrons created?
This may sound strange, but if nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, then why don't we find a way to build ships out of "Nothing"?
If we are living in a three dimensional universe, why are scientists always using two dimensional blanket models to explain the force of gravity?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
A spherical shell of radius R has charge q uniformly distributed over it. What is the force exerted by one half over the other?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
How can you explain oceanic gravity anomalies?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
What is the difference between block matching and optical flow, in motion estimation between video frames?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Do any private colleges provide a 4-year integrated M.Sc+B.Sc physics in India?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Why does the quality of life matter?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
What do we mean by vector?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
Can we prepare photon?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
Is it possible for me too do the electron wave duality experiment at home?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
Are there any bodies of mass or objects in space that are actually perfectly still (by 'still' I mean not rotating or orbiting)?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
If electrons exist in discrete energy levels, how can they gain energy without dissipating it immediately? Do they remain in the energy level?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
Which college is best for a research level education in BSc in physics?
Do stray photons cause the wave function collapse of an electron in a box, for example?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
Why won't two capacitors in parallel give me as much power as one capacitor in a coil gun?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
At which frequency interference will be high at low or high?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
What is the value of critical angle for a material of refractive index root 2?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Why don’t the innermost electrons of atoms interact electromagnetically with the quarks inside the nucleus?
What is matter and what is wave?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
What is Wien’s displacement law?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
Why does the value of K not change with the addition of a catalyst if its activation energy changes?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Can we transmit energy from one point to another, which are far apart (say Earth and Moon), without any physical connection between them (eg. wire)?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
What is left to be explored in physics?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
What will happen if two inclined ramp car collided with each other, which car will jump/flip?
Why does carbon become stable after sharing 4 electron?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
What is the moment of inertia along the diagonal of a rectangle?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
When and how was the current system of measuring time founded/evolved?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
Does every particle have a gravitational pull?
Why does the separation between successive equipotential surfaces get wider as the distance from the charges increases?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How could we determine the direction of a lone pair in an atom?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
What is an intuitive way to understand a tensor product?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
When a ball hits a piece of cloth, is Newton’s third law of motion involved?
How do you choose the particle number when applying DMRG to the Bose-Hubbard model?
What are Wave Equation applications?
What would happen if we don't have any measurements to measure time?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
How does gravity pull us down?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
Why does acceleration of water in a tank increase when we go upward?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
How do I minimize yaw velocity?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
What happens if I put a charged particle on an empty space, and I start to move in relation to the charge? Will I detect a magnetic force/field?
Is there anyone on Quora who can solve my daily problems related to Physics, Chemistry & Mathematics?
Why doesn't the topped up water of a partly emptied ice tray freeze?
Two particles are moving in opposite directions with the same speed of 0.8c. What is their relative speed?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Why are there 130 chemical elements instead of an infinite number?
What would be the state of the universe if, nucleons were made of electrons and neutrons?
How many neutrons can a cadmium control rod absorb before it becomes unable to absorb additional neutrons?
What if physics and its laws never existed?
Why can't two electrons revolve 180° to each other?
Are we all moving in circles?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What is the dielectric constant of a medium?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
How do I show that, for the adiabatic expansion of an ideal gas, PV^=constant?
Do we have to imagine extra dimensions if we are to understand the relationship between silicone oil droplet experiments and the behavior of electrons?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
How did Newton discover the law of motion?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
What will be the visible changes when a supernova explodes in our Galaxy?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If electricity is flow of electrons, why is the velocity of flow of current is not the velocity of electrons?
What is the volume expansion coefficient of gas?
What is the unit of permeability?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
How does a radial system work?
What is a good working model of physics for class 9?
What are the elastic properties of the earth on which the velocity of seismic waves depend?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What are some ways to calculate relativistic speed?
What is the direction of electron flow in an electrolytic cell?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What have matrices been used to model in physics?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What happens to acceleration when a body moves upwards?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
How do I know that the body is positive charged or negative charged?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
Is it a reality or rumours that “time crystals” are a new state of matter? First of all, what are “time crystals”?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
How hot/cold would a metal surface orbiting the Earth be due to Solar radiation?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
To find the direction of a magnetic force on a proton, which hand rule must you use?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Why aren't atoms with anti-protons and anti-electrons natural?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
What is the proportional point in elasticity?
What if we had a 3rd direction in the same dimension?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
What do physicists think of the novel Pandora's Keepers?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
What is the physics behind a fidget spinner while spinning?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
Light and sound are electromagnetic radiation. Likewise, what is the physical description of smell?
How can I get a fully-funded stipend for an MSc in physics?
How can particle entanglement be observed practically?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
If we get the work functions of two different unknown metals, can we compare their masses? Like which is heavier among the two?
Is our universe in a time loop?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the difference between matter and radiation?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Is there anything smaller than a Planck length?
What are some orthorhombic examples?
Can theoretical physics prove the existence of God?
How can a helium nuclei form with four positive charges, as the positive charges repel each other?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
What is density bottle?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
If we remove electrons from each atom or molecule on the earth, can the earth be charged?
Which is more difficult to study theoritical physics or astrophysics?
Can heat be generated from light?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
What would be the change in the wavelength range if a source of gravity waves recedes at 0.9c from us? Do gravity waves act in the same way?
Why is the heat transfer coefficient increased when the heat flux is increased, and what is the mechanism inside a tube when the heat flux is increased?
Has there been any hike in IPCL’s energy charge recently?
If a Q charge is placed near centre of cavity of a conducting sphere, then what is the electrical field at any outside point?
Any complicated motion of a rigid body can be separated as the motion of the center of mass and pure rotation about the center of mass. Why is this true?
Why do we use atomic rather than nuclear masses in analyzing most nuclear decay and reaction processes?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
If we wanted to travel at the speed of light, our mass would be infinite. Why, then, is a photon’s mass not infinite?
Why, in certain 3-phase connections, the magnetizing current is sinusoidal but the core flux then becomes nonsinusoidal?
If the moon behaves like an apple, can we behave like an electron or a photon?
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What is Coriolis force and its significance?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
Is the mass of a body a relative term or an inherent property? Does it depend on its velocity, which itself is a relative term?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
What is circuit in physics?
The potential on the midway of a dipole is zero. Is it possible to bring in a charge from infinity without doing any work?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
Is the electron probability density cloud for 1 shell (K shell) the same across all elements?
How can a probe in space accelerate with the gravity of a star/planet/moon without falling into it?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
Why does the 4f orbital of Ce have 1 electron and the Pr have 3?
How can one suppose a particle exists, but it has never been observed? Isn't that just make-believe?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
Why does the first law of thermodynamics not explain the source of energy?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Do experimental physicist actually use the formulas we learn in physics classes?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
What are some sites where I can find both equilibrium and nonequilibrium thermodynamics described?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Was Einstein aware of pilot wave theory?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
The radius of the first orbit of a hydrogen atom is 0.529 A°. What will be the radius of the third orbit of He1+ ion?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
The tension of piano wire is 10N. What would be the tension needed to produce double the frequency?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
How do I calculate the acceleration of a ball thrown upwards according to Newton's law?
What makes light accelarate when it enters a medium of lower refractive index?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What does internal resistance mean?
Through what experiments did Max Planck find out about blackbody radiation?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
What is the difference between acoustic/light waves and induced waves which travel through a material?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
What is the difference between ionisation energy and ionisation potential?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
What expression can be derived for the maximum height reached when a body is projected vertically upwards?
What happens to pressure with an increase in temperature?
Is there any change in the speed of light travel from rarer to denser mediums, normally?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
Many physicists have said that quantum mechanics makes no sense. What needs to be discovered/understood for quantum mechanics to make sense?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Why is the division of two vectors not possible?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
How can a photon be a "wave particle"? How many periods does the photon have? What is the shape of a photon?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
Besides photons, do other sub-atomic particles have frequencies?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
In their most advanced states do the differences between mathematics and physics blur so that you cannot tell them apart?
Could Dr. Sourabh Dube tell us about the collaboration of the experimental high energy physics group at the IISER in Pune with CERN?
What would happen and how would it change our lives if the Earth started to spin in the opposite direction?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
Can Richard Muller explain or prove the existence of God by any laws of physics?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
What are neutron stars made of?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
Should I study Physics or Engineering in College (debate style answer)?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
Which branch of physics deals with an atom’s excited state?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
Is it possible to create virtual gravity?
Which are the colleges in Kerala that provide integrated courses in physics?
Can photons use the space-time fabric as a medium?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Does entropy increase due to friction?
Is the ratio of matter and antimatter "1"?
If a man weighing 65kg lifts a trunk with a mass of 45kg to the top of a building 10m high in one minute, how do you find the power?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
According to Newton, each mass attracts every other mass. Why doesn’t the whole mass of the universe join together to form a super lump?
What is illuminated objects?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
Was Richard Feynman aware of pilot wave theory?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
What's the basis of physics? How can you prove all of the theories and formulas wrong? What is a slight change that could destroy the whole field of physics?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Why is it that when an electron is added to a neutral atom and still experiences an attraction to the nucleus, is energy given off?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
Why do objects appear close together from a far distance?
What are the different uses of energy from the sea?
How did Plank and Einstein conclude that there must be a quantization of the energy of light?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
What happens to the light in the long run? Does it continue its trajectory or does it fade out?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
If a ball hits a wall at a velocity of 2v and the wall is moving at a velocity of v, what would the velocity of the ball be after collision?
How did Einstein derive E = mc^2?
What are some scientific descriptions or representations or symbols of the nothingness?
What is thermal diffusion?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are all objects in space in motion? If so, why the high velocities?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
What do parallaxes have to do with why most organisms have two eyes?
If antimatter annihilation releases energy, could this energy decay back into matter?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
Is there any kind of force acting between an electron and a neutron?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
Does time exist in empty space?
In the future, would we be able to convert all masses of an atom into energy?
Where is the gluon fluctuation coming from?
Why are electrons called "negative"?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
If a student fails in physics but passes in all other subjects, can he appear for the compartment exam of physics?
Can the frequency and wavelength of a particular light wave be changed? If so, how, and in what range of values?
Is there a formula to calculate a car's acceleration from wheel torque?
The adjacent p orbitals of allylic carbon are perpendicular to each other, even though resonance occurs between them. Why?
Could the "Cold Spot" really be proof of another dimensions?
Why is fibre fineness more important in airjet spinning?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why does matter exist as it looks like but we know that it’s actually energy?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
Since the Feynman path integrals seem to diverge, why do they work?
What is the way to get into space agencies?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
If one were traveling at the speed of light, theoretically would they be able to run through a brick wall?
What is the dimension of area?
What does it mean for a particle to be massless? Or for that matter, what is mass?
Do mathematical equations in the electric and magnetic field tell us how things behave? Or what is the secret of its behavior in this way?
Does light carry mass according to E=mc2?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
What is the difference between deflection and displacement?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Do each and everything have its own light?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
What is the best way to learn advanced physics as a young person such as myself?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Which has the same numerical value both in the Kelvin scale and the Centigrade scale?
How many R.P.M. would the standard V8 engine need to turn to equal the speed of light?
What will happen if a solid football made of tungsten is thrown from space on any big city?
If Hawking radiation consists of photons then how do they escape a black hole? Can they be trapped?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
If you fired a bullet in a stable orbit and maintained your position, would it hit you in the back of the head?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is absolute space?
What will happen if radio waves enter a black hole?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
How did God code the rules on how to behave or how to act into the atoms?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
What would happen if 8 metal-based spheres (half solid spheres and the other hollow) were magnetized and put in an orbit around a magnetic sphere?
How can I easily memorize formulas in physics, chemistry, and math for IITJEE?
would the Alcubierre drive be affected with time dilation if it was near a supermassive black hole?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
How many marks increase in the case of the physics paper in 2017?
If both magnitudes of charges and the distance between them are doubled, then what will Coulomb's force be?
How do particles move on a curved path in liquids and gases during Brownian motion without energy?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
How can you determine your weight on Jupiter?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
In the reaction of HCl, if diffused light is used to give heat energy, can we produce the reaction by giving only heat without light?
Is there any relation between the number of generalized coordinates and the degrees of freedom in classical mechanics?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Two cubes of the same dimensions, one of them is totally iron and the other is hallow iron, filled with water: what is the buoyancy force on both?
Where should I begin to study math, physics, and chemistry for college?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
Could you build an atom-like structure using oppositely charged plasmas?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
Which is the ultimate substance in earth?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
In the Quantum Zeno effect, what does "watching it" or "making observations" entail? How is "watching" or "observing" defined in these experiments?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Can IR light reach into space?
In what direction would the air resistance applied on a ball be acting when the ball is at its highest position after being thrown vertically upwards?
A point source of 3000 lumens is located at a centre of cube with sides of 2m. What is the flux through one face of the cube?
What is a line spectrum?
What is a monochromatic function?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
What is zero energy, and where does it come from?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
Are watches affected by gravity?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
How are the charged particles from the sun deflected towards the poles?
How do they obtain the data on the relative abundance of isotopes? For example, how do you know that 75.5% of all chlorine atoms have an MW of 35?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
What happens to the light after traveling very long distance (without being absorbed)? Does it fade away?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
How can I find normal force?
Can you explain the physics of cutting stuff with paper? Seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLXHLRa37_g
...
In simple terms, why does matter change its state?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
What is relativity and time?
What is the status of the experimental search for tachyons?
How do I strengthen my concepts of physics and chemistry?
Which is faster: the speed of light or the energy particle released from an cyclotron?
Is it possible to make a vacuum wire?
Are postulates and assumptions the same?
How can I calculate the theoretical time it would take for a Porsche 911 Turbo S (36,821 lbs.) to go from 0 to 10 mph (0–14.67 ft/s)?
How can I find the acceleration from a velocity time graph?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
What are some examples of fundamental forces?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
Which atoms deviate from going 4s2 then 3d10?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
What is the most unstable element?
Is there a shape I can add to the opposing edges of a disc to make it rotate more freely on a central axis in the wind?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
Is there a good way to explain to children how gravity is a result of general relativity that does not use gravity to explain it?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
How bright would the night sky be on an Earth-like planet orbiting a Sun-like star central to a very dense globular cluster such as 47-Tucanae?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
What happens to the temperature of a gas when it is expanded freely?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
How can we calculate the forces acting on a wheel hub and also show the formula for an ATV Baja?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
How can I prepare physics and chemistry?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Is the Higgs mechanism in accord with energy-mass equivalence?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
Why, when white light passes between two slits, the central light is white and blue fringes form closer to the centre?
What advantages has a physical scientist got in a normal life?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
How did they weigh an atom?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Can I still become a programmer though I failed in physics and chemistry in high school?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
What would happen if Einstein and Newton met for solving the current mysteries of physics?
If space travel is possible, what type of ship would we need?
How can we exploit our space-time?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
What is a wave function in physics?
Wouldn't PE become arbitrarily large the closer an object gets to Earth?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Could a big bang (w/inflation) happen again within our observable universe (say, long after all black holes have evaporated)?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
If I fired a shotgun in outer space, would the shots float in space ad infinitum?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What is a pilot wave theory?
What is the function of DNA and life? What’s the difference between dead matter and living matter?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
If the combined mass of an electron and a positron was approximately 1 MeV/c^2, then would the total energy of their annihilation be equal to (9*10^16) MeV?
Should I take physics I and II or chemistry I and II next semester?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
Is there any device which includes 6 modes of energy transfers? Hint: The last three modes are conduction, convection, and radiation.
If antibonding orbitals are formed as a result of destructive interference, then how are electrons present in those orbitals?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
How do you bore a hole into a glass without breaking it?
If an electron makes a transition from n=2 to n=1, what will be the wavelength of the emitted radiation?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
A fish is able to jump vertically out of the water with a speed of 4.59 m/s. What is the speed of the fish as it passes a point 0.53 m above the water?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What is the cheapest way to obtain constant mechanical energy?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Is it feasible to graduate at age 35 as a physicist in RSA?
What are some of periodic non-sinusoid equations concerning the study in mechanical vibration?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
What's the displacement time graph for a body with an acceleration of 5 m/s and a time interval of 5 seconds?
What are some careers that can be considered by a person interested in physics, mathematics and computer science?
Which is better for UG, physics or chemistry?
What was the physics going behind the Moon landing when the hammering sound was heard in the vastness of space?
How is the design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
What is the importance of Maxwell's equations in physics?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
What is the aim of Young's double slit experiment?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
If the magnetic poles are moving, how long would they take to swap or reach the current equator? What would the effect of this be?
What is condensed?
Why must an existing arbitrary length or distance (not necessarily on a straight line) be a constructible number related to any existing unit?
Are Physics Review Letter articles highly speculative?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the degree of degeneracy?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
How do I prove interference does not occur in an involute gear?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
How would you make me understand electric potential?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
How is electromagnetic torque produced?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
What would happen if you steadily rose at one foot per second?
What is the meaning of charge density?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What are the scope of atomic physics?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
What causes Earth’s gravity anomaly? How does global atmospheric pressure contribute to reducing gravity value?
Can a volume of distribution have a volume equal to a true anatomic volume in the body?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
The upper part of my cell phone (receiver, front camera, proximity sensor area) is getting pretty heated up. I’m worried about radiation. Is this heat dangerous?
What is the difference between collapse pressure and burst pressure with a w.r.t. casing?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
If a body's mass depends on time, does an explicit formula exist for the work done by the resultant force over a random curve?
Can the flux lines of a magnetic field be pinched off like a FET gate pinches off electron flow?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
If all of the atoms in a magnetic material "participated" how much stronger would the magnetic strength be as compared to currently available magnets?
What should we do to get a bachelor’s degree in physics?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you absorb low frequency sound?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
How did we decide that the rest mass of photon is 0?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
How do we walk according to Newton's third law of motion?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is there a closed form for the MRB constant?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
As particles and huge entropy are created by the decaying inflaton field, is the information in the present universe also due to the same process?
What is meant by the spring constant, k, of a spring? How would you measure k?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
Is the uncertainty in quantum mechanics uncertainty because we can't measure it perfectly or is there actual uncertainty going on?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
What is a vacuum casting of metal?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
Is visible light communication possible using normal LED's and what is the distance and speed of communication possible?
In David Bohm’s “Quantum Theory,” he writes this as the Hamiltonian for a particle with angular momentum. Where does the 2r∂∂r2r∂∂r\frac{2}{r}\frac{\partial }{\partial r} term come from?
How can it take more work to increase an object’s speed from 50mph to 60mph than 0-30 if special, or even Galilean, relativity is correct?
Why do some planets in our solar system have more than one moon, yet we only have one?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
What is the rate of change of density?
Is NITK Surathgal College good for one who wants to do an MSc in Physics?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
How much energy will be produced when 1 litre of liquid hydrogen is burnt?
What would happen if, in an atom, all its particles are replaced by anti particles?
How will the future generation study the traditional maths and physics?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How close are we to significantly reducing the weight of rocket ships?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
How much force does a body, say an apple, exert on the earth?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
Can the same side of a cosmological object face its satellite forever? If yes, then how?
Can you shrink an electromagnetic wave?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What is the difference between the energy of an orbit and the energy of an electron?
I am a TV cameraman. How can we interconnect the Doppler effect and color temperature (measured in Kelvin)?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Write the phenomena which are responsible to following converse of matter?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
In which state of matter is the kinetic energy of the particles of a substance the greatest?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
If gravity is a force, then how does it get energy to produce acceleration on objects?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Why does the weight of a body differ from place to place?
Are facts relative?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
If mass increases with increasing velocity, does it not violate law of conservation of momentum?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What is the magnitude of an electric field created by a conducting charged disc in an axial position?
What is the formula of intensity?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
Do magnets have infinite energy?
To what extent does the centrifugal force of a neutron star's rotation cancel out it's enormous gravitational force?
What are the differences between stable and unstable equilibrium?
How would you explain the cosmological principle of the surface of last scattering in the simplest way possible?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Do our bodies emit light?
Do we change our future an infinite number of times within every million fractions of a second?
What is the atomic structure in physics?
If a body is moving in a circle with a variable velocity then what types of accelerations are possible?
Is time absolute?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
How do scientists measure how much matter exists in space?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
Why are the iron losses assumed to be constant in the Swinburne test?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
Is the uncertainty of quantum mechanics related to the unpredictability of living systems?
Is it possible to strobe a laser?
We can find the mass of the sun in books, but is that really true? How are masses of heavenly bodies measured?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
Why is there a difference of 1 day in a lunar calendar of India and Saudi Arabia, though the time difference is only 2.5 hours?
Why can't matter or information travel faster than 299792458 metres per second?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
If gravity stopped holding us onto earth, would centrifugal forces cause us to fly off into space?
Do things appear closer to you when traveling at nearly the speed of light towards them?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
How is it that some materials have mobile electrons and some do not?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
Why does fusion use mass for energy?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
Out of a K-positive meson and a K-neutral meson, whose decay is preferred?
Which endothermic process absorbs the greatest amount of energy?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
How would it be for a real shapeshifter to turn into another form with different masses and chemicals?
Why will the equipotential surfaces of a point charge be a concentric sphere?
How can I command in physics for AIIMS?
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
How is the distance related to time under uniformly accelerated motion such as that of a free fall?
Does the energy spent using a paper fan make you hotter than you were originally?
How can accuracy be found from the given information?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
Which of the configurations is more stable- the one having 5 electrons in d shell or the one having 7 electrons in d shell?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
What is force and momentum?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
What are some examples of extensive and intensive properties?
What is the best physical python books?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
If a theory of everything turned out to consist of a few mathematical principles, could we then explain every phenomena in the universe with mathematics?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
Is there drag in space?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
Is work done by a force acting on an object when the object is moving with uniform velocity?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
At 50°C, a gas has l ATM of pressure, and 20 dm3 volume. What would its volume at S.T.P. be?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
If time is simultaneous, could one assume that the physical and the metaphysical realms are actually entangled and can influence each other?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
Why do we replace the constant "c" with a single coefficient "lambda" when writing a wave equation?
A cube of side length 1m falls on the ground. What’s the minimum mass it has to have for it to penetrate the earth and come out on the other side?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Is an IQ of 135 in a quick WAIS test good enough for me to be a physicist? I'm nearly 18 and really really love physics.
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why is fine structure constant named so?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
Can you derive and/or explain e=mc^2 in an easy way please?
When traveling at the speed of light, can we go back to the past?
If magnitudes of charges become double, then what will Coulomb's force be?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
A photon and Z boson has zero charge, but still has dipole moment. Is it true? If so, how?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
What if Earth's radius started increasing by one foot per second?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Is the entropy of flat space higher than the same volume of warped space?
Why is it that "the energy of an object is a function of the square of its velocity"?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
I am from West Bengal. Can I pursue a B.Sc. in agriculture if I passed the HSC with physics, chemistry and math?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
Does squaring a sin wave change its frequency?
How large can a cube get before it collapses under its own gravity?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How difficult is it to convert energy into mass?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
Does your body contain electron protons like metals?
What does a relative charge do?
Would a nuclear-propelled cartridge fire a projectile that travels anywhere close to the speed of light?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
The refractive index of carbon disulphide and glass are 1.63 and 1.5, which is optically denser?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
At resonance, do objects make oscillations with its natural frequency at higher amplitudes?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
What is a conventional current? Why is it called that? How does a conventional current differ from an electron current?
Should I opt for dance or computer science with physics, chemistry and maths in grade 11 if I aim to be in one of the IITs?
What will happen if all of the electrons are removed from an atom? Will it become unstable?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What are the most sophisticated and advanced labs you've ever been to?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What will happen if the time is kept constant?
What is the difference between 1s and 2s orbital?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
How does energy audit differ from energy management?
Can metal be compressed into a smaller volume, at least doubling its density?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
What is a time tunnel?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Is Soumitra Sengupta one of the greatest physicist producers of India?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Why is it that: "The energy of an object is a function of its velocity squared"?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
How much organic chemistry knowledge is required for IPhO?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
How do you explain mass production?
Why do people ask for "unknown facts" all the time?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
Why does an energy band bend?
Is it possible for a planets ring to have a greater mass than the planet itself?
How do bosons interact between fermions?
What are the units of elastic modulus?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
What limits how fast humans can run?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
What is the longest free fall possible on Earth?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
What was the velocity of the wind required in order to make this table fly? The table is 16 lb (7kg) with a flat lifting surface 42″ (1.07) above the floor.
What does Einstein's theory about space say about the stability of the moon’s orbit around the Earth?
If the Earth presumably has a homogeneous density, why would its gravitational force decrease with us on it (Halliday's Fundamentals of Physics)?
Can a top quark/top antiquark pair be produced from the decay of a gluon?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How can we tell for sure that the spins of entangled electrons are set randomly when measured and not when they were entangled?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
Will a spacecraft get to an inert point further away quicker than a shorter distance due to acceleration and subsequent deceleration?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
How do I cover the physics O-level syllabus as quickly as possible?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
If we sit in a firmly closed room, the mass of the air below us isn't too much, but why does the pressure remain the same?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a speed droop and why is it needed?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Can kinetic energy be siphoned from a particle at its zero point energy?
Can we consider that the speed of Light is not constant but rather it's fluctuating around "c" velocity?
Is photon truly a photon only in vacuum?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
Should I take Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and EPQ, or Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and Economics at the A-level to get admitted to top US universities?
Which websites will help us study physics?
Why does Surface plasmon resonance occur only with p-polarized light and not with s-polarized light?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean, and how is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Is there a way to counter “The Particle Style” other than the Kamui?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
Is information non-physical?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Quantum mechanics states that anything can have wave characteristics. What is the shortest possible wavelength of anything?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
What are the mistakes that can be made while finding the maximum dry density and field density in a road where the MDD is lower than the field density?
What is the actual physical meaning of entropy, thermodynamically, except that it is a measure of randomness? Why does it have units of kJ/K?
A laser light can be sharply focused due to which property?
How can the law of acceleration be explained?
How do I understand mercury energy diagram with mercury vapor lamp spectrum?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
What are mel-frequency cepstral coefficients?
What are the dimensional formulas for work, pressure, and energy?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
What are some of the most interesting things we see in quantum physics?
Does the rain change the charge of particles?
At what mass does an organism have a 50% chance of surviving a fall at terminal velocity?
Does a wave always have the same amplitude as it travels through a medium?
Where do we interface with the "leading edge of time", as Richard Muller puts it? How does spacetime affect the atoms in our bodies?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
What is one second time?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
Could gravity be a phenomenon of the nuclear force inherent between atoms of all the compressed material that makes up the Earth?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
Why do we see smoke after every burnout? Why not any other state of matter?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could we use a comet to travel to another solar system?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
What's the essence of smell?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
Could it be possible to produce an unstable aluminum isotope fueled fission reactor?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
Can we consider dual nature of light as a paradox?
What should I go for after 12th standard to become a theoretical physicist?
How do people know that sound travels faster in water than through the air?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
How do the forces of an object in uniform circular motion within a larger circular motion path (e.g. the moon around sun) change? How can it be calculated?
If time moves backwards, does it necessarily mean that everything moves in reverse? Can't time move backwards while we all keep moving forward?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Who is Jack Fraser's favorite physicist?
Would Richard Muller give me permission to translate Physics for Future Presidents to the Dari language?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
How much mass would the Earth have to gain in order to make the gravity exactly 10?
What does Δa/Δt=0 mean?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What's the procedure to take biology in the class 12 board if I was a student of physics, chemistry, and maths?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
Is there no 'speed limit' in the mathematical or physics undergraduate education?
Is the fact that my earphones will always tangle but never untangle as time passes an example of Entropy?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
What if you steadily dropped in altitude at one foot per second?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
Are biology, physics, and chemistry tough to study or are they easy?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is time period?
Does uselessness actually exist, if every single particle that can ever exist is useful in at least one way, even if its just for one thing only?
Why can't we find the exact position of a spinning electron? What are some other examples of things we can't predict by calculus?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
What are some materials with refractive index n~~2 for microwaves and radio waves? Is there a good source of refractive index data for these wavelengths?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Is there any kind of force like strong nuclear force which would bind two electrons together?
What are some characteristics of the different types of atoms?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
Can EM waves get trapped in subwavelength shapes made from dielectric if total internal reflection prevents their escape? Or would they pass through?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
Can a steady object have acceleration?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
Can you know the wave's probabilities of a particle, before you measure it?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
If water had zero friction hypothetically, and the swimmer pushes the water backward, why would water not be able to exert a force on the swimmer going forward?
On the TV series Space: 1999, the Moon was blasted out of Earth's orbit. How big would the explosion have to be, and would it destroy the Moon?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
How do I ask my girlfriend for physical relations?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
What is the resultant force if 5 forces act on a point Q?
Is there a way, however advanced, to stop Hawking radiation particles from annihilating each other upon produce?
Light is an electromagnetic wave. Can an antenna catch light?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
Does quantum mechanics tells us everything about energy or is there any other concept which tells it?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How many electrons are in the L shell of CH4?
Is it possible to be in two places at the same time?
How can you relate "law of conservation of mass" and "law of conservation of energy"?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
Did people really convert mass to energy completely in practical?
What is the fundamental difference between magnetism and gravity?
Is momentum conserved in a non-isolated system?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
A coin and a feather are dropped in a vaccum. Which one will reach the ground first? Why?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
How can I get the highest marks in the physics exams?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
Under what circumstances can the mean velocity profile of turbulent flow in a pipe be considered uniform?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
Can there be a reversible constant pressure or constant volume processes?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
How did scientists find out that the waves in the water are controlled by the moon?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
Is it easier to pull an object or push it on a levelled plain where friction exists?
How can we visualize the fourth dimension?
Do electronic cars emit radio waves?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What are beats in the interference of sound waves?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
What is the magnetic moment of an octant?
How would I find the equivalent resistance between terminals A and D in this circuit using the loop law or KVL?
Why do physicists assume that living systems function in a steady state when rapid internal and external fluctuations would seem to preclude this?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
Is every kind of field a distortion of spacetime?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
How are physics equations actually derived?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
How is resistance related to hardness?
What type of prize do people receive for next-to-useless theorems like that of Cauchy?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
Why do electrons move as a wave around the nucleus in the Bohr model of the atom? Does a matter wave even exist?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Should I study Physics at university if I got a C in my high school final Math exam?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
What is the thing that makes light luminous?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
How would physics look like if we never discovered math?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
Regarding turbomachinery, if I know the inlet (almost radial) airflow and outlet (axial), how can I get the velocity triangles and simple blade geometry?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What do you mean by density?
Is it possible to make sound waves to propagate in a 2D plane alone (sort of like a laser does it with light)?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
Two bodies of masses m and 3m are vertically thrown upward with the same velocity. On coming back to earth, will they have the same velocity or zero velocity?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
How are transistor voltages ultimately translated into computer instructions?
Why E●=E/k? (in electrostatics)
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
Why is a complete circuit needed for a current to flow?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
What is the "adminiom" (not sure about the name) or the permanent magnet used in a free energy generator? Is a free energy generator real or just a lie?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why is the gear ratio always bigger than 1 while the speed ratio is always less than one?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
What are the physics streams available for a B.Tech in India?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
What is a time period in waves?
What actually is virtual displacement?
Does red or blue light supply more energy to a solar cell? Why?
Which branch of physics deals with the energy inside atoms?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
Was Albert Einstein working on anything before he died?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What are some examples of quantum algorithms being run on dWave and the like? What are their state transitions?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What was the exact physical problem or defect of Chitraveerya and Vichitraveerya in Mahabharata?
Will the time dilation at the speed of light move us into the past or future?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Won't the development of humans be very fast when all of us study Quantum physics instead of arts and fashion designing?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Can increasing pressure give a non-linear enthalpy response?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the stipend given for an integrated physics course through JEST?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
In what situations are energy and mass interchangeable or does it matter?
If a neutron is a cause of strong nuclear forces, then why does a hydrogen atom become unstable when two neutrons are added to protium?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
Is there a fundamental difference in the biomechanics of cycling on the flat and cycling uphill?
Approximately what is the number of atoms in one virus?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
How does it feel to do MSC physics from university of Hyderabad?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
Why do we maintain a vacuum in a surface condenser?
What is displaced current?
How do I concentrate on my studies, especially physics, chemistry and maths?
What is “entropy” in physics, with an example?
Can a net force be zero?
In the first law of thermodynamics, what do we take pressure to be and why is that so?
Due to the constant reaction of H and He atoms on the sun, can the sun vanish?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
What if there were dimensions such as length, width, height and time bundled in extremely small scales?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Is the friction between the molecules in the water for example when they move so fast create a heat?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
What are the effects on gravity of a strong, non-orbiting ring slightly off center in a plane around a spherical planet?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
What if questions asking "what if I got hit by (massive object) traveling at the speed of light” actually meant light in a medium rather than C?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
How do I prepare numericals in physics CBSE 12?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
Should I learn general relativity?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
How are renormalization groups used in theoretical physics?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
Does mass affect gravity?
How do you derive Lorentz transformations from S2=c2t21−v21t21=c2t22−v22t22S2=c2t12−v12t12=c2t22−v22t22S^2=c^2t_1^{\,2}-v_1^{\,2}t_1^{\,2}=c^2t_2^{\,2}-v_2^{\,2}t_2^{\,2}?
What is the maximum value of absolute vacuum pressure?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Why does the adiabatic process have non-conducting boundaries?
Why does dark energy have negative pressure?
How does energy take any specific shape?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
Can a quark/antiquark pair (e.g., up quark/up antiquark) be produced from the decay of a photon?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
What is a dimension? Could we be sure that there are more than 3 dimensions? Can 1d or 2d objects exist in a 3d world?
Does movement slow down time?
Will acceleration change with time?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
What will be the ratio of the kinetic energy of electrons if the frequency of electrons in the hydrogen orbits are in the ratio 1:8?
How do I calculate the volume of a spheric section if I know the small circle diameter and distance from the apex to the base of the section?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
How is the internal design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
How is the formula for the law of inertia applied?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
What is the difference between pressure head and height from reference to measure pressure?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is Maxwell’s wave equation?
Why is gravity considered a force, but its unit is not Newton?
The centrifugal force of the earth balances the gravitational force of the sun. What is the cause of that centrifugal force?
If you develop a hypothesis then explain an important paradox in physics, whom should you contact to verify it if you are from a poor African country?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
What is space-time relativity?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
Which of the following graphs correctly show the speed and the corresponding distance covered by an object moving along a straight line?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
Now that I'm working on quantum correlations in continuous variable systems, what does the notion of BITS 0 and 1 represent in such systems?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
Are black holes like cosmic whirl pools that break matter down into its finest form, spew out like a solar flare, and then the vacuum pushes it right back in?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Why does the direction of a dipole go from negative to positive?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
Is it correct to say that c is the space-time speed limit because no acceleration source travels faster than c (i.e. electrostatic repulsion)?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
What do you mean by the trace of a function {i.e., Tr (exp(iH)} in quantum field theory?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Do you think that a thought can be represented as a vector in space and that this whole thing can be understood though electromagnetic fields?
How is a photon absorbed by a fermion (electron)?
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What would happen if you drew a line on a very fast spinning disk?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is the work done in moving a test charge q through a distance of 1 cm along the equipotential axis of an electric dipole?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
What state of matter is jelly?
How can I mathematically show the relation between the launch height and the range covered by the projectile?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
What are the scope of atomic physics in India?
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
What are the specific heat capacities of water and steam?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
Is there a way to create an uneven flow of heat through an object?
What are the important differences between quantum mechanics and quantum theory?
Why do many constants in physics have term of 4 pi with them?
All objects do not equally oppose change in the state of motion. Why?
8 billion people live in this world. How can I meet them all?
Do solids also achieve 0 volume (theoretically) at 0 k?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How are antiprotons formed?
Is it sufficient to study physics, chemistry and maths with full concentration every day for four hours each in class 10 to score well on boards?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is the best strategy to prepare for physics optional?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Is it possible that Einstein was not the first to come up with the theories of general and special relativity?
What is the physical significance of an infinite series?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
When a ray of light travels from air to glass how does its velocity, wavelength and frequency change?
Electrostatics is said to be the study of Laplace’s equation, so what will the equivalent counterpart be for Magnetostatics?
What would happen if we go perpendicular up to the space?
In quantum numbers, what happens when two substances have a different n (principle quantum no.) but same L (azimuthal quantum no.) value?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
What are the constraints to packing a container ship?
How does resistance vary with diameter?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
Is your physical condition important to you?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
Does the Coulomb force of attraction work with charges if some matter (like wood) is placed between them?
How can I find the distance traveled by a particle on a velocity-time graph?
How do the skull and CSF affect the power spectral density of EEG signals?
What is air column in physics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
According to Schrödinger's equation, is the probability of electron inside the nucleus highest?
If you don't like physics but going to the engineering program is the only way to keep peace in your family, what would you do?
The greatest amount of free energy is available at what level?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What is the cause of a non-stationary interference pattern?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
Is the Navier Stokes adequate to find solutions of compressible super fluid materials?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do the opposite poles of magnet bars attract each other?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Is the maximum numbers of electrons that can have principal quantum numbers N=3, and spin quantum number of Ms =-1/2?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
If sound has more velocity in denser mediums then why can't sound pass through glass?
What is gain cross over frequency?
In quantum mechanics, antimatter and matter particles keep popping up to form energy. Can you harvest this energy before the particles disappear?
What if all the wave functions are self normalised?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Which angle gives the smallest magnetic energy E=-m.b.cos(x)?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
Why do we need infinite energy in order to move an object moving at the speed of light?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
Is dark matter and dark energy the manifestation of engineering at the cosmological scale?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
Is the formula of getting back in time practical?
Who are currently the leading personalities in Quantum Field Theory?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Does quantum mechanics prove that time and space are related?
In surface tension, how are repulsive forces between the molecules at the bottom balanced by the attractive forces at the surface?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
If a spacecraft was travelling at the speed of light and turned headlights on, would the light emitted be travelling at twice the speed of light?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
What is instantaneous length?
Can an object stay in space at it's physical state absolutely unmoved, unchanged and if so can time really not exist?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
Is energy in the electric field in a vacuum ever transferred slower than the speed of light?
Where do waves go when they break?
What are some steady music?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
If T is time period of  particle executing SHM, what is time taken to move distance of half amplitude ?
Does a person need to have a lot of knowledge of physics to sense God like Richard Muller does?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
What is the significance of the inverse square law theory?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
Do you think projectile motion is a good Math IA topic?
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
Where can I attend online tests to get certificates in physics?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
What is the direction of electric force?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
What are gravity equal electric forces?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
How does a suspended magnet work?
Can you study for math, physics, chemistry and other subjects in 2 weeks?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
Can Quantum level physics be explained using probabilistic patterns of direct causal forces interacting in multi-dimensional space?
Can electricity pass through the flash light of a digital camera?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
How is light travelling through a water bottle photographed/videographed as seen in some videos online?
How do solids behave according to Hooke's law?
Given that we receive the heat and light of the sun on the Earth, how come space is cold?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
What is the formula for the law of inertia?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
What does this mean "notion of distance on a space and carries with it a certain structure"?
What if we could see the spacetime fabric?
Hasn’t quantum mechanics became just an obscure pop science topic rather than a real scientific challenge?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
What is the expression of a magnetic moment?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
What waves are used in sonar?
What is the displacement time graph for velocity greater than 0 and acceleration less than 0?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
How was the JNUEE M.Sc physics entrance paper in 2017?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
How is gravity produced by objects, at an atomic viewpoint, and why is it produced?
Can a particle have the same gravity and move freely on the moon as on the Earth?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
What is the frequency of a body having an angular speed of 1.2 into 10 respond - 3 radians?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
To what extent is the human body an analogy for fundamental chemical engineering principles like heat and mass transfer? Give examples.
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
Is a contact angle a property of the 2 interfaces? Read the description, please.
If two objects are dropped one after the other, 1 second apart, will they remain at the same distance from each other during their free fall?
How can we often use a ray diagram, with only a couple of rays, to solve optical problems even when the situation involves an infinite number of rays?
What is the second law of motion?
As we say, light speed is constant. But when we are in motion and two lighning strikes fall simultaneously, then we see one earlier than the other. Why?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
If lightning is a very high frequency current of energy, why is it so hot?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In the p subshell of an atom, how does pz=0?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
The number of electrons increases as the value of principle Quantum number increases, then why do they say that the electron density decreases with the increase of distance?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
A balloon is filled with hydrogen, has a volume of 1m³ and a mass of 1kg. What would the volume be of a block of light material that the balloon can lift?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
When a type of slab is put between the parallel plate capacitor, is it true that the electric field inside the plate always decreases?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
Shouldn't the event horizon of a black hole be spherical rather than circular as shown in the movie "Interstellar"?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean? How is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
How did Expansion start?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
What would the theoretical effect of time dilation be if the Alcubierre drive were built and used to travel faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
Are there any similarities between a saw-wave sound and a distorted sound?
Does an atomic explosion affect the earth's magnetic field?
Why does Sn separation energy decrease when the number of neutrons increases?
How do we understand the explicatory stance that quantum physics explains the afterlife?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What is use of the different types of gauges in physics and what exactly are they?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
A particle of charge +2q exerts a force F on a particle of charge -q. What is the force exerted by the particle of charge -q on particle of charge +2q?
Is the logic that 'if time has an infinite past and an infinite future then everything will eventually happen' proof that time will end?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
How does a light beam travel trough vacuum?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
Is it possible that the magnitude of the resultant of two forces of equal magnitude is equal to the magnitude of one of the forces?
Does intensity decrease in TIR and reflection of light?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
What force pulls liquid towards the ground?
Two clocks near a BH are at the same distance. One is in a free fall state and the other stays at a constant distance. Will they measure the time the same?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
What is tensile strength testing?
What are the 8 properties of matter?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
What is the amount of work done in moving a point charge around a circular arc of radius r at the centre of which another point charge is located?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
If you levitate a healthy human with sound waves, then place them in a pressurized craft that is also levitated by sound, could they survive extreme G forces?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
What is the significance of the average values of a particular waveform?
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Hypothetically, if an M1A2 Abrams could shoot straight up (90 degrees), how high could an AP shell reach?
What is your analysis of physics NEET 2017?
Why is Kirchhoff’s loop rule true?
What observations led pythagoras and his followers to conclude that the earth was spherical?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is couple stress in fluid?
Why is dielectric constant for metal infinite? What is the value of their dielectric strength?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do all particles have the same wavelength in the double slit experiment?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of T=hf/2k then what would be the average energy of vibration in terms of kT?
Why does the friction factor in pipe flow depends on these variables?
If a gas of a certain mass is heated up to the Planck temperature, what will be the outcome?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
What is the difference between a critical speed and a whirling speed?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
What should I learn in physics?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
If you could, how would you convert Hawking radiation to joules?
How much mass would it take to change the gravitational pull of Earth?
What is the total amount of energy by every nuclear explosion since 1945?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
A person with some mass is running with the same velocity as a car. Suddenly he enters the car. What is the final speed of the car?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
What are gravity equal to magnets?
Do off-diagonal terms of the full charge flux density tensor affect the Electromagnetic field?
You have two plates with some charge in them, e.g. (+Q and -Q), and they are placed close to each other. Will they act as a Dipole or a capacitor?
What is the smallest diameter a manufacturer can make a custom-made electromagnet?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
A ray incident that is normally on a plane mirror retraces its path on reflection. Why?
Why can a ship float over water, but an iron ball can’t?
Within the decibel scale, what is the absolute quietest amount of sound that could ever be physically possible?
Is space created when matter turns into energy?
Is there a galactic wave, that destroys everything in its path?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How should I be good in physics?
How does one create the most electricity with the least torque?
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What is the maximum density of hydrogen?
Why is the red blood cell called a cell when it has no nucleus?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
What would a material which is one square foot in area, but only one atom thick look and feel like?
What will the magnetic field of a neutron star do to me if I'm standing on its surface (ignoring the gravity and surface heat of the star)?
“A couple on a body produce both translational and rotational motion in body?” Is this statement correct or wrong?
How deep would a 2 km block of gold sink into the Earth? Would it tunnel down to the mantle?
Is it necessary that there has to be a pi in the numerator of an angular velocity equation?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
If then acceleration of a piston is zero, what is angle of a crank from IDC?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What is the reading on a weighing scale when the elevator is accelerating upwards?
How can I prove the parity operator is Hermitian?
It might be a silly question, but what will happen to a body if its atoms’ electrons' energy is soaked?
Where can I learn differentiation and integration from the beginning?
What is the formula for velocity and distance?
What is a "baseline" for a parallax measurement?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
If you have a spherical object with different weights on each part of it (like a planet), would its gravitational impact be stronger on these parts?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
How can you describe the 7 forms of energy?
How is the cost of using electrical energy reduced by using a large amount of energy for a longer period of time?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
What would happen if our Solar System was moving with a speed nearing the speed of light?
When we say the Universe is flat, do we mean the surface or space is flat? Do we mean the observable universe or the whole universe?
Do people in space actually age slower and live longer or is it just by our definition of what time is?
How would you make money with a time machine?
Why is GNWL filled faster than PQWL?
How do magnetic repulsion work?
Can you provide some examples of emergent phenomena?
How does sunlight travel from space to earth?
What is the inability of a lens to bring all the rays coming from a point object to focus at one single point called?
Is there any relation between Samadhi and the special theory of relativity?
What is the projectile motion of a cliff?
A hydrogen filled balloon is floating in the air. What is the resultant force that is acting on the balloon?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
Can gravitational force be converted to work?
Would light change its speed while orbiting in the event horizon?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
How were electrons created?
This may sound strange, but if nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, then why don't we find a way to build ships out of "Nothing"?
If we are living in a three dimensional universe, why are scientists always using two dimensional blanket models to explain the force of gravity?
What is antimatter? Why do we have them?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
A spherical shell of radius R has charge q uniformly distributed over it. What is the force exerted by one half over the other?
What if two black holes collide and the wave formed by the collision strikes Earth?
Can anything be said about how a hypothetical SU(4) force would behave?
How can you explain oceanic gravity anomalies?
As we know that only 1% of the mass comes from the Higgs mass, then what about the remaining 99% of the mass?
Is the force of the impulse theorem the resultant force?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
What is the difference between block matching and optical flow, in motion estimation between video frames?
How does the mass of an object increase as it moves towards the speed of light to infinity at c? Is it an increase in volume or only density, and why?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
If Einstein never proposed the Theory of relativity, would we have have been able to land on the moon in 1969?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Do any private colleges provide a 4-year integrated M.Sc+B.Sc physics in India?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is the best job option to survive parallel to studying physics from correspondence?
Do quanta particles contain mass?
Why does the quality of life matter?
How can one say that the universe doesn't have an edge?
Why do we find it useful to have two units for amount of a substance kilogram and mole?
How granular is radar? Could it detect a small, fast moving object like a golfball?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
What is the pressure of an ideal Bose gas at the transition point?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
Why are only the octet elements stable?
What do we mean by vector?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
How would the differences in time compare from an observer on the earth, to an observer on the sun, due to time dilation?
Can we prepare photon?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
If a human (or anything) were to be placed in an environment that is at absolute zero, what would happen to them?
If two positive charges kept at a distance of 2m exert a force of 0.36 N, and if the combined charge is 26 microcoulombs, what is the magnitude of each charge?
Is it possible for me too do the electron wave duality experiment at home?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
When will a photon die?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
Are there any bodies of mass or objects in space that are actually perfectly still (by 'still' I mean not rotating or orbiting)?
What happens at atomic level when we cut something?
What happens if you get hit by a train at 100 miles per hour?
What is the best book on quantum mechanics for a beginner with very little background in calculus?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
If electrons exist in discrete energy levels, how can they gain energy without dissipating it immediately? Do they remain in the energy level?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Electrical force can produce changes in kinetic energy, but magnetic force can't. How?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
Which college is best for a research level education in BSc in physics?
Do stray photons cause the wave function collapse of an electron in a box, for example?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
Why won't two capacitors in parallel give me as much power as one capacitor in a coil gun?
What happens to a body when the centripetal force is more or less than the ability of the agent of the force?
How can displacement be found from a position-time graph and a velocity-time graph, and what examples are there of this?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
Will an observer be able to see a light emitting source, if both of them are moving away from each other at half the speed of light?
At which frequency interference will be high at low or high?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
What is the value of critical angle for a material of refractive index root 2?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
Why aren’t alternators and oscillators the same, even though both generate a frequency?
What happens when an accelerated electron is suddenly brought to rest?
How far below the surface of the Earth does the acceleration due to gravity get reduced to 36%? The radius of the Earth is 6400 km.
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
Why don’t the innermost electrons of atoms interact electromagnetically with the quarks inside the nucleus?
What is matter and what is wave?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
What is Wien’s displacement law?
Why it is difficult to stop a car moving on downhill gradient than a car travelling on plain road with the same speed?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
Why does the value of K not change with the addition of a catalyst if its activation energy changes?
If we attach a long enough rod on the surface of a neutron star rotating with a surface velocity of .24*c, can the tip of the rod exceed the speed of light?
Will the retardation effect on the gravitational potential reproduce the weak field results from general relativity or something else?
The string theory suggests that our universe has "compactified" dimensions. Could objects or forces exist in those dimensions, and could they affect us?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
“Energy is the capacity to do work.” Is this statement totally true? Explain.
Will I be able to solve Irodov after solving BM Sharma Mechanics?
What happens if you have two objects (like stars), that are of the exact same mass, near each other (orbiting)? Will the orbit always stay stable?
Can we transmit energy from one point to another, which are far apart (say Earth and Moon), without any physical connection between them (eg. wire)?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
What is left to be explored in physics?
Which book is good for the JEE Advanced Physics, Resnick Haliday’s Fundamentals of Physics or Sears' and Zemansky's University Physics?
According to Newton's third law, can there be white holes?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
What will happen if two inclined ramp car collided with each other, which car will jump/flip?
Why does carbon become stable after sharing 4 electron?
Can you explain the Hata-Okumura model?
What is the moment of inertia along the diagonal of a rectangle?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
When and how was the current system of measuring time founded/evolved?
How far away from a Grand Unified Theory are we? How does relativity and the Big Bang theory fall short?
Does every particle have a gravitational pull?
Why does the separation between successive equipotential surfaces get wider as the distance from the charges increases?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
What is the relation between the sensitivity of the galvanometer and the angle between the coil and the magnetic field lines?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
If the Earth existed in a universe totally devoid of matter, could it still be rotating if all parts appeared to be at rest relative to each other?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
How could we determine the direction of a lone pair in an atom?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
What is an intuitive way to understand a tensor product?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
When a ball hits a piece of cloth, is Newton’s third law of motion involved?
How do you choose the particle number when applying DMRG to the Bose-Hubbard model?
What are Wave Equation applications?
What would happen if we don't have any measurements to measure time?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
What is an atomic structure in physics?
How does gravity pull us down?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
Why does acceleration of water in a tank increase when we go upward?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
How do I minimize yaw velocity?
Note: use g= 9.80 m/sec2. All forces are net forces. What force is required to accelerate a 3.0-kg object (which is free to move) at 5.0 m/sec2?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
What happens if I put a charged particle on an empty space, and I start to move in relation to the charge? Will I detect a magnetic force/field?
Is there anyone on Quora who can solve my daily problems related to Physics, Chemistry & Mathematics?
Why doesn't the topped up water of a partly emptied ice tray freeze?
Two particles are moving in opposite directions with the same speed of 0.8c. What is their relative speed?
How does light behave differently in different dimensions? Does light behave differently in the third dimension than in the fourth dimension? If so, how?
Why are there 130 chemical elements instead of an infinite number?
What would be the state of the universe if, nucleons were made of electrons and neutrons?
How many neutrons can a cadmium control rod absorb before it becomes unable to absorb additional neutrons?
Does buoyant force act on an object which is lying on the ground? If yes, how can it act on an object which isn't in contact with the fluid on its downward side?
What if physics and its laws never existed?
Why can't two electrons revolve 180° to each other?
Are we all moving in circles?
Which best described the process between fusion of atoms and splitting of atoms?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
What is the dielectric constant of a medium?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
How do I show that, for the adiabatic expansion of an ideal gas, PV^=constant?
Do we have to imagine extra dimensions if we are to understand the relationship between silicone oil droplet experiments and the behavior of electrons?
Why do smooth surfaces have less friction?
How did Newton discover the law of motion?
What else could the "cold spot" be?
What will be the visible changes when a supernova explodes in our Galaxy?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
If electricity is flow of electrons, why is the velocity of flow of current is not the velocity of electrons?
What is the volume expansion coefficient of gas?
What is the unit of permeability?
What is the mechanism of an electron transport in a complex compound?
How do you combine quantum mechanics and relativity in simple terms?
How does a radial system work?
What is a good working model of physics for class 9?
What are the elastic properties of the earth on which the velocity of seismic waves depend?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
If the radius of the earth shrinks by 1.5 percent and the mass remains the same, then what does the value of acceleration due to gravity change by?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
What are some ways to calculate relativistic speed?
What is the direction of electron flow in an electrolytic cell?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What have matrices been used to model in physics?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What happens to acceleration when a body moves upwards?
What are the uses of friction?
Can someone with a physics degree become an F1 engineer?
How do I know that the body is positive charged or negative charged?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
Is it a reality or rumours that “time crystals” are a new state of matter? First of all, what are “time crystals”?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
What is the velocity and pressure in the afterburner of a Blackbird J58 engine?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
How hot/cold would a metal surface orbiting the Earth be due to Solar radiation?
How many newtons does it take to move 1 kg at 1 meter per second?
To find the direction of a magnetic force on a proton, which hand rule must you use?
What is a diffuse surface?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Why is there -1 in the Shockley diode equation? I thought we began deriving this equation in the place where there's no drift.
Why aren't atoms with anti-protons and anti-electrons natural?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
What is the proportional point in elasticity?
What if we had a 3rd direction in the same dimension?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
What do physicists think of the novel Pandora's Keepers?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
What is the physics behind a fidget spinner while spinning?
Does an object's density affect its gravitational pull?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
Light and sound are electromagnetic radiation. Likewise, what is the physical description of smell?
How can I get a fully-funded stipend for an MSc in physics?
How can particle entanglement be observed practically?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
Does time travel "at a different speed" on both extremes of a wormhole?
If we get the work functions of two different unknown metals, can we compare their masses? Like which is heavier among the two?
Is our universe in a time loop?
What is the best career option if you love studying physics and maths?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the difference between matter and radiation?
What is the distance travelled and the displacement of a body when it is moving with a radius of "r" provided that the angular displacement is 90 degrees?
How has the existence of permanent-dipole-induced-dipole interactions been proven?
Is the idea depicted in "Interstellar" real, i.e. traveling through time; if yes, is it due to the curvature of time and space developed by Einstein?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
What is the best light effect in the world?
When an electron attracts a proton and their kinetic energies increase, is the energy coming out of mass?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Is there anything smaller than a Planck length?
What are some orthorhombic examples?
Can theoretical physics prove the existence of God?
How can a helium nuclei form with four positive charges, as the positive charges repel each other?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
If the intensity of a source of light decreases, why does the photoelectric current decrease?
If an indestructible sphere with a radius of 1/2" is placed on Earth's prograde face and accelerated to v=0, relative to outside the Galaxy, what will happen?
What is the effect of velocity and wavelength?
Did special relativity predict the speed of the expansion of the Universe, and did it agree with the observations before June 2016, or after?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
What is density bottle?
Why do we need the ratio of the equivalent core length and air gap diameter?
How is the diffusion coefficient in Fick's law related to temperature and pressure?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
If we remove electrons from each atom or molecule on the earth, can the earth be charged?
Which is more difficult to study theoritical physics or astrophysics?
Can heat be generated from light?
Can we make a solid plasma that can hold a shape? How?
What would be the change in the wavelength range if a source of gravity waves recedes at 0.9c from us? Do gravity waves act in the same way?
Why is the heat transfer coefficient increased when the heat flux is increased, and what is the mechanism inside a tube when the heat flux is increased?
Has there been any hike in IPCL’s energy charge recently?
If a Q charge is placed near centre of cavity of a conducting sphere, then what is the electrical field at any outside point?
Any complicated motion of a rigid body can be separated as the motion of the center of mass and pure rotation about the center of mass. Why is this true?
Why do we use atomic rather than nuclear masses in analyzing most nuclear decay and reaction processes?
Why is every planet approximately spherical?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
If we wanted to travel at the speed of light, our mass would be infinite. Why, then, is a photon’s mass not infinite?
What is the word for the type of metal that is needed to pass through an electromagnetic field for it to produce a current? It’s a technical term.
Why, in certain 3-phase connections, the magnetizing current is sinusoidal but the core flux then becomes nonsinusoidal?
If the moon behaves like an apple, can we behave like an electron or a photon?
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
What is Coriolis force and its significance?
Why doesn't friction act in the same direction?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
If anything has no mass can it go faster than light?
Is the mass of a body a relative term or an inherent property? Does it depend on its velocity, which itself is a relative term?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
What is circuit in physics?
The potential on the midway of a dipole is zero. Is it possible to bring in a charge from infinity without doing any work?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
Is the electron probability density cloud for 1 shell (K shell) the same across all elements?
How can a probe in space accelerate with the gravity of a star/planet/moon without falling into it?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
Why does the 4f orbital of Ce have 1 electron and the Pr have 3?
How can one suppose a particle exists, but it has never been observed? Isn't that just make-believe?
What wavelengths (or frequencies) of photons are more common in the universe?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
Why does the first law of thermodynamics not explain the source of energy?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Do experimental physicist actually use the formulas we learn in physics classes?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
How long does it take for light to travel from one end of the universe to the other? What about just the observable universe?
What are some sites where I can find both equilibrium and nonequilibrium thermodynamics described?
Which process can lead to the demagnetisation of a magnet?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
Why is everything spherical? Not just the planets and stars but also the electrons. Why?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Was Einstein aware of pilot wave theory?
Which is the best college to study for a BSc in Physics/Mathematics in Jaipur?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
The radius of the first orbit of a hydrogen atom is 0.529 A°. What will be the radius of the third orbit of He1+ ion?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
The tension of piano wire is 10N. What would be the tension needed to produce double the frequency?
How much of 5-billion joules serve energy to a city?
To successfully unify gravitational theory and quantum mechanics, which one needs revising?
How do I calculate the acceleration of a ball thrown upwards according to Newton's law?
What makes light accelarate when it enters a medium of lower refractive index?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What does internal resistance mean?
Through what experiments did Max Planck find out about blackbody radiation?
Sound has octaves. Does light?
What is that which keeps changing but yet remains constant?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
What is the difference between acoustic/light waves and induced waves which travel through a material?
Do they ask conceptual questions in the IIT advanced physics paper?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
How can I calculate the volume of a breast from a CT scan?
What is the difference between ionisation energy and ionisation potential?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
What are the mathematics that physicists are familiar with?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum infinite?
What expression can be derived for the maximum height reached when a body is projected vertically upwards?
What happens to pressure with an increase in temperature?
Is there any change in the speed of light travel from rarer to denser mediums, normally?
You're free falling naked at terminal velocity from 1 mile above, what do you do to increase your chances of survival?
Many physicists have said that quantum mechanics makes no sense. What needs to be discovered/understood for quantum mechanics to make sense?
Are the directions of an electric flux and an electric field the same (for the system of charges)?
What distance from an object being examined, do magnifying glasses provide the sharpest view?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
Where can we find large amounts of antimatter in the universe?
Why is the division of two vectors not possible?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
As the universe ages, are the four known interactions constants?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
How does the expansion of a refrigerant occur in a capillary tube?
How can a photon be a "wave particle"? How many periods does the photon have? What is the shape of a photon?
What is the maximum value of the index of the refraction of a material of a prism, which allows the passage of light through it when at a reflective angle?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
Besides photons, do other sub-atomic particles have frequencies?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
In their most advanced states do the differences between mathematics and physics blur so that you cannot tell them apart?
Could Dr. Sourabh Dube tell us about the collaboration of the experimental high energy physics group at the IISER in Pune with CERN?
What would happen and how would it change our lives if the Earth started to spin in the opposite direction?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
Why Universe has 0 gravitational force?
What is the period of a particle that makes 240 revolutions per minute on a circle with a 4 meter diameter?
Is "Einstein Gravity in a Nutshell" by Zee worth buying? What topics does it cover?
Can Richard Muller explain or prove the existence of God by any laws of physics?
Do either Quantum Mechanics or General relativity account for the existence of Inertia?
Should we consider that the old ether theory is somehow correct and it is actually equivalent to the EM field?
What are neutron stars made of?
Why does angular momentum provide stability?
Should I study Physics or Engineering in College (debate style answer)?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
Which branch of physics deals with an atom’s excited state?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
Is it possible to create virtual gravity?
Which are the colleges in Kerala that provide integrated courses in physics?
Can photons use the space-time fabric as a medium?
How does entropy prevent you from balancing a pencil on its tip?
Does entropy increase due to friction?
Is the ratio of matter and antimatter "1"?
If a man weighing 65kg lifts a trunk with a mass of 45kg to the top of a building 10m high in one minute, how do you find the power?
In an atom, are the electrons moving with a constant velocity or are they accelerating?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
According to Newton, each mass attracts every other mass. Why doesn’t the whole mass of the universe join together to form a super lump?
What is illuminated objects?
Why is it so easier to perform interference experiments with a laser than with an ordinary light source?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
Was Richard Feynman aware of pilot wave theory?
If you placed a liquid sphere inside the fastest plane ever built and put the pilot in the sphere, would he still feel what is known as g-force?
Does the rms speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of the molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
What's the basis of physics? How can you prove all of the theories and formulas wrong? What is a slight change that could destroy the whole field of physics?
What is the importance of the movement of inertia in concrete structures?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
What do you mean by magnetic permeability?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
What happens to the energy of light waves whose destructive interference leads to dark fringes in the interference pattern?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
What would happen to the human body if somebody added an extra atom to every atom in the body?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
What is the fastest moving and fully rotating object/contraption that can be easily created?
Which material absorbs and releases heat faster?
Why is it that when an electron is added to a neutral atom and still experiences an attraction to the nucleus, is energy given off?
What will be the weight of an adult at zero gravity?
Why do objects appear close together from a far distance?
What are the different uses of energy from the sea?
How did Plank and Einstein conclude that there must be a quantization of the energy of light?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
What happens to the light in the long run? Does it continue its trajectory or does it fade out?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
If a ball hits a wall at a velocity of 2v and the wall is moving at a velocity of v, what would the velocity of the ball be after collision?
How did Einstein derive E = mc^2?
What are some scientific descriptions or representations or symbols of the nothingness?
What is thermal diffusion?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
Which substance has a coefficient of friction equal to 1?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are all objects in space in motion? If so, why the high velocities?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
What do parallaxes have to do with why most organisms have two eyes?
If antimatter annihilation releases energy, could this energy decay back into matter?
How is the centre of gravity of a satellite or any another body calculated in space conditions?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
Is there any kind of force acting between an electron and a neutron?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
Does time exist in empty space?
In the future, would we be able to convert all masses of an atom into energy?
Where is the gluon fluctuation coming from?
What resulting forces would arise by placing two electromagnets next to each other, 4 inches apart?
Why are electrons called "negative"?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
Are silicone gaskets effective as an airtight material for vacuum chambers?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
If a student fails in physics but passes in all other subjects, can he appear for the compartment exam of physics?
Can the frequency and wavelength of a particular light wave be changed? If so, how, and in what range of values?
Is there a formula to calculate a car's acceleration from wheel torque?
The adjacent p orbitals of allylic carbon are perpendicular to each other, even though resonance occurs between them. Why?
Could the "Cold Spot" really be proof of another dimensions?
How can I know that the length of time is 2 seconds for a simple pendulum?
Why is fibre fineness more important in airjet spinning?
What's the physics behind a spinning pinwheel?
Two 50N weights are attached to a spring scale. What is the reading on the scale if the system is in equilibrium?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
Why does matter exist as it looks like but we know that it’s actually energy?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
Since the Feynman path integrals seem to diverge, why do they work?
What is the way to get into space agencies?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
If one were traveling at the speed of light, theoretically would they be able to run through a brick wall?
What is the dimension of area?
What does it mean for a particle to be massless? Or for that matter, what is mass?
Do mathematical equations in the electric and magnetic field tell us how things behave? Or what is the secret of its behavior in this way?
Does light carry mass according to E=mc2?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
What is the difference between deflection and displacement?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Do each and everything have its own light?
In CCl4 all of the slight negative charges are on the chlorine, ie on the outside of the molecule, so why don't the molecules repel each other?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
What is the average resistance in relation to Newton’s law of motion?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
Why isn’t the unsprung mass of a car considered in the total load transfer calculation?
Is it possible to define a known point in space if everything in the universe is moving? How could any deep space coordinate system be established?
What is the best way to learn advanced physics as a young person such as myself?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Which has the same numerical value both in the Kelvin scale and the Centigrade scale?
How many R.P.M. would the standard V8 engine need to turn to equal the speed of light?
What will happen if a solid football made of tungsten is thrown from space on any big city?
If Hawking radiation consists of photons then how do they escape a black hole? Can they be trapped?
Why does the gravity vary from planet to planet?
If electrons are attracted to protons, then why aren't they in the same place like magnets do? And why do electrons move randomly?
If you fired a bullet in a stable orbit and maintained your position, would it hit you in the back of the head?
What is the oldest light that we can observe in the universe?
What is absolute space?
What will happen if radio waves enter a black hole?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
How did God code the rules on how to behave or how to act into the atoms?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
What would happen if 8 metal-based spheres (half solid spheres and the other hollow) were magnetized and put in an orbit around a magnetic sphere?
How can I easily memorize formulas in physics, chemistry, and math for IITJEE?
would the Alcubierre drive be affected with time dilation if it was near a supermassive black hole?
When an object is being charged by rubbing it, is it becoming an ion by losing its electrons?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
How would the Large Hadron Collider help us discover what dark matter really is?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
How many marks increase in the case of the physics paper in 2017?
If both magnitudes of charges and the distance between them are doubled, then what will Coulomb's force be?
How much energy would be released if the African plate were to instantly crack in half along the equator?
How do particles move on a curved path in liquids and gases during Brownian motion without energy?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
What is the relationship of gravity to the other basic forces of the universe?
How can you determine your weight on Jupiter?
Is there any relation between the number of generalized coordinates and the degrees of freedom in classical mechanics?
How do we know the age of the universe if time is relative according to Einstein?
In the reaction of HCl, if diffused light is used to give heat energy, can we produce the reaction by giving only heat without light?
Could gravity be a force (and only a force) which doesn't need matter, or dark matter, to exist? Can’t we see a force as independent of matter?
If it is proven that there is no match for the speed of light, then why is it said that gravitational waves arrive for any object that is faster than light?
In solar panels, which is converted to electric energy: light or heat?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
Two cubes of the same dimensions, one of them is totally iron and the other is hallow iron, filled with water: what is the buoyancy force on both?
Where should I begin to study math, physics, and chemistry for college?
Where does an electron get energy to revolve? If it gets energy from the universe constantly, why does it run out of energy in Rutherford's model of the atom?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
Could you build an atom-like structure using oppositely charged plasmas?
Is every physicist a mathematician?
Why doesn't the moment of inertia exceed MR²?
Which is the ultimate substance in earth?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
In the Quantum Zeno effect, what does "watching it" or "making observations" entail? How is "watching" or "observing" defined in these experiments?
What is the mass of 1 mole of electrons if one electron weighs 9.1x10^-28 g?
Does the ocean have its own gravity? Is this why the ocean is so compelling?
Is there a physics-based reason why boat racers have to paddle in sync?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Can IR light reach into space?
In what direction would the air resistance applied on a ball be acting when the ball is at its highest position after being thrown vertically upwards?
A point source of 3000 lumens is located at a centre of cube with sides of 2m. What is the flux through one face of the cube?
What is a line spectrum?
What is a monochromatic function?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
What is zero energy, and where does it come from?
What is the direction of the rotation of wires in the Wiedemann effect?
Are watches affected by gravity?
Why does a positively charged body attract another less positively charged body?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Why doesn’t time slow down at a speed much slower than that of light? If it doesn't, then how do we understand time?
How are the charged particles from the sun deflected towards the poles?
How do they obtain the data on the relative abundance of isotopes? For example, how do you know that 75.5% of all chlorine atoms have an MW of 35?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
What happens to the light after traveling very long distance (without being absorbed)? Does it fade away?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
How can I find normal force?
Can you explain the physics of cutting stuff with paper? Seehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLXHLRa37_g
...
In simple terms, why does matter change its state?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
What experiments support the gravitational lensing phenomena predicted by GR?
On which factor does the resolution of a potentiometer mainly depend upon?
What is relativity and time?
What is the status of the experimental search for tachyons?
How do I strengthen my concepts of physics and chemistry?
Which is faster: the speed of light or the energy particle released from an cyclotron?
Is it possible to make a vacuum wire?
Are postulates and assumptions the same?
How can I calculate the theoretical time it would take for a Porsche 911 Turbo S (36,821 lbs.) to go from 0 to 10 mph (0–14.67 ft/s)?
How can I find the acceleration from a velocity time graph?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Does the vector of acceleration influence the vector of velocity? If yes, how? Can I add the vector of accelration to the vector of velocity?
Why do you feel a magnetic force between your hands when you rub them?
What are some examples of fundamental forces?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
Which atoms deviate from going 4s2 then 3d10?
What Physics classes should I take?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Does lateral displacement only occur in a glass slab? If so, then why does it not occur in prism?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
What is the most unstable element?
Do field forces act instantaneously or it is constrained by the cosmic speed limit? Is any information conveyed through the action of field forces?
Is there a shape I can add to the opposing edges of a disc to make it rotate more freely on a central axis in the wind?
How would you suspend 500000 pounds of water in air without support?
Will the Tejas Express train in India have an average speed of 130 kph, or is that a myth?
Which colour of light travels with maximum velocity in a medium?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
From which direction did we come? Which way would one have to look to see cosmic microwave background radiation from the Big Bang?
What is the upward force exerted by the liquid or by the gas on the body?
How do you create ground on a breadboard?
What would the highest possible free fall be?
How do you explain a quantum atomic model to a 5- or 6-year-old?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
Is there a good way to explain to children how gravity is a result of general relativity that does not use gravity to explain it?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
How bright would the night sky be on an Earth-like planet orbiting a Sun-like star central to a very dense globular cluster such as 47-Tucanae?
What is a free rotation of rigid body?
Which is better for me, taking a double major in mathematics and physics or taking intensive courses in physics that will combine a bachelor’s and a master’s?
How do I visualize a proper, curved, space-time continuum for a black hole?
Does the RMS speed of molecules in an ideal gas represent the maximum speed of molecules? If not, what is the maximum speed?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
What happens to the temperature of a gas when it is expanded freely?
A person standing on insulating stool touches a charged insulated conductor. Is the conductor discharged completely?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
How can we calculate the forces acting on a wheel hub and also show the formula for an ATV Baja?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
How can I prepare physics and chemistry?
If Earth suddenly​ stopped rotating, would everything on the surface experience inertia and be thrown outwards?
Can You make a non-thermal plasma into a solid?
Why are physicists smarter than mathematicians? In school, the physicists have an overall average of 98 in all classes while math people have a 75-80.
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Is the Higgs mechanism in accord with energy-mass equivalence?
Are atomic orbitals around orbitals with a similar l?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
Why, when white light passes between two slits, the central light is white and blue fringes form closer to the centre?
What advantages has a physical scientist got in a normal life?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
How did they weigh an atom?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Can I still become a programmer though I failed in physics and chemistry in high school?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Why does resonance not occur in ethanal carbonation?
Why does light always travel in the fastest route possible when travelling in different mediums? What nature of light makes it obey Snell's law?
What would happen if Einstein and Newton met for solving the current mysteries of physics?
If space travel is possible, what type of ship would we need?
How can we exploit our space-time?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
What is a wave function in physics?
Wouldn't PE become arbitrarily large the closer an object gets to Earth?
What is a forced downcast?
What is the difference between mass and matter?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Could a big bang (w/inflation) happen again within our observable universe (say, long after all black holes have evaporated)?
How does a 3D graph of a plane progressive simple harmonic wave look like ?
If photons are stable, then why do virtual particles snap into existence, become annihilated into photons, then snap back to their original particles?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
Can I take two courses i.e. Physics and Maths at a time in UM DAE CBS?
If I fired a shotgun in outer space, would the shots float in space ad infinitum?
How can we say that the total energy of the universe is 0 (zero)?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
What is a pilot wave theory?
What is the function of DNA and life? What’s the difference between dead matter and living matter?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
If the atom of one element can decay into the atom of another element, then why do we say that gold is very rare? Why can't we decay any atom into gold?
How do I become comfortable in classical mechanics? What kinds of problems do I need to solve?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
How is Bohmian Mechanics not a more elegant way of describing quantum mechanics?
If the combined mass of an electron and a positron was approximately 1 MeV/c^2, then would the total energy of their annihilation be equal to (9*10^16) MeV?
Should I take physics I and II or chemistry I and II next semester?
Why do circular sources of light emit light in the form of a cone?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
What is a back wave and obliquity factor?
Is energy finite? How much energy exactly is there in the universe?
Is there any device which includes 6 modes of energy transfers? Hint: The last three modes are conduction, convection, and radiation.
If antibonding orbitals are formed as a result of destructive interference, then how are electrons present in those orbitals?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
How do you bore a hole into a glass without breaking it?
If an electron makes a transition from n=2 to n=1, what will be the wavelength of the emitted radiation?
Why is quantum mechanics hard?
What is the speed of light in vaccum?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
A fish is able to jump vertically out of the water with a speed of 4.59 m/s. What is the speed of the fish as it passes a point 0.53 m above the water?
What is a particle in quantum physics?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What branch of physics makes most money?
What is the cheapest way to obtain constant mechanical energy?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Is it feasible to graduate at age 35 as a physicist in RSA?
What are some of periodic non-sinusoid equations concerning the study in mechanical vibration?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
What created matter and energy?
What's the displacement time graph for a body with an acceleration of 5 m/s and a time interval of 5 seconds?
What are some careers that can be considered by a person interested in physics, mathematics and computer science?
Which is better for UG, physics or chemistry?
What was the physics going behind the Moon landing when the hammering sound was heard in the vastness of space?
How is the design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
Couldn't the unstoppable force be the immovable object?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
What is the importance of Maxwell's equations in physics?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
What is the aim of Young's double slit experiment?
What is the physical significance of the space-time curve?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
If the magnetic poles are moving, how long would they take to swap or reach the current equator? What would the effect of this be?
What is condensed?
Why must an existing arbitrary length or distance (not necessarily on a straight line) be a constructible number related to any existing unit?
Can I qualify for NEET or AIIMS without even studying biology, if I do my best in physics and chemistry?
Are Physics Review Letter articles highly speculative?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the degree of degeneracy?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
Why don't smartphones have EM radiation while they are not being charged? I mean, they wouldn't work if there was no electricity.
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Why do we take time 'ttt' in the equation ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds2=−dt2+dx2+dy2+dz2ds^2=-dt^2+dx^2+dy^2+dz^2?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Does gravity depend on density? If yes, how?
How do I prove interference does not occur in an involute gear?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
How would you make me understand electric potential?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Does compactification of extra dimensions in string theory use the concept of stereographic projection in complex analysis?
Are isotopes heavier than the normal element?
What is the difference between power and potential difference?
How is electromagnetic torque produced?
What are the basic physics of a blackhole?
What is the new approach to teaching introductory physics at MIT called? Has it worked better?
How can I make difficult chapters of physics easier?
Why is applied mathematics and physics so hard?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
What would happen if you steadily rose at one foot per second?
What is the meaning of charge density?
Does a particle (wave) become a particle when something affects it (i.e. Rutherford Scattering)?
What are the scope of atomic physics?
At a molecular level, what is the effect of pressure on the boiling point?
What is the definition​ of nuclear spin?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
What characterisation technique would I use to determine particle shape?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
What is a resonant peak and resonant frequency?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Why does temperature decrease suddenly when ice is added, but increases quickly and then slowly decreases to room temperature?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
What causes Earth’s gravity anomaly? How does global atmospheric pressure contribute to reducing gravity value?
Can a volume of distribution have a volume equal to a true anatomic volume in the body?
What if 2 (or more) black holes come close together?
What is meant by electric flux?
The upper part of my cell phone (receiver, front camera, proximity sensor area) is getting pretty heated up. I’m worried about radiation. Is this heat dangerous?
What is the difference between collapse pressure and burst pressure with a w.r.t. casing?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
If a body's mass depends on time, does an explicit formula exist for the work done by the resultant force over a random curve?
Can the flux lines of a magnetic field be pinched off like a FET gate pinches off electron flow?
How should I give a reality to my theoretical projects on energy conservation?
If all of the atoms in a magnetic material "participated" how much stronger would the magnetic strength be as compared to currently available magnets?
What should we do to get a bachelor’s degree in physics?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you absorb low frequency sound?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
How did we decide that the rest mass of photon is 0?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
How do we walk according to Newton's third law of motion?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
Is there a closed form for the MRB constant?
A particle is projected with a velocity of 5 op cap+3i cap. Initially, op=16 m and p is on the y-axis. How do I find the time taken by the particle to reach O?
Is there a book about physics that is accessible and easy to read for an adult?
As particles and huge entropy are created by the decaying inflaton field, is the information in the present universe also due to the same process?
What is meant by the spring constant, k, of a spring? How would you measure k?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
Is the uncertainty in quantum mechanics uncertainty because we can't measure it perfectly or is there actual uncertainty going on?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
What is a vacuum casting of metal?
If there are nine dimensions, and four are “X”, “Y”, “Z”, and “Time”, what are the other five?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
Is visible light communication possible using normal LED's and what is the distance and speed of communication possible?
In David Bohm’s “Quantum Theory,” he writes this as the Hamiltonian for a particle with angular momentum. Where does the 2r∂∂r2r∂∂r\frac{2}{r}\frac{\partial }{\partial r} term come from?
How can it take more work to increase an object’s speed from 50mph to 60mph than 0-30 if special, or even Galilean, relativity is correct?
Why do some planets in our solar system have more than one moon, yet we only have one?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
What is the rate of change of density?
Is NITK Surathgal College good for one who wants to do an MSc in Physics?
Is the law of conservation of mass true in a nuclear reaction?
Can there be a kind of matter which has negative (repelling) gravitation effect?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
How much energy will be produced when 1 litre of liquid hydrogen is burnt?
What would happen if, in an atom, all its particles are replaced by anti particles?
How will the future generation study the traditional maths and physics?
According to Einstein, if there are two bodies in an isolated system, we cannot tell which of them is moving. Can we tell which of them possesses energy?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
How close are we to significantly reducing the weight of rocket ships?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
How much force does a body, say an apple, exert on the earth?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
When will young women begin pursuing high paying careers such as engineering, physics, etc?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
Can the same side of a cosmological object face its satellite forever? If yes, then how?
Can you shrink an electromagnetic wave?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What is the difference between the energy of an orbit and the energy of an electron?
I am a TV cameraman. How can we interconnect the Doppler effect and color temperature (measured in Kelvin)?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Write the phenomena which are responsible to following converse of matter?
The capacitance of each of 64 identical drops is 5 mf, making a big drop. What is the capacitance of the big drop?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
If energy is neither created not destroyed, why will there be a crisis for energy?
Why does the m-shell contain only 8 electrons for the first 18 elements?
In which state of matter is the kinetic energy of the particles of a substance the greatest?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
If gravity is a force, then how does it get energy to produce acceleration on objects?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
Why does the weight of a body differ from place to place?
Are facts relative?
How many times does the em signal of light transition to zero in one second?
Do earthquakes affect magnetic fields on Earth?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
If mass increases with increasing velocity, does it not violate law of conservation of momentum?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What is the magnitude of an electric field created by a conducting charged disc in an axial position?
How is it possible for both space and matter to come into existence from nothing? Why would that suddenly happen? For what purpose?
What is the formula of intensity?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
If ions are moving fast enough, can they be actively transported without ATP, using just kinetic energy?
Do magnets have infinite energy?
To what extent does the centrifugal force of a neutron star's rotation cancel out it's enormous gravitational force?
What are the differences between stable and unstable equilibrium?
How would you explain the cosmological principle of the surface of last scattering in the simplest way possible?
Are tidal waves considered to be in a simple harmonic motion?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Do our bodies emit light?
Do we change our future an infinite number of times within every million fractions of a second?
What is the atomic structure in physics?
If a body is moving in a circle with a variable velocity then what types of accelerations are possible?
Is time absolute?
What will happen in science if we find a particle faster than the speed of light?
How do eleven dimensions look like and what is their cosmic philosophy?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
How do scientists measure how much matter exists in space?
Is it possible to make a train as fast as light?
How dense is the air with water when it is raining?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
Why are the iron losses assumed to be constant in the Swinburne test?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
Is the uncertainty of quantum mechanics related to the unpredictability of living systems?
Is it possible to strobe a laser?
We can find the mass of the sun in books, but is that really true? How are masses of heavenly bodies measured?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
Why is there a difference of 1 day in a lunar calendar of India and Saudi Arabia, though the time difference is only 2.5 hours?
Why can't matter or information travel faster than 299792458 metres per second?
Does the entanglement between two wave functions (for continuous variables) increase or decrease with an increase in the overlap integral between the two?
What is an explanation of Example 2.6 of Physics NCERT Class 11?
If gravity stopped holding us onto earth, would centrifugal forces cause us to fly off into space?
Do things appear closer to you when traveling at nearly the speed of light towards them?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
How long will the Voyager probes stay intact?
How is it that some materials have mobile electrons and some do not?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
Why is the 3-phase VSI in square wave free from third harmonics?
Why does fusion use mass for energy?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
If a relativistic spacecraft had a strong enough magnetosphere, would the interstellar medium exert a force similar to the air resistance on an aircraft?
Out of a K-positive meson and a K-neutral meson, whose decay is preferred?
Which endothermic process absorbs the greatest amount of energy?
Why do gases of equal volume contain equal number of molecules at same temperature and pressure?
How would it be for a real shapeshifter to turn into another form with different masses and chemicals?
Why will the equipotential surfaces of a point charge be a concentric sphere?
How can I command in physics for AIIMS?
Why is the weight of a person less in a coal mine as compared to the weight of the same person on land?
How is the distance related to time under uniformly accelerated motion such as that of a free fall?
Does the energy spent using a paper fan make you hotter than you were originally?
How can accuracy be found from the given information?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
Which of the configurations is more stable- the one having 5 electrons in d shell or the one having 7 electrons in d shell?
Has anyone thought of multiplying neutrons several times wihtout using a critical mass?
What is force and momentum?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
What are some examples of extensive and intensive properties?
What is the best physical python books?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
How do you measure the RPM of two rotating discs simultaneously?
If a theory of everything turned out to consist of a few mathematical principles, could we then explain every phenomena in the universe with mathematics?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
Is it true that the speed of light is slowing down?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
Where and how could I find data for a research paper on Doppler spectroscopy (the radial-velocity method)?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What website can I study fundamental physics?
What is the basic information required to understand quantum mechanics? Is there a book that teaches it?
Is there drag in space?
How is a flux zero for conducting closed surfaces in a nonuniform electric field?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
Is work done by a force acting on an object when the object is moving with uniform velocity?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
Constructive interferance results in large wave with large energy then why bonding molecular orbitals (MOT) remain at low energy?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
At 50°C, a gas has l ATM of pressure, and 20 dm3 volume. What would its volume at S.T.P. be?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Which B.Sc honours degree is better, biochem or physics?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
If time is simultaneous, could one assume that the physical and the metaphysical realms are actually entangled and can influence each other?
How can I determine angle between two particles after collision?
Why does a frequency not change?
Why do we replace the constant "c" with a single coefficient "lambda" when writing a wave equation?
A cube of side length 1m falls on the ground. What’s the minimum mass it has to have for it to penetrate the earth and come out on the other side?
Why does the air in the combustion chamber of a jet engine having increased pressure not move upstream and spin the front turbines backwards?
Can the flow of a medium bring change in the flow of a wave, for ex., in the case of light?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
Is an IQ of 135 in a quick WAIS test good enough for me to be a physicist? I'm nearly 18 and really really love physics.
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Why is fine structure constant named so?
What is an explanation of the vector form of the law of gravitation using simple words?
Can I enter into ISRO after completing graduation in chemistry and physics?
Can you derive and/or explain e=mc^2 in an easy way please?
When traveling at the speed of light, can we go back to the past?
If magnitudes of charges become double, then what will Coulomb's force be?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
What is the biggest proof for the parallel universe theory in physics?
Why constant is use in physics?
Can we use a mixey without any sounds?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
What is the number of atoms in 0.05g of water(HOH)?
How do atomic structure and radioactive decay relate to one another?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
A photon and Z boson has zero charge, but still has dipole moment. Is it true? If so, how?
Which is the relationship between the mass of an object and the Second Law of Motion?
What if Earth's radius started increasing by one foot per second?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
In a hydrogen atom, the electron makes 6.0×10^15rev/s around the nucleus. What current will be developed in the orbit?
Is the entropy of flat space higher than the same volume of warped space?
Why is it that "the energy of an object is a function of the square of its velocity"?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
I am from West Bengal. Can I pursue a B.Sc. in agriculture if I passed the HSC with physics, chemistry and math?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
Why does it take less force to turn a car around in order to move in the opposite direction, rather than stopping the car and accelerating in the opposite direction?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
Does squaring a sin wave change its frequency?
How large can a cube get before it collapses under its own gravity?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
How difficult is it to convert energy into mass?
Can two charges attract each other if they have the same natural charge?
Does your body contain electron protons like metals?
What does a relative charge do?
Would a nuclear-propelled cartridge fire a projectile that travels anywhere close to the speed of light?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
The refractive index of carbon disulphide and glass are 1.63 and 1.5, which is optically denser?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is coffee related to energy?
Why is the speed of light 300,000 km/s and what caused it to be as it is now?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
At resonance, do objects make oscillations with its natural frequency at higher amplitudes?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
Where can I get physical constants for my page?
What is a conventional current? Why is it called that? How does a conventional current differ from an electron current?
Should I opt for dance or computer science with physics, chemistry and maths in grade 11 if I aim to be in one of the IITs?
What will happen if all of the electrons are removed from an atom? Will it become unstable?
Is nichrome wire present in spring?
What are the most sophisticated and advanced labs you've ever been to?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
What will happen if the time is kept constant?
Is it true that your eyesight depends on lighting rather than the distance from screens?
What is the difference between 1s and 2s orbital?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
Is it possible for Betelgeuse to wobble from its axis upon going supernova? That is, move the 20º needed to target Earth with its gamma rays?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
Why is it called simple "harmonic" motion?
How does energy audit differ from energy management?
Can metal be compressed into a smaller volume, at least doubling its density?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
If spacetime has been in existence since the Big Bang, is it possible that events have been recorded in/on the so-called "fabric" of spacetime?
What is a time tunnel?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Is Soumitra Sengupta one of the greatest physicist producers of India?
Why does internal energy not include energy arising due to gravitational forces?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Why is it that: "The energy of an object is a function of its velocity squared"?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
How much organic chemistry knowledge is required for IPhO?
What areas of mathematics are used in optics?
What is required to keep a body in a circular path?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
How do you explain mass production?
Why do people ask for "unknown facts" all the time?
Why is an electron neutrino given off in electron capture?
How does a rainbow create a cone of colours?
Why does an energy band bend?
Is it possible for a planets ring to have a greater mass than the planet itself?
How do bosons interact between fermions?
What are the units of elastic modulus?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
What is the comparison between an atomic and a molecular spectrum?
How fast is the speed of light in Mercury?
If colors of an object depend on the light reflected, how do crayons, dyes and fabrics get their colors?
What limits how fast humans can run?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
How do I reduce the voltage and current which increased by adding the capacitor bank?
What would happen to gravity if the Earth’s mass and radius decreased by 1%?
Have any theories been formulated regarding time dilation effects on occupants of superluminal craft? Would they be as geometric as subluminal travel?
What is the longest free fall possible on Earth?
Why does a projectile's range increase as the launch height is increased and if everything else is kept constant?
What was the velocity of the wind required in order to make this table fly? The table is 16 lb (7kg) with a flat lifting surface 42″ (1.07) above the floor.
What does Einstein's theory about space say about the stability of the moon’s orbit around the Earth?
If the Earth presumably has a homogeneous density, why would its gravitational force decrease with us on it (Halliday's Fundamentals of Physics)?
Can a top quark/top antiquark pair be produced from the decay of a gluon?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
If an electron is brought toward another electron, what will the electric potential energy of the system be?
How can we tell for sure that the spins of entangled electrons are set randomly when measured and not when they were entangled?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
Will a spacecraft get to an inert point further away quicker than a shorter distance due to acceleration and subsequent deceleration?
Why is Richard Feynman a well known physicist?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
How do I cover the physics O-level syllabus as quickly as possible?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Would the graph go through the origin if I graphed the launch height against the range of a projectile? Why or why not?
If we sit in a firmly closed room, the mass of the air below us isn't too much, but why does the pressure remain the same?
How fast would a space ship have to be going for the effects of relativity to be noticeable when the crew returned?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
What is a speed droop and why is it needed?
If you had any highly radioactive metal that was made into a coil and was passed through a magnetic field, would it produce a current?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
What is damping of the system?
Can kinetic energy be siphoned from a particle at its zero point energy?
Can we consider that the speed of Light is not constant but rather it's fluctuating around "c" velocity?
Is photon truly a photon only in vacuum?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If the resultant of two forces acting on a point is F, then what is the angle between the two forces?
Should I take Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and EPQ, or Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and Economics at the A-level to get admitted to top US universities?
Which websites will help us study physics?
Why does Surface plasmon resonance occur only with p-polarized light and not with s-polarized light?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean, and how is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Is there a way to counter “The Particle Style” other than the Kamui?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
Is information non-physical?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Which subject are you good at, chemistry or physics?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
Quantum mechanics states that anything can have wave characteristics. What is the shortest possible wavelength of anything?
From where does the charge to an electron comes from?
Would jumping in a spinning space habitat cause somebody to float off?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
What are the mistakes that can be made while finding the maximum dry density and field density in a road where the MDD is lower than the field density?
What is the actual physical meaning of entropy, thermodynamically, except that it is a measure of randomness? Why does it have units of kJ/K?
A laser light can be sharply focused due to which property?
How can the law of acceleration be explained?
How do I understand mercury energy diagram with mercury vapor lamp spectrum?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
Why do long straight molecules have bigger temporary dipoles?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
What are mel-frequency cepstral coefficients?
What are the dimensional formulas for work, pressure, and energy?
What liquid absorbs more heat from the air?
What is renormalization in particle physics?
What are some of the most interesting things we see in quantum physics?
Does the rain change the charge of particles?
At what mass does an organism have a 50% chance of surviving a fall at terminal velocity?
Does a wave always have the same amplitude as it travels through a medium?
Where do we interface with the "leading edge of time", as Richard Muller puts it? How does spacetime affect the atoms in our bodies?
What are cosmic string wedges and how do they create wormholes?
What is one second time?
If Fat Man or Little Boy were dropped on Earth’s moon, would they have the same destructive power as they had when dropped on The Rising Sun in 1945?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
What are some experiences or advice on studying A-level physics and maths as an adult?
Could gravity be a phenomenon of the nuclear force inherent between atoms of all the compressed material that makes up the Earth?
Do we not know about the universe because it has different laws of physics?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
Why do we see smoke after every burnout? Why not any other state of matter?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could we use a comet to travel to another solar system?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
What's the essence of smell?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
Could it be possible to produce an unstable aluminum isotope fueled fission reactor?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
Can we consider dual nature of light as a paradox?
What should I go for after 12th standard to become a theoretical physicist?
How do people know that sound travels faster in water than through the air?
Is it possible to create an environment with Martian gravity (0.38 g) on Earth?
How do the forces of an object in uniform circular motion within a larger circular motion path (e.g. the moon around sun) change? How can it be calculated?
If time moves backwards, does it necessarily mean that everything moves in reverse? Can't time move backwards while we all keep moving forward?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
If two trains travelling at 284km/h ran into each other, how long would I have to break open the window and jump out?
Who is Jack Fraser's favorite physicist?
Would Richard Muller give me permission to translate Physics for Future Presidents to the Dari language?
Which branch of physics deals with answering these types of questions: "how is light energy produced by an atom”, “how is heat energy produced"?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
Which is the beSt website for physics objectives?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
Is there any non-physical thing that can be considered infrastructure?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
How much mass would the Earth have to gain in order to make the gravity exactly 10?
What does Δa/Δt=0 mean?
When a wave is reflected and makes a standing wave, how do we express this wave in an equation?
What are the coefficients of friction?
What's the procedure to take biology in the class 12 board if I was a student of physics, chemistry, and maths?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
If we had a time machine that could get us to any year, would we know how to set the coordinates of space where the Earth was or where it will be?
Is there no 'speed limit' in the mathematical or physics undergraduate education?
Is the fact that my earphones will always tangle but never untangle as time passes an example of Entropy?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
What if you steadily dropped in altitude at one foot per second?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Is syntropy a topic that is still relevant and studied in physics or biology?
If electrons are attracted towards the nucleus, why are they still revolving rather than attracting?
Are biology, physics, and chemistry tough to study or are they easy?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
What makes a satellite revolve about an imaginary axis?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What makes a neutron laser work and how do they function?
Is the physical or the statistical method more successful in earthquake forecasting?
Is a vector a more abstract object than a tensor?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
Is it possible to contribute to physics by working at home without ever stepping into the lab, except for proving the idea?
What is time period?
Does uselessness actually exist, if every single particle that can ever exist is useful in at least one way, even if its just for one thing only?
Why can't we find the exact position of a spinning electron? What are some other examples of things we can't predict by calculus?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What would happen if two astronauts are left in space? Will they come close to each other or will they be at some distance to each other and keep floating?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
What are some materials with refractive index n~~2 for microwaves and radio waves? Is there a good source of refractive index data for these wavelengths?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
What types of compression are there in music production and what do each of them do?
Is there any kind of force like strong nuclear force which would bind two electrons together?
What are some characteristics of the different types of atoms?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
Can EM waves get trapped in subwavelength shapes made from dielectric if total internal reflection prevents their escape? Or would they pass through?
What is the effect of deviation and refractive index?
Can a steady object have acceleration?
How can a black hole have infinite density and a finite mass since more density means more weight?
What are the real life applications of actor models? Are there any mathematical applications or physics in any other area.
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
Can you know the wave's probabilities of a particle, before you measure it?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
If water had zero friction hypothetically, and the swimmer pushes the water backward, why would water not be able to exert a force on the swimmer going forward?
On the TV series Space: 1999, the Moon was blasted out of Earth's orbit. How big would the explosion have to be, and would it destroy the Moon?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
How can one dimension exist?
What are some of the most profound statements in statistical mechanics?
What is the probable rank in the PUBDET needed to get admission into Physics and Chemistry in 2017?
How is pressure related to the phase change of a substance?
How do particle physicists visualize or imagine photons?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Given that we describe space as existing in (at least) 3 dimensions, is it plausible that time has more than one dimension?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
How do I ask my girlfriend for physical relations?
In an alternating current, do electrons move through the live wire to the appliance and then alternate the current through the neutral wire in 1 cycle?
What is the resultant force if 5 forces act on a point Q?
Is there a way, however advanced, to stop Hawking radiation particles from annihilating each other upon produce?
Light is an electromagnetic wave. Can an antenna catch light?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
Does quantum mechanics tells us everything about energy or is there any other concept which tells it?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
What is the definition and explanation of the Sommerfeld Theory?
How could gravity happen?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
What are good beginner papers are recommended to study gravitational waves?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How many electrons are in the L shell of CH4?
Is it possible to be in two places at the same time?
How can you relate "law of conservation of mass" and "law of conservation of energy"?
How does thrust work in space? There is no friction, so does that mean there can always be an increase in speed or does it cap out?
Is it really true that time dilation is dependent on the force of gravity (in addition to the speed of motion)?
Did people really convert mass to energy completely in practical?
What is the fundamental difference between magnetism and gravity?
Is momentum conserved in a non-isolated system?
If you threw an open umbrella off the Empire State Building, would it just float down harmlessly?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
A coin and a feather are dropped in a vaccum. Which one will reach the ground first? Why?
If the universe is expanding, what is its granularity? If atomic and subatomic distances are invariant, what is the cutoff scale?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
How can I get the highest marks in the physics exams?
Is acceleration the slope of a speed-time graph? If so, then what about a velocity-time graph?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
Under what circumstances can the mean velocity profile of turbulent flow in a pipe be considered uniform?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
Can there be a reversible constant pressure or constant volume processes?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
The velocity of a particle at an instant is 10m/s and after 5 seconds the velocity of the particle is 20m/s. What is the velocity 3 seconds before?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
How did scientists find out that the waves in the water are controlled by the moon?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
Is it easier to pull an object or push it on a levelled plain where friction exists?
How can we visualize the fourth dimension?
Do electronic cars emit radio waves?
What type of energy a does a gravitational wave (GW) carry? Can a GW reflect, refract, and transmit (as GW meets matter)? Or mass is mostly transparent to GW?
We can travel roughly 80 light years in a human lifetime. But will we ever map the universe computationally, negating the need to actually travel?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What are beats in the interference of sound waves?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
What is the magnetic moment of an octant?
How would I find the equivalent resistance between terminals A and D in this circuit using the loop law or KVL?
Why do physicists assume that living systems function in a steady state when rapid internal and external fluctuations would seem to preclude this?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
Is every kind of field a distortion of spacetime?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
How are physics equations actually derived?
If I was in a spaceship moving faster than the speed of light and flew into a black hole, would I see the singularity?
What is the dimension of the temperature coefficient of resistance?
How is resistance related to hardness?
What type of prize do people receive for next-to-useless theorems like that of Cauchy?
Which is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Einstein said 'Time is not absolute'. What does that mean?
On which things does gravity depend on?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Which is the best book to learn about calculus which is required to start learning quantum mechanics?
Is there any wave associated with an electron moving in a hard dense metal?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
Why do electrons move as a wave around the nucleus in the Bohr model of the atom? Does a matter wave even exist?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Should I study Physics at university if I got a C in my high school final Math exam?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
What is the thing that makes light luminous?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
Are there non mathematical entities in the universe?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
When solving a physics problem, does Richard Muller think in pictures?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
Where can I do an M.Sc. in physics or mathematics?
What is the principle in physics that was so groundbreaking that its author used a novel method to prove priority?
Is it possible to increase frequency of a vibrating object a trillion times?
How is gravity generated?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
How would physics look like if we never discovered math?
If blue light was not scattered due to Rayleigh scattering, what color would the trees be?
Why is Saturn's density less than water?
What is actually meant by 'positive charge movement'?
Regarding turbomachinery, if I know the inlet (almost radial) airflow and outlet (axial), how can I get the velocity triangles and simple blade geometry?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What do you mean by density?
Is it possible to make sound waves to propagate in a 2D plane alone (sort of like a laser does it with light)?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the work done on a body that has been displaced through a distance of 15m on the application of a force of 15n?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
Two bodies of masses m and 3m are vertically thrown upward with the same velocity. On coming back to earth, will they have the same velocity or zero velocity?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
How are transistor voltages ultimately translated into computer instructions?
Why E●=E/k? (in electrostatics)
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
Is surface tension really caused by the net inward force or is it just due to the tangential attractive force caused by the neighbouring molecules?
Can a wormhole be created under Earth's gravity? If yes, then will the space-time laws be the same?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
Why is a complete circuit needed for a current to flow?
Why can atoms be broken down chemically?
How do I calculate the damping factor of a conical spring? What are the methods?
Why are conservative forces conservative?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Is momentum related to gravity?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
What is a spinning tool?
What is the "adminiom" (not sure about the name) or the permanent magnet used in a free energy generator? Is a free energy generator real or just a lie?
Is it possible to build a photonic battery?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Why is the gear ratio always bigger than 1 while the speed ratio is always less than one?
Why aren't the centripetal and centrifugal force part of the fundamental forces of nature?
What are the physics streams available for a B.Tech in India?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How difficult is it to switch from a major in physics to mechanical engineering at TAMU?
Why there is no phase of change in the rarer medium?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
What is a time period in waves?
What actually is virtual displacement?
Does red or blue light supply more energy to a solar cell? Why?
Which branch of physics deals with the energy inside atoms?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Why are Australians attracted sexually to each other?
Can you jump straight into the sun?
Was Albert Einstein working on anything before he died?
What is the best book on calculus that teaches us the calculus required to understand quantum mechanics?
What are some examples of quantum algorithms being run on dWave and the like? What are their state transitions?
What is the reason for zero resistivity and diamagnetism of a superconductor?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What was the exact physical problem or defect of Chitraveerya and Vichitraveerya in Mahabharata?
Will the time dilation at the speed of light move us into the past or future?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Won't the development of humans be very fast when all of us study Quantum physics instead of arts and fashion designing?
What would happen if a volume of air travelled faster than the speed of sound?
What are problems associated with angular acceleration?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Can increasing pressure give a non-linear enthalpy response?
What is the definition of sinking physically?
What is the stipend given for an integrated physics course through JEST?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
In what situations are energy and mass interchangeable or does it matter?
If a neutron is a cause of strong nuclear forces, then why does a hydrogen atom become unstable when two neutrons are added to protium?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What do we have to take after 12th to become a quantum mechanics scientist?
Is there a fundamental difference in the biomechanics of cycling on the flat and cycling uphill?
Approximately what is the number of atoms in one virus?
If any two rods are charged by induction and we then put a wooden piece between the two rods, what will the effect on the charge flow be?
How does it feel to do MSC physics from university of Hyderabad?
What is the theory of the 11 dimensions?
How do I explain the difference between a tungsten lamp spectrum, a mercury vapor lamp spectrum and an LED lamp spectrum from my phone?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
Why do we maintain a vacuum in a surface condenser?
What is displaced current?
How do I concentrate on my studies, especially physics, chemistry and maths?
What is “entropy” in physics, with an example?
Can a net force be zero?
In the first law of thermodynamics, what do we take pressure to be and why is that so?
Due to the constant reaction of H and He atoms on the sun, can the sun vanish?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
What if there were dimensions such as length, width, height and time bundled in extremely small scales?
Momentum is the product of mass and velocity. How is it possible that a body has no mass but has momentum, as in the case of light?
How do I denote the torque (T) required to rotate a disc when the disc is pushed downward (P) and has an upward spring force (F)?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Is the friction between the molecules in the water for example when they move so fast create a heat?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
What are the effects on gravity of a strong, non-orbiting ring slightly off center in a plane around a spherical planet?
I suck at math or anything with numbers unless it is physics. I want to be a physicist. What do I need to know about math or what is a good start?
Is it possible to learn physics at home at a level similar to a university undergraduate degree? How? With what books?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
How can I make calculus easier to understand?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
What if questions asking "what if I got hit by (massive object) traveling at the speed of light” actually meant light in a medium rather than C?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
How far would a fixed object, according to observer A, be according to a moving observer B?
In simple words, what is the vector form of the law of gravitation?
How do I prepare numericals in physics CBSE 12?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
Should I learn general relativity?
How do the electrons flow in the cathode ray tube without any conducting medium?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
Is there any relationship between Hubble’s law and the theory of relativity?
How are renormalization groups used in theoretical physics?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
If multiverses exist, then what is the "space" between these multiverses made up of?
What is a plane frame and a space frame, with suitable examples that are practically related?
Does mass affect gravity?
How do you derive Lorentz transformations from S2=c2t21−v21t21=c2t22−v22t22S2=c2t12−v12t12=c2t22−v22t22S^2=c^2t_1^{\,2}-v_1^{\,2}t_1^{\,2}=c^2t_2^{\,2}-v_2^{\,2}t_2^{\,2}?
What is the maximum value of absolute vacuum pressure?
Is it possible to isolate H+?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Is there any exceptional case that may have more output than input (considering all external factors)?
Why does the adiabatic process have non-conducting boundaries?
Why does dark energy have negative pressure?
How does energy take any specific shape?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
If time freezes at the edge of a black hole, does that mean that you could live forever if you could overcome the gravity?
Can a quark/antiquark pair (e.g., up quark/up antiquark) be produced from the decay of a photon?
Do you have a favorite cosmic object?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
If we were on the the moon, would our body movements be slowed down?
Does the measure of inertia give the amount to overcome to change its state?
What is a dimension? Could we be sure that there are more than 3 dimensions? Can 1d or 2d objects exist in a 3d world?
Does movement slow down time?
Will acceleration change with time?
If the space-time curves, why doesn't my time change?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
What will be the ratio of the kinetic energy of electrons if the frequency of electrons in the hydrogen orbits are in the ratio 1:8?
How do I calculate the volume of a spheric section if I know the small circle diameter and distance from the apex to the base of the section?
If Hubble's Law states that V=HD, it means for a sufficiently large distance, V > c (speed of light). But how is this possible?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
Was everybody floating in the air before Newton discovered gravity?
What is the radius of a tantalum atom, given that Ta has a BCC, FCC, and HCP crystal fructure density of 16.6 g/cm3?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
How is the internal design pressure of a cylindrical pressure vessel full of water calculated?
How is the formula for the law of inertia applied?
When we say the universe is flat, do we mean the surface or the space of the universe? Also, do we mean the observable or the global universe?
What is the difference between pressure head and height from reference to measure pressure?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
How does a quantum bogosort algorithm work?
What is Maxwell’s wave equation?
Why is gravity considered a force, but its unit is not Newton?
What is the best non-ferrous conductor? Is there a better conductor that can be passed through a magnetic field that produced more than copper?
The centrifugal force of the earth balances the gravitational force of the sun. What is the cause of that centrifugal force?
If you develop a hypothesis then explain an important paradox in physics, whom should you contact to verify it if you are from a poor African country?
If all terms in an equation have the same unit, is it necessary that they have the same dimension?
Why does a crystal oscillator have two resonant frequencies?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
Is Noether's theorem an actual mathematical theorem with 100% certainty?
What is space-time relativity?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
If General relativity explains gravity as the warping of space-time why do physicists still try to unite all forces in one theory and include gravity?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
How do you calculate the uncertainty in positioning of a moving molecule of ammonia having an uncertainty in velocity of 1% of the speed of light?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Does coaxial cable have an upper limit of speed?
Is it against Bernouli's principle to decrease the speed of the plane and lift? Does increasing the area of the wings help to do that?
How can you explain to a child that gravity is a pulling force from the centre of Earth, rather than an outside force pushing objects towards the Earth?
For an ideal gas specific heat at constant volume and pressure of 0.015 cal/g/C and 0.025 cal/g/C, what is the molar mass?
What are the effective ways to release one's pressure?
Which of the following graphs correctly show the speed and the corresponding distance covered by an object moving along a straight line?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Does surface tension, viscosity, pressure depend upon gravity?
Now that I'm working on quantum correlations in continuous variable systems, what does the notion of BITS 0 and 1 represent in such systems?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
How and why will an incident ray definitely be more than the critical angle?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
Are black holes like cosmic whirl pools that break matter down into its finest form, spew out like a solar flare, and then the vacuum pushes it right back in?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Why does the direction of a dipole go from negative to positive?
Can you find the formula of g’(t) without first simplifying, then using the quotient, product, and power rules of logarithms to expand g'(t)?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
Is it correct to say that c is the space-time speed limit because no acceleration source travels faster than c (i.e. electrostatic repulsion)?
On which factors does hydration energy depend?
What is impure spectrum? Give an example.
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
How is the amplitude of a longitudinal wave measured?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
Does geometrical objects have any impact on the speed and efficiency of our mind?
Trying to model temperature on the surface of a metal in contact with air and with an external heat source. What would be my differential equation?
What do you mean by the trace of a function {i.e., Tr (exp(iH)} in quantum field theory?
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
What is the best model of physics for class 10 which a person can make alone?
Do you think that a thought can be represented as a vector in space and that this whole thing can be understood though electromagnetic fields?
How is a photon absorbed by a fermion (electron)?
Why do we use a pressure head in Bernoulli's equation?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
What would happen if you drew a line on a very fast spinning disk?
When will space travel mimic that of a Star Wars movie?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is the work done in moving a test charge q through a distance of 1 cm along the equipotential axis of an electric dipole?
What is the mass of an object which is accelerated 3.00 m/sec22^2 by a force of 125 N?
What state of matter is jelly?
How can I mathematically show the relation between the launch height and the range covered by the projectile?
Can I study computer science in Unizik without writing math in jamb? I wrote chemistry, physics and biology.
What is the best way to convert wind energy to electrical energy?
What are the scope of atomic physics in India?
Is either spherical or cylindrical power dangerous?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
What are the specific heat capacities of water and steam?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
Is there a way to create an uneven flow of heat through an object?
What are the important differences between quantum mechanics and quantum theory?
Why do many constants in physics have term of 4 pi with them?
All objects do not equally oppose change in the state of motion. Why?
How do electrons get excited?
8 billion people live in this world. How can I meet them all?
Do solids also achieve 0 volume (theoretically) at 0 k?
Why is speed inversely proportional to flux? How can we understand this in a practical way?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
Which colour of light has the maximum speed in free space?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How are antiprotons formed?
Is it sufficient to study physics, chemistry and maths with full concentration every day for four hours each in class 10 to score well on boards?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
Is linear momentum always conserved? Are there any exceptions?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is the best strategy to prepare for physics optional?
Why its difficult to explain physics to a common person?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
At absolute zero, do electrons fall into the nucleus?
When a ball is kicked, it comes to rest after sometime. However, no energy can be destroyed. What does the kinetic energy of the ball transform into?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
If we could (hypothetically) build a perfect hollow sphere around the earth, what material would we use? Is anything strong enough?
What are decade and corner frequencies?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Is it possible that Einstein was not the first to come up with the theories of general and special relativity?
What is the physical significance of an infinite series?
Why is an instantaneous speed at an instant equal to the magnitude of an instantaneous velocity at that instance?
Why are reflection, refraction, and diffraction the same?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
What are the best quantum mechanics universities?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
When a ray of light travels from air to glass how does its velocity, wavelength and frequency change?
Electrostatics is said to be the study of Laplace’s equation, so what will the equivalent counterpart be for Magnetostatics?
What would happen if we go perpendicular up to the space?
What type of energy is present in the orbits of electrons?
In quantum numbers, what happens when two substances have a different n (principle quantum no.) but same L (azimuthal quantum no.) value?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
What are the constraints to packing a container ship?
How does resistance vary with diameter?
What will happen if we place one small and one infinitely large positive charges together?
Is your physical condition important to you?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
Does the Coulomb force of attraction work with charges if some matter (like wood) is placed between them?
How can I find the distance traveled by a particle on a velocity-time graph?
How do the skull and CSF affect the power spectral density of EEG signals?
What is air column in physics?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
According to Schrödinger's equation, is the probability of electron inside the nucleus highest?
If you don't like physics but going to the engineering program is the only way to keep peace in your family, what would you do?
The greatest amount of free energy is available at what level?
How is stuff weighed in space?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
What is the cause of a non-stationary interference pattern?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
Is the Navier Stokes adequate to find solutions of compressible super fluid materials?
Why is there a turn before the pressure gauge of a high temperature line?
Why do radioactive rays come out when atoms strike each other in a radioactive material, and why doesn't it happen with other materials?
Why do the opposite poles of magnet bars attract each other?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Is the maximum numbers of electrons that can have principal quantum numbers N=3, and spin quantum number of Ms =-1/2?
What is a fun and awesome physics working model that may impress my friends?
If sound has more velocity in denser mediums then why can't sound pass through glass?
What is gain cross over frequency?
In quantum mechanics, antimatter and matter particles keep popping up to form energy. Can you harvest this energy before the particles disappear?
What if all the wave functions are self normalised?
When an elementary particle approaches the speed of light, does its mass increase due to its increased interaction with the Higgs field?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
Which angle gives the smallest magnetic energy E=-m.b.cos(x)?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
Why do we need infinite energy in order to move an object moving at the speed of light?
For all practical purposes, can it be said that "coldness" exists?
If a charge on 1.6^(-19) C, then how many electrons should pass through a conductor of 1C of charge?
Is dark matter and dark energy the manifestation of engineering at the cosmological scale?
Why is dz2 orbital an exception?
Is the formula of getting back in time practical?
Who are currently the leading personalities in Quantum Field Theory?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Does quantum mechanics prove that time and space are related?
In surface tension, how are repulsive forces between the molecules at the bottom balanced by the attractive forces at the surface?
Do any two different atoms have the same electronegativity?
What is non-uniform motion?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
If a spacecraft was travelling at the speed of light and turned headlights on, would the light emitted be travelling at twice the speed of light?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Why is the number of particles in the universe so small?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
What is the difference between Equipotential and Gaussian surfaces?
What is instantaneous length?
How can one find out the height of an elevated area by measuring the time taken by a body during free fall?
Can an object stay in space at it's physical state absolutely unmoved, unchanged and if so can time really not exist?
Is Maths helpful in physics in class 11 for a medical student?
How do I plot a transmission intensity as a function of wavelength in CST Studio?
Is energy in the electric field in a vacuum ever transferred slower than the speed of light?
Where do waves go when they break?
What are some steady music?
How can I derive the 3rd equation of motion using calculus?
What needs to be said no matter how blunt you sound?
What is the theory of the multiverse? Can you explain with scientific terms, yet make it simple to understand?
Can large objects be moved with harmonics?
How do I possibly increase loudness without clipping?
If T is time period of  particle executing SHM, what is time taken to move distance of half amplitude ?
Does a person need to have a lot of knowledge of physics to sense God like Richard Muller does?
What topic should I choose for my physics investigatory project?
What is the significance of the inverse square law theory?
If every atom in the visible universe was spread out equally, how far apart would they be?
Electrostatic forces are applicable for point and static charges but electrons are continuously revolving around the nucleus. How does it exist in the atom?
Do you think projectile motion is a good Math IA topic?
If physicists are looking for the unified theory of everything, is there also such a theory that ensures your success in business or life in general?
Where can I attend online tests to get certificates in physics?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
What is the direction of electric force?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Does the standard model predicts that time's arrow is determined by the increase in the entropy of the universe?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
What are gravity equal electric forces?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
How does a suspended magnet work?
Can you study for math, physics, chemistry and other subjects in 2 weeks?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
Will using a strong magnet to open a digital safe damage the mechanism?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
Can Quantum level physics be explained using probabilistic patterns of direct causal forces interacting in multi-dimensional space?
Can electricity pass through the flash light of a digital camera?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
How is light travelling through a water bottle photographed/videographed as seen in some videos online?
What are some short project I can do fot class 12 in Physics, Chemistry and C++?
How do solids behave according to Hooke's law?
Given that we receive the heat and light of the sun on the Earth, how come space is cold?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
What is the formula for the law of inertia?
Is the relationship between acceleration and time proportional or inverse?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
Which is the best book for the IIT JEE 2019 physics and mathematics theory parts?
What does this mean "notion of distance on a space and carries with it a certain structure"?
If I sweep a laser beam across the surface of the moon from earth, is it possible for it to travel faster than the speed of light?
What if we could see the spacetime fabric?
Hasn’t quantum mechanics became just an obscure pop science topic rather than a real scientific challenge?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
What is the expression of a magnetic moment?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
What waves are used in sonar?
What is the displacement time graph for velocity greater than 0 and acceleration less than 0?
Can the net information content of the universe be considered conserved because any increase in information is balanced by the same amount of entropy?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
How was the JNUEE M.Sc physics entrance paper in 2017?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
How is gravity produced by objects, at an atomic viewpoint, and why is it produced?
What is applied physics?
Can a particle have the same gravity and move freely on the moon as on the Earth?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
What is the frequency of a body having an angular speed of 1.2 into 10 respond - 3 radians?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
When an alpha particle is accelerated from the rest through a potential of V volts, what is its final kinetic energy?
To what extent is the human body an analogy for fundamental chemical engineering principles like heat and mass transfer? Give examples.
What is the gravitational force between two objects of mass m1 at rest and m2 moving with a relativistic speed of v, as seen by mass m1 and mass m2?
Is a contact angle a property of the 2 interfaces? Read the description, please.
If two objects are dropped one after the other, 1 second apart, will they remain at the same distance from each other during their free fall?
How can we often use a ray diagram, with only a couple of rays, to solve optical problems even when the situation involves an infinite number of rays?
What is the second law of motion?
As we say, light speed is constant. But when we are in motion and two lighning strikes fall simultaneously, then we see one earlier than the other. Why?
How can one explain the ring expansion effect from pyrrole into 3 chloro pyridine?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
If lightning is a very high frequency current of energy, why is it so hot?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In the p subshell of an atom, how does pz=0?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
How long would it take to do pre-med, and double major in neuroscience and physics at UCLA?
The number of electrons increases as the value of principle Quantum number increases, then why do they say that the electron density decreases with the increase of distance?
Is there a way to create a continuously unidirectional induced electric field in a region of space?
If you assume that you leave a stone with a mass of 1g unobserved for 10^10 years, what is the uncertainty in the x dimension of the stone?
Doesn't time travel create a 'conservation of mass' problem?
A balloon is filled with hydrogen, has a volume of 1m³ and a mass of 1kg. What would the volume be of a block of light material that the balloon can lift?
Should I draw mind maps of exercise solving instead of plainly solving exercises to get better grades in physics and maths?
Can a planet surface be only water (so that it looks like a ball of water)?
Are quantum fields energy?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Does the superposition principle in electrical circuits have anything to do with the one in quantum mechanics?
Couldn’t light speed be harnessed and used as a launch pad to exceed the speed of light?
How do electrons move on to the next energy level, is it by light only or by any form of energy?
When a type of slab is put between the parallel plate capacitor, is it true that the electric field inside the plate always decreases?
How do I calculate the time in which an electric dipole becomes parallel to the applied external electric field?
Could polonium 210 artifically produced through particle accelerator?
How does the invariance under translation in time lead to the conservation of energy?
Shouldn't the event horizon of a black hole be spherical rather than circular as shown in the movie "Interstellar"?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
What is meaning of charging current?
If the magnetic field is weak, how is the magnetic force affected?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
Does heat rises from the ground?
What does "design pressure = full of water + 2 inch WC" mean? How is it used to calculate the thickness of a pressure vessel?
How did Expansion start?
Is it the light that produces heat or some other form of waves (greenhouse effects)?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
What would the theoretical effect of time dilation be if the Alcubierre drive were built and used to travel faster than the speed of light?
Is it possible in general relativity that the warping of time is the sole cause of the gravitational field and in itself causes the warping of space?
Are there any similarities between a saw-wave sound and a distorted sound?
Does an atomic explosion affect the earth's magnetic field?
Why does Sn separation energy decrease when the number of neutrons increases?
How do we understand the explicatory stance that quantum physics explains the afterlife?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
How can I do well in NEET? I am confident with biology but can't adore physics and chemistry.
What will "give" me a better life: physics or maths?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What is use of the different types of gauges in physics and what exactly are they?
Which engineering field should I take in Gujarat? I have interest in physics and maths.
Which type of nozzles have high velocity?
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
A particle of charge +2q exerts a force F on a particle of charge -q. What is the force exerted by the particle of charge -q on particle of charge +2q?
Is the logic that 'if time has an infinite past and an infinite future then everything will eventually happen' proof that time will end?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
How does a light beam travel trough vacuum?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
Is it possible that the magnitude of the resultant of two forces of equal magnitude is equal to the magnitude of one of the forces?
Does intensity decrease in TIR and reflection of light?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
What force pulls liquid towards the ground?
Two clocks near a BH are at the same distance. One is in a free fall state and the other stays at a constant distance. Will they measure the time the same?
If we travel faster than light how can we time travel?
What is tensile strength testing?
What are the 8 properties of matter?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
What causes friction between tunica vaginalis and tunica albugina which leads to hydrocele?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
Why is an electron an essential constituent of all matter?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
What is the amount of work done in moving a point charge around a circular arc of radius r at the centre of which another point charge is located?
Can I do a Master's in physics after completing my BTech?
If you levitate a healthy human with sound waves, then place them in a pressurized craft that is also levitated by sound, could they survive extreme G forces?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
What is the significance of the average values of a particular waveform?
Is there an upper limit to everyday physical properties like stiffness, hardness, index of refraction, and tensile strength, etc.?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Hypothetically, if an M1A2 Abrams could shoot straight up (90 degrees), how high could an AP shell reach?
What is your analysis of physics NEET 2017?
Why is Kirchhoff’s loop rule true?
What observations led pythagoras and his followers to conclude that the earth was spherical?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is couple stress in fluid?
Why is dielectric constant for metal infinite? What is the value of their dielectric strength?
What is magnitude in physics?
Do all particles have the same wavelength in the double slit experiment?
Can a pendulum move infinitely inside a vacuum-created chamber without air resistance?
If a body is taken from the equator to the pole, what happens to its mass and weight?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of T=hf/2k then what would be the average energy of vibration in terms of kT?
Why does the friction factor in pipe flow depends on these variables?
If a gas of a certain mass is heated up to the Planck temperature, what will be the outcome?
Is it physically possible to have a continuous live stream whilst travelling to and landing on the moon?
How do I get the deduction when I'm given,velocity of particle at time t is vector v=v (x component+y component+z component)?
To measure the angular size of an object like the moon, how far from my eye would I need to hold a ruler so that the cm or mm are equivalent to deg?
What is the difference between a critical speed and a whirling speed?
If I want my water tank to radiate heat, should I paint it black or white?
How, in quantum physics, do scientists verify whether a property of a particle is determined without observing (interacting with) it?
What should I learn in physics?
Is moist air heavier or lighter than dry?
Which is the best book on quantum mechanics for begginers having no background in calcalus?
What are examples of physics equations?
If you could, how would you convert Hawking radiation to joules?
How much mass would it take to change the gravitational pull of Earth?
What is the total amount of energy by every nuclear explosion since 1945?
Can the speed at which heat moves through a medium be measured?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
A person with some mass is running with the same velocity as a car. Suddenly he enters the car. What is the final speed of the car?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
Why don't we say that at the exact moment when light reflects on a mirror and bounces back it doubles its speed?
What are gravity equal to magnets?
Do off-diagonal terms of the full charge flux density tensor affect the Electromagnetic field?
You have two plates with some charge in them, e.g. (+Q and -Q), and they are placed close to each other. Will they act as a Dipole or a capacitor?
What is the smallest diameter a manufacturer can make a custom-made electromagnet?
In this video, physicist Lawrence Krauss says that the universe is not infinite. I have heard many people on Quora saying it is. Who's right?
A ray incident that is normally on a plane mirror retraces its path on reflection. Why?
Why can a ship float over water, but an iron ball can’t?
Within the decibel scale, what is the absolute quietest amount of sound that could ever be physically possible?
Is space created when matter turns into energy?
Is there a galactic wave, that destroys everything in its path?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How should I be good in physics?
How does one create the most electricity with the least torque?
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
What is the maximum density of hydrogen?
Why is the red blood cell called a cell when it has no nucleus?
Why do sunglasses have zero power even though their surfaces are curved?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
What would a material which is one square foot in area, but only one atom thick look and feel like?
What will the magnetic field of a neutron star do to me if I'm standing on its surface (ignoring the gravity and surface heat of the star)?
“A couple on a body produce both translational and rotational motion in body?” Is this statement correct or wrong?
How deep would a 2 km block of gold sink into the Earth? Would it tunnel down to the mantle?
Is it necessary that there has to be a pi in the numerator of an angular velocity equation?
If there exists nothing in the universe except an object under velocity, is it stationary, as there is nothing to compare it to?
Which is easier at engineering level- maths or physics?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
If then acceleration of a piston is zero, what is angle of a crank from IDC?
Can you relate quantum physics/mechanics to psychology?
What is the reading on a weighing scale when the elevator is accelerating upwards?
If the "temperature of deep space" is about 2.7 degrees Kelvin due to cosmic background radiation, how is it possible to drop colder than that in lab?
How can I prove the parity operator is Hermitian?
It might be a silly question, but what will happen to a body if its atoms’ electrons' energy is soaked?
Where can I learn differentiation and integration from the beginning?
What is the formula for velocity and distance?
What is the structure of an f-orbital?
What is a "baseline" for a parallax measurement?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
What is spin of quantum particles, does it rotate itself?
If change is real but time is an illusion, is there a measurable relative speed of change?
At 50°C, a gas has l ATM of pressure, and 20 dm3 volume. What would its volume at S.T.P. be?
Why is the speed of light times the speed of light equal to infinity?
Is there a book (material) on general relativity that doesn’t use indices and uses a coordinate free notation instead?
Is the Riemann Zeta function important in physics?
Can cosmic microwave background radiation provide enough energy to move an object?
Momentum is the product of mass and velocity. How is it possible that a body has no mass but has momentum, as in the case of light?
Why does a frequency not change?
What happens when holes and electrons diffuses?
A cube of side length 1m falls on the ground. What’s the minimum mass it has to have for it to penetrate the earth and come out on the other side?
What is the way to get into space agencies?
What is the instantaneous torque of an accelerating frame of reference?
Can we travel out of our galaxy in a lifetime?
Why will the range be equal when both projectiles have complementary angles of projection?
What is the difference between an M.Sc in physics and an M.Sc in physics (hons)?
Since everything in this universe is destructible, shouldn’t there be something indestructible also as per the law of opposites?
Is an IQ of 135 in a quick WAIS test good enough for me to be a physicist? I'm nearly 18 and really really love physics.
Why does an increase in potential difference across a metal increase its resistance?
Does Cedric Villani conduct a course in Mathematical Physics?
Why does magnetism act in only some specific regions around the magnet (indicated by magnetic field lines)?
Why is fine structure constant named so?
Why can’t the Compton effect be explained by wave theory?
What is the scope of BSc in Physics in India?
Can gravity exist in 2 or 1 dimensions? If so, how different would it be from 3D or including the time?
Is wormhole a naturally occurring phenomenon?
How do I prove the Lorentz reciprocal theorem for 2 stokes flows?
Why is GNWL filled faster than PQWL?
What are “magnetic field” and “vibration site” surveys?
When is the mutual inductance between two coils zero?
What if questions asking "what if I got hit by (massive object) traveling at the speed of light” actually meant light in a medium rather than C?
What happens if you decrease the distance between the pinhole camera and the object?
Two balls having same external radius and weight but made of different density materials. How to differentiate without doing any qualitative analysis?
If we could reach the speed of light in a spacecraft, would we be able to travel the observable universe?
Why are some physicists misleading people by saying "before the big bang is nonsense", when mathematical spacetime and causal time are distinct?
Is there any example of negative and positive acceleration?
If a molecule in a solid has a temperature of t=hf/2k, then what would be the average energy of vibration?
If we rolled a ball on a horizontal surface, is it possible that it's rotational motion will end and its translational will remain with it?
How do density variations affect the performance of molded articles?
How can we tell that light travels slower in an optically denser medium?
Is engineering physics or physics a better major for the future?
How do I prepare numericals in physics CBSE 12?
What is the projectile motion of a cliff?
Which is better physics or mathematics?
Is it possible to convert charged particles directly into electricity (like from alpha decay)?
How are AI and Maths related with each other?
Which is the best question bank for physics and chemistry for NEET preparation?
How can an electric current flow in a chemical cell using lemons?
How do the electrons flow in the cathode ray tube without any conducting medium?
What is the meaning of relativity?
Why is the power not halved when the voltage is halved?
If we put APS-C lens on APS-C sensor, will it crop?
If there is no atmosphere on Earth will each day's length increase or decrease?
How should I proceed to learn the Schrodinger equation?
What is the working principle behind a conductivity analyzer?
Do clouds increase aircraft friction drag?
I'm in 12th studying MEC. I want to learn physics and programming. Would it be better to wait for 12th to finish or can I learn it now?
Does mass affect gravity?
Why do atoms have a spherical shape, and do electrons revolve?
If we are living in a three dimensional universe, why are scientists always using two dimensional blanket models to explain the force of gravity?
What is the average resistance in relation to Newton’s law of motion?
How can light be separated into the visible forms of the spectrum?
Can electromagnetic waves be deflected by an electric or a magnetic field?
What is the application of radiation?
Why doesn't the frequency of a sinusoidal wave change at the output of any system, but only at phase and amplitude?
Is there a true vacuum in a nebula gas cloud in space?
How do I prepare for class 11 physics at the NEET level in 2 weeks?
What is the maximum value of absolute vacuum pressure?
Is there a limitation for humans to find EM waves above gamma rays and below radio waves?
How far 2.75mev alpha particles in air and pb210. 82?
Could sound ever theoretically travel faster than light?
Where did matter come from or get created in the universe?
Why do galaxies further away from Earth move away from Earth faster?
What does it mean by expansion of d orbital?
How does the release of an alpha particle by an atom change that atom into a different element?
Isn't it possible that the laws of physics may have changed so much through the course of the universe’s life that we may have a complete false truth about the actual age?
Can the particle fields of the Quantum Field Theory be experimentally proven to exist or is QFT a faith-based science like String Theory?
Why does Infinity concept for professional mathematicians represent the hen that bleaches gold?
Would jumping into a hole through the center of the earth and out the other side, bouncing back and forth, be considered perpetual motion?
How can I calculate the density of polythene?
If an object travels at a speed greater than speed of light, then will it travel back in time or time would stop for the object? Is it possible?
What is the bare minimum of atoms to catch me were I to jump on it and what would they be made of?
Can dense, opaque objects be made more penetrable for EM radiation with vibrations/ultrasound?
Is there a current scientific hypothesis in which there's a possibility that the entire universe could spontaneously combust into complete oblivion?
Can somebody explain me the birthday problem with 23 people in a room and 2 people sharing the same birthday?
Of the potential candidates for the Theory of Everything so far, which is the most viable and testable?
Can determinism refute that we have a degree of freedom (free will) that is temporary in the time dimension?
What is absolute space?
Does movement slow down time?
Why doesn't sun pull space probes, when they leave earth's Gravity?
What is the chance of obtaining an actual understanding of the equivalence between inertial and gravitational masses?
What is the reaction time of a nuclear fission to emit 200mev?
Do quanta particles contain mass?
Why does the quality of life matter?
Has the double slit experiment ever been done in the vacuum of space?
Is it necessary to do something in physics only to be a space scientist in India?
In a sample (dielectricity) there is an air inclusion. Calculate the terminal voltage U, in the case of partial discharge?
would the Alcubierre drive be affected with time dilation if it was near a supermassive black hole?
Does squaring a sin wave change its frequency?
How would you use Faraday's law to explain the flash of this neon lamp?
Does photon follow continuty equation?
An electron is accelerated through a potential difference of 10V, what is the expression of the energy of the electron in joule?
Is there any liquid composite that carries light?
How do particles move on a curved path in liquids and gases during Brownian motion without energy?
How many marks are required for the JMI entrance exam for a BSc Hons in physics?
What undergraduate courses are there in preparation for a PhD in computational science/physics?
Why is the Caesium 133 atom used in atomic clocks?
Can I counter light with more light?
What do we mean by vector?
Does electrons only contributes current in a conductor?
Can chain entanglement/superposition be done with electromagnetic waves/radiation for a quantum radar?
What is the radius of a tantalum atom, given that Ta has a BCC, FCC, and HCP crystal fructure density of 16.6 g/cm3?
Can we prepare photon?
How does a mass spectrograph show the relative abundance of isotopes of an element?
How is the process of sound being produced from the moment a string is picked to the moment the sound comes out of an amplifier?
Are there quantum radars working or feasible with a mix of electromagnetic and mechanical/acoustic waves/radiation?
What is the relationship between Taylor series and Feynman diagrams?
What is the standard leak rate of vinyl gas tubing with barbed tubing insert?
Is there any empty subatomic space in a black hole?
If the magnitudes of two vectors are equal, are their projections onto one another equal too?
What is meant by increasing the potential of a conductor?
What are examples of longitudinal waves?
What is the best book for studying quantum physics from scratch?
What is the trajectory of an object shot towards a planet making an angle with the radial line?
When will a photon die?
Can we convert a mass into electromagnetic signals for transportation?
How are section modules and the moment of inertia helpful when designing a structure?
To maintain chamber pressure constantly, how do you calculate the required mass flow rate?
Is it possible to break someone’s hand with a handshake?
Which is the ultimate substance in earth?
Why is gravity considered a force, but its unit is not Newton?
Would a waterfall make a different noise if it was boiling hot?
What is the significance of wavelength, in layman's terms?
Is coffee related to energy?
What are practical applications of the Venturi effect?
Can IR light reach into space?
What is the dimension of permitivity?
Which reference book is the best for WBJEE and JEE Main (math, physics, and chemistry) preparation?
What is a conventional current? Why is it called that? How does a conventional current differ from an electron current?
Should I opt for dance or computer science with physics, chemistry and maths in grade 11 if I aim to be in one of the IITs?
Can scanning tunneling microscopy actually lift atoms?
Which field of physics combined with computer science to go to do creative stuff like making a flying car and not following old traditions?
In an elevator problem, when the elevator is coming down with some acceleration, do we have to consider g acting on it in the downward direction?
How can the velocity be increased without acceleration?
What is the justification Rutherford gave for electrons not collapsing on to the nucleus while orbiting, in his planetary model?
What is a line spectrum?
Is the digital physics category a science?
Should I read The Feynman Lectures on Physics?
Air bubble of volume V is released from a depth of 'h'of a water tank which grows to 2V at just below the surface. If g = 10ms (-2), what is 'h'?
Would a Discworld (without Turtle and Elephants) be possible in the confines of real universe physics?
If the velocity of sound depends upon frequency, then why it does not change with a change in the medium (i.e. the change in velocity)?
What is the quantity of heat (MJ) required to convert one kg of ice into vapour?
Is it true that your eyesight depends on lighting rather than the distance from screens?
Is it a law that something hot will always radiate?
In the cosmic delayed choice experiment, why do we expect the formation of an interference pattern?
How can you obtain a Newton ring with a bright center?
What does the discovery of gravitational waves mean for a humanity?
How physically strong are you?
What is a perfect explanation of electric potential? I don’t want any bookish definition but a perfect explanation with a practical example.
Which college is best for a research level education in BSc in physics?
Why is the deep meaning of quantum theory not understood ?
Is speed of light always the same in every form?
How does energy audit differ from energy management?
Which is the best book on energetics (physics)?
Why can't voltmeter measure AC voltages with frequency greater than 10 kHz?
Why do I lose a phone signal if I go below the earth’s surface? Why can't satellites reach that few extra feet?
Where can I find the exact position of mirrors, with respect to the tower in heliostat fields like PS10 or Gemasolar? Where can I download Windelsol?
Is a rocket reaction chamber a place of isolated pressure due to the choked condition of fluid in the nozzle throat?
What would happen if electricity is passed through a glass slab?
An object is situated in a freely falling lift. What is the weight in the frame of reference of the lift? Can this be explained with the help of a free body diagram?
If we cannot calculate speed of light, then how can we state it?
What topics do Leonard Susskind’s The Theoretical Minimum and his book Classical Mechanics cover? What's the difference between the two books?
What would happen if the entire universe shrunk to the size of Earth for one Planck time and then reverted back to it's original size?
Can you use kinetic theory to explain why heat transfer is faster when the temperature difference between two objects is large?
Which formula do I use to find the wavelength of the new wavelength formed by two interfering waves?
How can I find normal force?
Why doesn't the vacuum in space suck up the Earth's atmosphere?
Now that I'm working on quantum correlations in continuous variable systems, what does the notion of BITS 0 and 1 represent in such systems?
What are the most important questions / research topics in physics today?
Is there any machine which travels with light speed?
Is there any force discovered that which repels the force of gravity?
What are some interesting properties that distinguish the future from the past?
What is the mechanism of aspirin that reduces the surface tension of water?
What will be something to be created a slip space drive or a light speed engine?
Is it possible to have harmonics without standing waves in a pipe?
Why does the wind blow fast sometimes?
Will a metal spring lose its elastic potential if it is constantly compressed?
How much charged particles per second pass a cubic meter of deep space?
Could robots on the moon get their energy from radon produced by natural decay?
How do you explain mass production?
What are the laws of theory of relativity?
Am I right that there is a question floating around about quantum mechanics working differently in Wales?
What is the prerequisite for learning physics, and how do you study the prerequisites on your own?
How many types of forces are acting on a person at the equator?
How soon can we see security tools using quantum mechanics from IBM?
If a block is sliding on a ramp, does it have friction?
In the far future, would we be able to predict gamma ray bursts?
What is light energy?
Is it possible for a college to allow me to take up a physics major after attaining a degree in maths, given the fact that I did not?
Does the universe have a beginning, or can it be eternal?
Does gravity vary in intensity as you approach the core of Earth?
If a Foucault pendulum is moving with the rotation of the Earth, why does it still work?
How do bosons interact between fermions?
Is it only quantum foam theory that allows for wormholes, or does string theory also do this?
How much force does it take to overcome gravity?
Can a beam of light be made parallel enough that it cannot be seen from points perpendicular to the path of light at a distance?
If we attach a long enough rod on the surface of a neutron star rotating with a surface velocity of .24*c, can the tip of the rod exceed the speed of light?
What does a quantum mechanism explain?
How can I become a software engineer with sharp maths and physics?
If we slow down a photon, will it gain mass?
What can you do with a PhD in physics and marketing experience?
If the speed of sound through nitrogen is 346 m/s and the speed of carbon dioxide is 269 m/s, which molecule has more mass? Why?
Which courses of bachelors should I do if I love physics and computers applications in real life?
When area is decrease at this time pressure and velocity?
Which book should I follow on quantum physics for my graduation?
If colors of an object depend on the light reflected, how do crayons, dyes and fabrics get their colors?
What is the difference between circular motion and gravitation?
A simple pendulum takes 32 seconds to complete 20 oscillations. What is the time period of the pendulum?
What are different methods to find out the density of polymers?
How can DFT be useful if it only provides ground state energy differences (i.e., close to 0K temperatures)?
In a gas transmission system, can you change the flow direction, or do you have separate lines in each direction?
How different is physics in a BSc than 12th standard physics?
What happens when electricity is passed through a glass slab?
What was the velocity of the wind required in order to make this table fly? The table is 16 lb (7kg) with a flat lifting surface 42″ (1.07) above the floor.
Are there have any absolute motionless particles in the universe?
Is it possible for heavenly bodies to exist in the shape of a doughnut? I read somewhere that it might be possible according to the laws of physics.
If a body moves linearly but slants to the x-axis in a Cartesian plane, will it be considered to be in 1D motion?
Is there software that scientists can use that convert electromagnetic waves into sound waves?
If voltage is directly proportional to resistance, then will increasing voltage increase resistance?
What Physics classes should I take?
How is the density of polyurethane determined?
Do we need to consider internal heat generation, while applying the first law of thermodynamics?
Is there any animal that can see light outside the spectrum visible to human beings?
Why are wires designed with circular cross-section?
What is the wave-particle duality of light? Can anyone give the exact model of light following the duality in each case?
Have you ever met a Nobel laureate in physics?
What is the work done in moving a test charge q through a distance of 1 cm along the equipotential axis of an electric dipole?
What state of matter is jelly?
Does movement slow down time (high speeds)?
Do aircraft usually acquire negative or positive static electrical charges in flight?
What is the most unstable element?
What is the moment of inertia along the diagonal of a rectangle?
How fast would a surface vehicle need to move to continually stay in the twilight/dawn/dusk of Mercury?
Would it make sense to heat plasma with radioisotopes or by fission and then extract the energy by a (fusion-inspired) magnetohydrodynamic generator?
A particle moves SHM with amplitude A and period T, what's the max acceleration and max velocity?
How deep do 5 MeV alpha particles penetrate radiogenic lead?
How can we tell for sure that the spins of entangled electrons are set randomly when measured and not when they were entangled?
How are new atoms discovered in labs?
Why does the separation between successive equipotential surfaces get wider as the distance from the charges increases?
How small is an electron compared to a neutron?
In which way exactly does iron loss depend upon current?
What will Capitalism in Space look like in the distant future?
How much heat is dissipated per operation in a classical logic gate?
Which wave has the highest form factor value?
Why can an open system only perform work by changing pressure and not by changing volume?
For a fuse wire, why is the temperature coefficient of resistance greater?
At approximately what rate is the universe expanding at? Is there an expected time for it to slow down?
Why are there neutron stars but no electron or proton stars?
What is the reason for the difference in the specific gravity of monoclinic and rhombic sulphur?
How do magnets produce electricity?
Which books should I follow for CBSE class 11 in chemistry and physics if my concepts are weak?
What determines the nature of the path followed by particle?
How do you explain a quantum atomic model to a 5- or 6-year-old?
How can I tell if I'm travelling close to the speed of light?
We can see objects in the visible light spectrum. Is there any way to look at objects in other rays of different wavelengths?
If gravity is pulling particles down, why do certain objects get pulled to the surface when submerged in certain liquids?
What is the best physics investigatory project for class 12?
If a fluid is in an open channel, how do we determine the dimensions?
Could a VLF radio transmission be used as a "shield" to protect astronauts from high energy particle radiation?
What if we trap light so that it keeps on reflecting and collecting?
In a refraction, why does a refracted ray bend?
Did Newton calculate the earth’s gravity in a void space (as air has a density which can affect gravitational attraction)?
Is non-vacuum needed for the functioning of quantum radar?
Which university is best for doing M.Sc physics if I want to pursue PhD in theoretical physics: JNU, University of Hyderabad, University of Pune?
Is exotic matter excited in our universe?
Can we consider that the speed of Light is not constant but rather it's fluctuating around "c" velocity?
Where does the rotational energy of planets come from?
What would happen if we don't have any measurements to measure time?
How can we calculate the forces acting on a wheel hub and also show the formula for an ATV Baja?
Does each floor of the suite vollard rotate like the proposed project of the rotating tower of Dubai?
Why does the refractive index depend on the temperature?
What is the best material to shine a light through to create a rainbow?
Can an electron in an atom be in a superposition of stationary states?
What is the basis on which the hydrogen spectrum is classified into five series?
Is it advisable to take ECE if I am not good at physics?
How is the lens maker’s formula derived?
If mass is the obstacle to travelling faster than the speed of light, can't we just make a spaceship that is super small so that mass gain is minimal?
Is force directly proportional to direction?
How can I prepare physics and chemistry?
How do I determine disclination charge of a topological defect?
Can anyone share his/her physics IIT JEE notes, and tell me what are the ways by which I can improve my physics?
How is the speed of any object, such as a comet or an asteroid, relative, and to what?
Has any scientist ever tried to hypothesize (experiment) without following our current understanding of physics (example: the tachyon theory)?
If pressure and density are directly proportional, then why do liquids have a constant density, but an increasing pressure as you go deeper?
How can energy from the rotation of the earth be extracted or converted to electricity?
If the diameter of the earth becomes two times it's present value and it's mass remains unchanged, then the weight of an object on the earth become?
What are active forms of energy and what are some examples of active energy?
Does molecular structure change when the vibration of a molecule changes?
What is something that you will do all your life for as long as you physically can?
Why does quantum decoherence happen?
Should I take Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and EPQ, or Maths, Physics, Chemistry, and Economics at the A-level to get admitted to top US universities?
Is the Higgs mechanism in accord with energy-mass equivalence?
What are all of the laws of Phyiscs, explained, and how do I memorize them?
Why, when white light passes between two slits, the central light is white and blue fringes form closer to the centre?
If two children were brought up in the exact same circumstances at exactly the same instants of time, would they have similar personalities?
What is the volume of gas at 0°C?
Why do we land in the same place we jumped, even though the Earth moves?
Why does specific heat change with changes in temperature?
Is there a connection between Indian astrology and quantum entanglement?
Why does a cricket ball not follow a parabolic path?
When a ball is kicked, it comes to rest after sometime. However, no energy can be destroyed. What does the kinetic energy of the ball transform into?
Is information non-physical?
How can we prove mathematically that an electron has a negative charge?
Why is it that only some certain materials can be converted into a magnet?
Why isn't wave energy being more widely adopted?
Are there more maths or physics in the engineering field?
Which is better, a PhD from Raman Research Institute in light and matter physics or an M.Sc from IIST in astronomy and astrophysics?
Why can’t electrical energy be radiated at low frequencies (< 20 kHz)?
Which physics book is the best for class 10th?
If we could (hypothetically) build a perfect hollow sphere around the earth, what material would we use? Is anything strong enough?
Is quantum teleportation always happening when one of the two particles in entanglement breaks the entanglement?
Why are there 130 chemical elements instead of an infinite number?
Is the Huygens principle applicable in a vacuum?
Why are we still unable to harness the gravitational force and time?
If space travel is possible, what type of ship would we need?
How can the law of acceleration be explained?
Can someone give the best explanation for the basic idea of theory of relativity?
How is energy absorbed by an atom? Is there a book/course which explains this whole concept?
How can I account for a carpet when building a scale?
What is rectification and what do half wave and full wave rectification mean?
Why is Ytterbium so physically different than the other lanthinides?
Why is x not always equal to vt in the special relativity equation t′=γ(t−vxc2)t′=γ(t−vxc2)t'=γ(t-\frac{vx}{c^2})?
Can we get a photon charge?
If I have a fully sealed cube container full of water and free from any air, then take out a hole from the side, where is the force of gravity acting?
What is a spherical isolation system?
Which tuition classes are some of the best individual physics classes in Patna (with address)?
Can neutrinos be fusioned with each other in order to build a laser?
Are we all moving in circles?
What is the future for a student who studied the Integrated physics course in IIT Kharagpur?
Is it worth trying to convert a flat-earth believer? Has anyone succeeded?
Why does negative Gibbs free energy mean that the reaction is spontaneous?
Is there any book that can give me a complete knowledge about Einstein's theory of relativity?
A spaceship is moving near the speed of light from the outer solar system. How would an earth observer experience its flight? How would time pass for both?
Are cyclic quadrilaterals scalar?
Is time travel impossible towards the past according to special relativity?
How does one study physics to solve problems?
How are the early scientists able to measure the precise precession of Mercury's orbit in a unit as fine as 43 arc seconds per century?
What are the career opportunities after an undergraduate from physics, chemistry and math?
Does a wave always have the same amplitude as it travels through a medium?
How do I convert permittivity to permeability?
What happens if air/empty space somehow lost its electromagnetic wave transmitting capability?
If we join two equipotential points in a circuit with wire, why doesn't current flow through the wire?
What is one second time?
Why doesn’t magnetic field induction depend upon cos theta?
Does the Coulomb force of attraction work with charges if some matter (like wood) is placed between them?
How can I find the distance traveled by a particle on a velocity-time graph?
In simple terms what is the electron cloud in physics?
How do the skull and CSF affect the power spectral density of EEG signals?
What do you mean by matter being sub judice in law?
How did Newton discover the law of motion?
If entropy is a measure of disorder, does sedimentation and decantation violate the 2nd law of thermodyanamics?
The cryoscopic constant of camphor is 6.4 k. What does it mean?
What are a few improvements for viscous friction (damping)?
How come neutron stars are made only from neutrons, without any other subatomic particles?
Does the momentum of an electron increase or decrease as the value of 'n' (principle quantum number) increases?
What would happen if every photon in the universe dissapeared now?
If there is 2% of error in measuring the volume of a cube, then what will be the percent of error in measuring the sides of a cube?
According to Schrödinger's equation, is the probability of electron inside the nucleus highest?
What is the unit of permeability?
Does light bend when it goes through glass?
What is the function of DNA and life? What’s the difference between dead matter and living matter?
Why is a reversible transfer of heat used in changing the entropy of a system?
Why are internal energy and enthalpy represented by E and H?
How is stuff weighed in space?
What are the laws of general and special theory of relativity for Einstein?
How does a radial system work?
Is the Navier Stokes adequate to find solutions of compressible super fluid materials?
How do you combine quantum mechanics and relativity in simple terms?
What is 4D in physics in the easy way of class 11?
What is a good working model of physics for class 9?
Why does a static charge show only in an electric field?
Are we taller when lying down horizontally? If so, why?
Why does sound travels faster in a denser medium but the velocity of sound is inversely proportional to the square root of the density of the medium?
How much work does it take to lift an object weighing 78.6 pounds straight up four feet?
What quantum theory interpretation does Viktor T. Toth consider to be in accord with reality?
What exactly is exotic matter, and does it exist?
What happens when wind blows at higher level?
Can Bernoulli’s equation be applied to blood?
If a giant Titan dude ate the Earth, how would it taste?
Could Maxwell’s Demon be a reference to the gnostic Demiurge?
As the recent event of two galaxies colliding, does this create the stellar strings which can be used to actually make time travel possible?
What are some ways to calculate relativistic speed?
What is “electronic specific heat”?
Up to which frequency ranges can EM waves be pressed through dense obstacles?
What if all the wave functions are self normalised?
Which books should one read in high school to get a deep knowledge of cosmology?
What is the Department of Physics in IITs all about?
What kind of jobs can I get after doing an MSc in Physics, government specially?
When the exhaust gases exert reaction force on the rocket, what fundamental force is it?
Does Bohmian mechanics make the same predictions as quantum mechanics?
What are the possible option of start up for a Physics Major?
What are some ideas for an engineering project over the summer?
What are the uses of friction?
Which angle gives the smallest magnetic energy E=-m.b.cos(x)?
Do electrons revolve around themselves?
What is the difference between compliance and elasticity?
What should I go for after 12th standard to become a theoretical physicist?
Is the universe mathematical or did we mathematize it?
What will happen to me if I travel with speed of light?
If dimension, current, magnetic field, and voltage are given, then how do you find the Hall effect coefficient?
How do I know that the body is positive charged or negative charged?
Which unit of measurement did Newton use in his work?
If two objects appear suddenly in space a light year apart, is their gravitational attraction instant or does it take some time to "connect"?
How I can design the electrical and control circuits between electrical doors and an air curtain?
What will be the percentage error in the measurement of kinetic energy be if the error in the measurement of mass is 12%?
Why can't energy be destroyed nor created?
Are there scientific theories that provide explanations on how electrons were formed? Likewise, quarks and other elementary particles?
Does quantum mechanics prove that time and space are related?
What is the velocity and pressure in the afterburner of a Blackbird J58 engine?
How do electrons really rotate around nucleus?
Which field of physics should I go into in order to study magnetic levitation?
When pouring bleach in a bucket of water and a small amount of displaced liquid jumps out, is the liquid that comes out the bleach or the water?
What are some of periodic non-sinusoid equations concerning the study in mechanical vibration?
What would happen to a proton if it moves at great velocity (in a circular orbit)?
What are gluons? What are bosons?
Would a neutron star appear red, due to its light being red shifted?
What is non-uniform motion?
Is it true that almost every gas giant in the universe contains in its center a smaller rocky planet like, for example, Earth?
Do self-winding watches work in free fall?
Do gases usually have specific weights? Explain.
Why is it not possible that light is simply particles that move in a wave-like pattern, instead of saying they're both waves and particles?
If a spacecraft was travelling at the speed of light and turned headlights on, would the light emitted be travelling at twice the speed of light?
When was the Higgs boson detected?
Does quantum mechanics deal with energy transformation inside atoms?
Are there any limitations for the great theory of relativity?
Which is better for UG, physics or chemistry?
At 7:00am a completely dark room is lit by opening a window facing the west. How is this possible yet light travels in a straight line?
How do I calculate the max gradient of a vehicle that has 1800N traction force?
What is the equivalent mass of NH4CL?
Why is a wave equation a negative sign?
How much weight will a cylinder with an inside radius of 50 mm and a height of 100 mm lift if completely filled with air and placed in water?
Does the cosmic microwave background radiation affect DNA or quantum foam and broken symmetry?
How can we find the maximum speed in which the relativity theory is neglegible?
Why is there a limit to how fast we can go, in physics?
How useful is the harmonic mean?
Does an object's density affect its gravitational pull?
What are the Nuclear Physics PG courses for which students of B.Tech Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering are eligible?
Is energy in the electric field in a vacuum ever transferred slower than the speed of light?
Why do some drivers lean forward when they accelerate?
How can I prepare for international physics Olympiad in 6 months?
What are some interesting topics for my class 11 physics project?
What are the coefficients of friction?
When was the modern day conception of beauty or physical attraction established?
What are some steady music?
Has anyone tried using an inverter on your own to light your house, being an electronics student?
If we get the work functions of two different unknown metals, can we compare their masses? Like which is heavier among the two?
The specific density of gold is 19'3. If a crown made of pure gold, weighs 8 N in air, its weight in water will be?
What is momentum and its formula and solutions?
What needs to be said no matter how blunt you sound?
What happens when the distance between two bodies is doubled, keeping their masses constant?
Why are there so many questions about the dangers/or advantages of travelling from one place to another?
Is there no 'speed limit' in the mathematical or physics undergraduate education?
Is time slower near the surface of Earth?
How does a particle tunnel?
What is the network density? If the graph is connected, is the network density equal to 1?
So we know gravity has an effect on time, but what about all the other forces in the universe? What about electromagnetism? Does it affect time?
Are biology, physics, and chemistry tough to study or are they easy?
How many GPM should pass through a 50 ton water chiller?
Why does stellar core collapse happen catastrophically, as opposed to gradually as the star expands its fusible matter?
What is the best light effect in the world?
How is refraction of light so uniform?
What does a redshift in cosmology mean?
Where should I go for my 6 months MSc physics project?
How can atoms of diamagnetic material acquire induced magnetic dipole moment in the direction opposite to an applied magnetic field?
Can a body move with uniform acceleration in a circular path?
What is the normalization of wave function? What are some examples?
What is our actual mass? I am 57 kg and I know that this is the product of my actual mass and the gravity. I got 5.82 kg. Please enlighten me.
Where can I attend online tests to get certificates in physics?
How much force does a 1.75kg solid cylinder moving through water create?
Why does the dielectric constant of a solid increase due to a Frenkel defect?
How are energy and momentum related to gravitational force?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
In 10 minutes, 10 micro coulomb of charge flow through a conductor. What is the current flowing through it?
Can theoretical physics prove the existence of God?
At which frequency ranges can magnetic fields (mf´s) be formed to directed beams comparable to lasers?
How can a helium nuclei form with four positive charges, as the positive charges repel each other?
Does tension act if blocks are connected with rod?
Though light travels through two different mediums by changing its velocity, why does it change its direction?
What is an example of a system whose wavefunction would be of mixed parity?
What are some short tricks that are used to get answers in modern physics, especially in BITSAT, instead of doing long calculations?
As a charge in a transmission line is not stationary, then on what basis can we consider its capacitance?
Why do speed affects time in space?
Is a person who relies on Science to explain phenomena essentially different from a person relying on religion to explain phenomena?
What are gravity equal electric forces?
What about UIUC's condensed matter physics makes it number one on the US News rankings?
What is the gravitational field created by object with negative mass?
How do I visualize atoms?
What would a frictionless surface feel like?
Isn't the speed of darkness more than the speed of light?
Why is photo thermal deflection important?
Why does velocity cause distance (time) to contract?
How much math or chemistry or physics do health professionals use in clinical work?
Would launching a floating object and letting it hover over the rotating Earth as a means of transportation be more efficient than planes or ships?
How does a suspended magnet work?
Is water wave a kind of transverse waves?
If time isn't constant shouldn't our units of measuring time be invalid?
Which is the best field of physics?
What are the basic physics of a blackhole?
Thermonuclear reactions in the sun lead to the production of gamma rays, but no gamma rays reach our atmosphere. How?
What happens when you are in a container travelling close to the speed of light?
What are the 2 'forces'Oscargt's in Oscargt's Razorblade theory? (see picture)
What happens if we collide antimatter with a black hole?
How come only one out of two virtual particles falls into the black hole, and the other escapes through the event horizon?
Since earth is not a proper sphere, if you make two tunnels from the surface to the center of the earth & drop two balls, which would reach first?
How do I solve this string constraint problem?
Why do canal rays depend upon the metal used as an electrode?
Did aristarchus claim that the sun was at the center of the universe or the then known universe?
Is there any kind of force like strong nuclear force which would bind two electrons together?
What are some characteristics of the different types of atoms?
Why there is distance between particles in a dipole?
If time "moves faster" in space, are our current measurements of how long it would take to reach other planetary bodies invalid?
What are some tools used to measure mass?
Does audience gives more energy?
What is the meaning of charge density?
Is it true that mathematicians and physicists like to eat planets?
Can EM waves get trapped in subwavelength shapes made from dielectric if total internal reflection prevents their escape? Or would they pass through?
Why do we use atomic rather than nuclear masses in analyzing most nuclear decay and reaction processes?
How do solids behave according to Hooke's law?
What is the relationship between a standard candle, the expanding Universe, dark energy, spacetime bending, and the nature of the photon?
What is the equation for the energy of a regular, non-quantum wave?
Which property of sound is responsible for the rarefaction of air? Is it amplitude or frequency?
How much Coulomb charge present in 1g ion of N^3-?
How would you describe the universe?
When did the concept of tensor first arise?
A free proton doesn't undergo decay. Is it because it violates the law of conservation of momentum and energy?
In which cases can we not apply POAC? (the principle of atom conservation)
How can I work in the aerospace industry after getting a bachelor's degree in physics and astrophysics?
How many times is the mass of neutrons greater than that of electrons?
How do I free download Simplified Physics 9th Class by Dinesh & co.?
How do particles know what to do? Should not there be something like a "field" that informs particles about what they are, how to interact, etc.?
Why does a photon lose energy when it is deflected?
What is a lower spin and a higher spin complex?
If the force of 20N makes an angle of 120 degrees with the ground, then what would the x-component be?
What is the formula of Isaac Newton's third law of motion?
What is the ratio of the strength of the strong nuclear force to that of the electromagnetic force?
Can we compare the velocity of the particles of a sine wave SHM (as it doesn't follow the energy conservation principal of a regular SHM)?
Why can dimensional analysis be only used for product type equations?
What is the speed of light in germanium?
Can a B.Com graduate become a pilot without maths and physics as a subject in India or abroad?
What causes Earth’s gravity anomaly? How does global atmospheric pressure contribute to reducing gravity value?
Can you explain in a best and easiest way to understand the behaviour of space, time and gravity in and around a black hole?
What is circuit in physics?
What is meant by electric flux?
Does a scissor lift decrease the force needed to lift an object? What factors come into play and how do they affect the final force that is needed?
What types of jobs could one get with a Master's degree in chemical Physics?
How can we use the density functional theory to find the properties of phonons, and what is the DFTP used for?
An atom with an atomic number of 16 makes an ion with negative 2 charge. How many electrons does this ion have? Explain how you came to your answer?
Are acoustic waves mechanical waves?
In the equation F=ma, do we take the mass of the object on which the force is being exerted or the mass of the object which is exerting the force?
Is civil engineering mathematics and physics heavy?
Does pressure have a quantum mechanical origin?
How is cloud formation in the atmosphere an example of an adiabatic process?
Will the force acting on a wheel (whose center is not fixed) away from the center cause both translatory and rotatory motion?
Why signs (+,-) denote direction in physics?
How can a probe in space accelerate with the gravity of a star/planet/moon without falling into it?
A beam current in a TV tube is 1.9mA. The beam cross-section is circular with a radius of 0.5mm. How many electrons strike the screen per second?
Have scientists ever instantaneously “teleported” any bit of matter from one spatial location to another?
What is the mass and charge of gamma radiation?
How do I levitate the projectile in a railgun (just like a coilgun does) while a current is being passed through it?
How can one suppose a particle exists, but it has never been observed? Isn't that just make-believe?
Could sub atomic particles be made up of photons in different energy states?
How magnetisation is an extensive property?
What is the mechanical advantage of a chain pulley, and how does it work?
Could the Big Bang be just a popping into existence of particles but never out, according to quantum mechanics?
What is the mechanism of gravity sensor in electronics?
Is the displacement current related to the motion of the charge flow?
In The Flash, why does Barry seem to slow down when he runs along with the world around him?  Shouldn't he move normally and only the world should seem slower?
What is the relation between the causal fermionic systems and string theory?
When light passes through material does it create a sound?
What is the basic understanding of energy band digram in solids?
Does quantum mechanics tells us everything about energy or is there any other concept which tells it?
What is applied physics?
What is the mass of an object that can accelerate at 5 m/s when acted on by a 30N force?
Could dark matter be the result of the missing antimatter?
What should we do to get a bachelor’s degree in physics?
How do I find electromagnetic fields (E and B)?
On what basis can we say that the two light waves will reach the midpoint at the same moment in the platform example of simultaneity?
Recent Zealand earthquake lifted sea floor 2 m, how could you say whether this belongs to max. few mm connected with Earth's global expansion?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be superimposed for a quantum radar?
How do you absorb low frequency sound?
How do you measure the energy of a wave?
Why does the curvature of space time in gravity not only warp the trajectory of an object, but also moves it? Shouldn't the object still be pushed to move?
Did Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar really understand the theory of relativity?
Is gravitational force weaker than other forces?
In his musical studies, did Pythagoras (or his school) consider weight (thickness & material) of a vibrating string as well as its length and tension?
How do atoms and ions compare and contrast?
Can we select our own specialisation in physics like msc astrophysics while doing msc physics in IIT?
Is angular momentum conserved in a nuclear fusion reaction?
Is it possible to be in two places at the same time?
How can you charge a metal sphere negatively without touching it?
Why is Earth's magnetic field important?
What is the theory of reverse gravity?
Which are the best reference books for class 11 CBSE science (physics, chemistry and biology)?
What is the dimension of rate of change of momentum?
When an alpha particle is accelerated from the rest through a potential of V volts, what is its final kinetic energy?
If differentiation is the rate of change and integration is the area under the curve, how are they used to represent the electromagnetism physics?
How do I find the total distance traveled from acceleration using a time graph?
What is really the functionality of Fermi dirac distribution function in semiconductors?
Which is the best college to study for a BSc in Physics/Mathematics in Jaipur?
How do I increase the specific gravity of milk?
How can I build up on my passion of astronomy and particle physics while doing my undergrad and apply to MIT for Transfer/Graduate in physics?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
What is a conjugate in terms of physics instead of just mathematical representation?
Does a software implementation of the quantum PageRank algorithm exist?
How can I calculate the center of pressure of a human being based on his/her feet pressure profile?
How much of 5-billion joules serve energy to a city?
Why is the magnetic field inversely proportional to the radius of the current carrying coil?
Which branch of physics deals with energy transformation (except thermodynamics)?
How do we know that the universe is 13.8 billion years old? Is there any proof?
How would you construct a Faraday Cage for the home to block all radio frequency signals?
What is the speed of particles at nodes in stationary waves?
How would it look and feel if a 10km+ asteroid was about to directly hit you?
At what minimum distance above the geographical north pole does an observer have to be to see the equator?
In a free space, if we have 3 observers, 1 is at rest, 2 is moving (constant velocity), and 3 is accelerating with respect to a charge, then what will the charges produce?
What properties specifically causes some metals to be magnetic and why don't the other ones have it?
How do I become great at maths and physics in high school?
Which branch of physics deals with production of energy inside atoms?
In David Bohm’s “Quantum Theory,” he writes this as the Hamiltonian for a particle with angular momentum. Where does the 2r∂∂r2r∂∂r\frac{2}{r}\frac{\partial }{\partial r} term come from?
How can I get the highest marks in the physics exams?
Are velocity and pressure directly proportional to each other?
What's the minimum amount of mass an object can have?
Was the experiment for checking extra dimensions done at LHC? If yes, then what are the results?
Is a deterministic model of quantum mechanics not compatible with relativity or is specifically bohmean mechanics not compatible with relativity?
When the displacement is the maximum in SHM, what is the minimum?
Under what circumstances can the mean velocity profile of turbulent flow in a pipe be considered uniform?
Can any constant (V, P, T) be raised by infinity? What’s the answer?
What will happen when suddenly gravitational force is replaced by electric force?
Say two spaceships in a perfect vacuum approached one another at 99% the speed of light. Will their cumulative perspective speed equal 198%?
Do they ask conceptual questions in the IIT advanced physics paper?
How does the content in biology differ for a person who does a BSc in bio and physics from a person who does a BSc only in biology?
The velocity of a particle at an instant is 10m/s and after 5 seconds the velocity of the particle is 20m/s. What is the velocity 3 seconds before?
Is the story of 'Kakabhusandhi' in confirmity with the relativity theory of time dilation?
How can I calculate the volume of a breast from a CT scan?
What are the good universities in Europe to study PhD in condensed matter physics?
Are there other dimensions where non-typical life can occur?
What happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable force?
Are quantum fields energy?
Why are the Compton wavelengths more than the de Broglie?
Why is Schrödinger's cat experiment weird? Isn't anything in the macro world in a state of superposition until observed?
Can electrons be measures as individuals or clouds?
A disk rolls down without slipping on a rough inclined plane. Which direction friction present?
How can energy be transfered into matter?
What are beats in the interference of sound waves?
What is the magnitude of physical quantity?
How does this system move with Newton's third law of motion in mind?
Why does a positive charge reside on the surface of a conductor?
Is reading physics books enough to gain the technical knowledge required for building a rocket?
How do I calculate the time in which an electric dipole becomes parallel to the applied external electric field?
What is the difference between the 'distortion' of space and the 'curvature' of spacetime?
Can light travel through our body? If yes or no, then why?
What is meaning of charging current?
What is the dimensional formula of resistivity and thermal conductivity?
Which is the most basic book available on quantum mechanics?
What actually is Facebook's Flow? What does it help with?
Does heat rises from the ground?
What is the level of alpha waves when doing math?
How did Expansion start?
What is the tuition for math and physics for 12th CBSE in Rajkot (not coaching)?
Is there any force inside a vaccum?
Do stars emit all types of wavelengths, if so why?
Would Schrödinger's cat still be in superposition, like alive and dead, if no one opened the box for 100 years?
Why does Sn separation energy decrease when the number of neutrons increases?
How is the M.Sc physics curriculum at ICT Mumbai?
Is the experiment with having oil sitting on a vibrating a water bowl an accurate explanation of quntum physics?
Can you infinitely reflect a laser, with 2 mirrors?
How fast can an object of ordinary matter rotate until it bursts?
Why is the dipole moment of CO2 zero?
Who discovered magnetic quantum number?
What makes the existence of a wormhole?
Why is the equation for the 1st law of thermodynamics different for physics and chemistry?
Is it scientifically legitimate to use bar(a) or bara and bar(g) or barg to denote absolute and gauge pressures?
Does solar flare radiation interfere with the rate of uranium decay, affecting radiometric dating of fossils?
Which is a better option and which is tougher: BSc maths or BSc physics?
How does MOT describes resonance?
Why does an object fall with uniform acceleration and not with uniform velocity?
How is resistance related to hardness?
How is the world if everything goes on the basis of the law of conservation of energy?
If for a photon time does not pass, can we say that light has infinite velocity?
What are the wavelengths and electron volts of the "extremely" highly energetic gamma rays (photons) which reach the earth from unknown origins?
How does the expansion of a refrigerant occur in a capillary tube?
What is amazing about physics?
How is attenuation related with wavelength?
Can you shrink an electromagnetic wave?
If the atmosphere moves with the earth at 1000mph with Earth's spin, why doesn't a plane travelling at 900mph, travel at 1900mph or -100mph?
Why will we, if we travel near the speed of light, arrive in the future?
How much is the weight of anything at zero gravity? Is it zero or something?
Why do people continually make arguments based on how many rotations around the Sun the Earth has made since a certain point in history?
If the human body or other solid materials are made of atoms, then why don't they look empty from the outside?
Will the electric field line between the points (at shortest distance) on two oppositely charged conductors (that need not be identical) be a straight line?
Can a rocket interact with itself from itself and propel itself without interacting with its surroundings?
What are some tips to improve physics for NEET?
Chemically, how much energy is planet Earth worth?
How to measure earth’s gravitational field ?
Does intensity decrease in TIR and reflection of light?
What is so important about the formula E= mc^2?
Is time physical? Can you touch time, (space-time too, whatever you want to call it)? What is time, not the human time, but relativity time?
Was Einstein the first to propose the photon theory of light?
Why should a mile long chunk of thorium get hot by its decay when a meter long cube does not?
At what speed does air friction cause the temperature to rise dramatically?
How much physics should someone know to understand Black holes and Big Bang? When no "layman" explanation seems to make the picture clear?
Can a proton become an electron or produce one through a breakdown?
Two clocks near a BH are at the same distance. One is in a free fall state and the other stays at a constant distance. Will they measure the time the same?
Is there any wave associated with an electron moving in a hard dense metal?
Would the Kelvin electrostatic generator work in space with solar wind particles?
Does photons move in projectile motion in a gravitational field?
What are the 8 properties of matter?
What is the difference between 'beyond radius of curvature' and 'infinity' in spherical mirrors?
How high is the employment percentage of physicists in India?
What sets the rate at which humans perceive time passing and why does time seem to slow down at some periods of peak stress e.g. during an accident?
What is the ratio of proton to neutron in radioactive material?
Is the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle just a cop-out so physicists don't have to back up their theory with experiment?
What is the scope of a B.Sc physics?
Two identical objects A and B move around separate circles of identical dimensions. What is the ratio of centripetal force on A to B?
How do I calculate capacity of multilayer dielectric?
What is the procedure for teaching physics in foreign countries?
Density of any material is inherent or it can be altered?
Has anyone performed the Quantum Suicide thought experiment and actually lived to tell the tale?
Why is an electron an essential constituent of all matter?
Does lower elasticity makes a rubber band stretch more under a constant force and why? How does temperature effect elasticity?
Can Richard Muller explain or prove the existence of God by any laws of physics?
What are the physics behind the statement, "If a metal pin were to be heated to the temperature of the Sun, nobody in an x distance of the pin would survive"?
Is there a maximum decibel possible (not just on earth) because sound is a difference in pressure? What about a maximum density?
Is there any metal whose electrical conductivity increases with increase in temperature? Why?
What makes the atoms of one element in a solid to "stick" to its neighboring atoms?
If a ball is thrown vertically upwards with velocity u, what is the velocity with which it falls to the earth?
In a rigid body rotational motion, how do I calculate the length, radius of a physical pendulum?
What are other good books besides the secret to attract abundace and raise your vibrational frequency?
Is it theoretically possible to have a solid material made up of basic particles like electrons?
In the pilot wave theory, what do the particles actually do?
If gravity is a force, then how does it get energy to produce acceleration on objects?
I like physics and math. I also think that helping people is cool. What kind of doctor uses the most physics?
What is energy actually? And why do we call everything in the universe as basically energy?
What are neutron stars made of?
How many times does the em signal of light transition to zero in one second?
Is there an overall geometry to space-time?
Is the rate of rotation of a particle related to its mass or surface area?
What is the amount of work done in moving a point charge around a circular arc of radius r at the centre of which another point charge is located?
Can I omit physics in calculations of the best of four subjects if I am pursuing a B.Sc in chemistry?
If the ionisation energy of a hydrogen atom is 1312kj/mol, how do you calculate the energy needed to ionize a hydrogen atom when an electron is present in the 2nd exited state?
How can friction be used as an energy?
Is the radiation or waves emitted by brain has enough energy to move objects?
How does the angle of minimum deviation change when the wavelength of the incident ray is reduced?
What are some similar dimension quantities?
In the shuttling ball experiment, to which side will the ball in the field move first?
What happens to surface tension when a solution is heated?
How does generation of radiowaves and microwaves differ from that of lightwaves? (Answer according to the NCRT textbook please.)
Which branch of physics deals with an atom’s excited state?
In which cases acceleration is positive?
Why is the dust in the air only visible to humans under certain lighting?
Why is an alpha particle source kept in a lead box?
The bearing of point A to point B is 207 degree. What is the bearing from B to A?
What are some good books about physics and science for a starter?
What would happen if you reverse the direction of the Earth's gravity?
What is the pressure when the boiling point of water is at room temperature? What is the formula used to calculate this and how do I use it?
Is a reversible adiabatic process called an isentropic process?
Why doesn't money follow the laws of physics?
How is gravitational force/field explained in terms of magnetic and electrical forces?
What is energy? How could we prove the existence of such a thing? Who was the first person to introduce such a concept in physics?
What is magnitude in physics?
Why does the amplitude is the highest when it is in natural frequency?
If a body is taken from the equator to the pole, what happens to its mass and weight?
Does entropy increase due to friction?
How can I understand the pendulum movement?
Can this DIY method be used for quantum time travel? (See the details.)
What is the atomic structure in physics?
Does E=mc2E=mc2E=mc^2 go well with the quote "we are the universe trying to figure itself out"?
The kinetic energy of a particle varies with time as (3t+4). How does the force vary with time?
What will happen in science if we find a particle faster than the speed of light?
How do eleven dimensions look like and what is their cosmic philosophy?
What is the dimensional formula of the ratio of the volume of a cube of edge 'a' to the volume of a sphere of radius 'a'?
How should I improve my concepts of SHM and Waves from a base level?
What are possible theoretical applications of what we know from the Venturi effect?
What is illuminated objects?
Is it physically possible to have a continuous live stream whilst travelling to and landing on the moon?
Can an ideal gas in a closed system be taken from any initial state to any final state, purely by completely reversible processes?
In space, how is potential energy released into the surroundings? The surroundings being the rocket, the gas it released, and space?
Why are doctorates in a scientific discipline paid less than managers (project managers and team leaders)?
How do scientists measure how much matter exists in space?
With regards to light waves, what does dimming the brightness for a monitor or phone do?
Where can I learn +1 physics and chemistry?
If a particle can travel more than the speed of light, without acceleration, can the particle travel in the past?
How strong is the explosion from a typical gamma ray burst? What kind of destruction would the explosion alone do in our solar system?
If you placed a liquid sphere inside the fastest plane ever built and put the pilot in the sphere, would he still feel what is known as g-force?
Is there exists a neutron accelerator? If not can we make one?
What is coherence emission?
Is the earth heavier or lighter now than when it was created?
If we launch satellites where Gravity is least on Earth. Wudn't it cost lesser?
The force acting on a charge 2 muC is 1 m. What is the intensity of the electric field at the point that the charge is kept?
How is it that the smaller a black hole is, the more radiation it emits?
According to Newton's first law of motion, why doesn't the world stop spinning even though it has gravity?
How do I download simplified physics class 9th by Dinesh & Co. for free?
How does gravitational time dilation affect us in space and on earth?
Eddington's observations proved how gravity affected space, what was the early evidence that proved gravity affected time?
Why is no force experienced by the conductor in a magnetic field, with respect to the flow of current when placed in parallel?
What are the properties of helium?
Is there a connection between the concepts of Indian astrology and the concept of quantum entanglement?
What should I learn in physics?
In “Ant-Man”, if Scott becomes small by decreasing the space in between the atoms of his body, then how does he go subatomic if the atoms are of the same size?
Can you explain the ERG theory, Vroom's expectancy theory, and equity theory?
Could a spacecraft achieve artificial gravity by blending a hyper-dense material into the floor?
What force synchronizes atoms of single massive object that generates gravity?
How much mass would it take to change the gravitational pull of Earth?
What will happen if someone proves quantum physics wrong? I know it will never happen, but what if it did?
Does de Broglie says that everything has at least a bit of particle and wave nature both at the same time?
Is momentum related to gravity?
What is a spinning tool?
What's the difference between identical photons from simulated emission and entangled photons?
What is the significance of Debye length in the context of plasma?
Does the speed of light change when it travels normally from one medium to another?
Why does the potential barrier of a diode decrease when it is forward biased?
Does light have mass, and if yes, then how does it travel at the speed of light?
Do all questions have correct answers?
How are metallic conductor electrons in a random thermal motion?
How can I become a Physics online tutor basically dealing with problem solving?
Can adiabatic demagnetization be used to liquefy gases, in particular nitrogen gas?
What are gravity equal to magnets?
Do off-diagonal terms of the full charge flux density tensor affect the Electromagnetic field?
What is a time period in waves?
What is meant by degree of freedom in gas?
Does red or blue light supply more energy to a solar cell? Why?
Which branch of physics deals with the energy inside atoms?
Why is the 3-phase VSI in square wave free from third harmonics?
If the radius of earth becomes n times its present value without change in mass, then what does the duration of the day become?
Can you jump straight into the sun?
A car sounding its horn at 480Hz moves towards a high wall at a speed of 20m/s, if the speed of sound is 340m/s, the frequency of reflected sound?
What is physical standard?
What are the different uses of energy from the sea?
Where can I find the most complete digital free list of superconductors, along with their critical temperatures, magnetic fields, and currents?
A ray incident that is normally on a plane mirror retraces its path on reflection. Why?
What are the job opportunities after doing a master's in physics, and what is the salary?
Are photons and neutrinos born from the same source simultaneously?
Is there a galactic wave, that destroys everything in its path?
What will happen at the atomic level if we put a radioactive atom in a cell?
Would a publication in astrophysics (not first author) in any way help my grad school application for theoretical physics?
What are vibrations that occur in progression? Are they totally symmetric modes?
At what fraction of the speed of light should a mass be moving to increase its mass significantly?
How can I command in physics for AIIMS?
What is the minimum mass to create a gravitational field? Why don't humans create a gravitational field around themselves acting on other objects?
How does the multiverse theory work? I'm confused.
How is the distance related to time under uniformly accelerated motion such as that of a free fall?
How does one create the most electricity with the least torque?
If the Earth has a molten iron core how come it contributes to a magnetic field? The Curie point means there should be none.
Two identical thermal bags with identical meals inside, one at 122°F and the other at 50°F. Which meal will reach the room temperature of 86°F first?
Long electromagnetic wavelengths have a lower resolution than shorter ones. Does this also apply in the EM near field?
If electrostatic means charges are stationary, then why do electrons move in electrostatics?
What happens at the atomic (elementary) level during the production of magnetism?
What is the unit of specific heat capacity?
What is the intensity of light on the moon?
Is New Horizons traveling faster than the Voyagers? If so, when will it outdistance them?
If one could travel at the speed of light or faster via a time warp, what might you see when looking out the window of your spaceship?
What is the tension in a spring being pulled by two equal forces of 10N?
Are there any new ideas about how gravity actually works?
How susceptible is quantum radar for vibrations?
Which coaching is best for preparation of physics and chemistry for NEET in Muzaffarpur (especially in Bhagwanpur area if possible)?
If antimatter annihilation releases energy, could this energy decay back into matter?
The universe is expanding faster than the speed of light, so if we could tether a ball to a planet a long way away, would the ball exceed light speed?
Can we say that an electron transfer occurs easily in a molecule if the energy gap between the HOMO and the LUMO of the molecule is small?
Is it possible to prove that there is a finite number of dimensions?
Can EM radiation in the form of Bessel beams more easily go through matter than Gaussian beams?
What is the difference between wavelength and amplitude?
If the human eye can only see 1 arc minute, how is it possible to see ISS fly by when it is only 40 arc seconds?
In the future, would we be able to convert all masses of an atom into energy?
What is the difference between the solid angle and beam-half opening angle?
What are some examples of extensive and intensive properties?
If a neutron is a cause of strong nuclear forces, then why does a hydrogen atom become unstable when two neutrons are added to protium?
Can electromagnetic and ultrasound waves/radiation be mixed/superimposed for a quantum radar?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the relationship between the magnetic vector potential and momentum per unit charge?
A body is moving along a circular path of radius R. How do I find the ratio of the distance and the displacement for 3.5 revolutions?
What happens if an excited electron remains for a long time?
If then acceleration of a piston is zero, what is angle of a crank from IDC?
Are silicone gaskets effective as an airtight material for vacuum chambers?
What kind of a profile do I need for undergraduate study in physics at TU Munich?
Which state of matter is the flame itself?
What are the types of the interaction of charged particles with mater?
What is the best marketable research ideas/topics in physics?
Is there a formula to calculate a car's acceleration from wheel torque?
Is it mandatory for an electronics engineer to understand every concept of engineering physics thoroughly?
What type of radiation decreases the amount of neutrons by 1 and increases the number of protons by 1?
What is the formula for velocity and distance?
What is displaced current?
Why does Stoke's law apply to objects in a laminar flow?
What does it mean to regulate redundant degrees of freedom in a Lagrangian in a Gauge Theory?
A particle is thrown vertically upward with a velocity of 40-metres-per-second from the ground. When it will reach the ground?
Can a net force be zero?
How do I compute the product of resistance and capacitance of a spherical capacitor from a given permittivity and specific resistance?
Why is fibre fineness more important in airjet spinning?
If gravity basically means acceleration, does antigravity mean deceleration?
The density of a neutron star is equal to the density of a nucleus. Can the nucleus be compressed further, because black holes are denser than neutron stars?
Is a stun gun that creates an incapacitating wave projection with nearly the range of a shotgun theoretically possible?
