Who replaces the Vice President?
Why is there a lack of Anarcho-Capitalism or Libertarian Capitalism in India?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Suppose you are elected as a Mayor of Dhaka City. What works will you do first to change the city?
In their final hours, the last two humans are reflecting, what would they say to each other?
What is wrong in being a nationalist?
Does communism take away your freedom?
How would you responded to a Kanye West presidency, if he actually wins in the 2020 elections?
Why do people use the words democratic socialism to mean social democracy? Are they synonyms or are they different things?
What happens if a vote of 'no confidence' is passed against a minister?
How odd is the chance for a Muslim Malay politician to be elected as the next Singapore PM or President?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
When did the right wing become so enamored of cruelty?
What would you give up if you had to, the right to vote or social media?
What is worse: religious (non-political) terrorism, or political (non-religious) terrorism?
Is the criteria of “adult” based on brain development, culture or politics?
What will happen if youths step into politics?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
Is the Kashmir problem a political one or an ideological one?
Why were governments formed?
Don't conservatives realize that liberals are not going away? Will not stop voting? Will not lose interest in the American process?
Who is the present president of the USA?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Is paying attention to politics a waste of time?
Could the U.K. turn into a federal monarchy, given its current situation in politics?
Is Trump pressing people to believe everything he has done is correct?
Should private land and banks be illegal? If so, why?
Why are climate change activists adamant about acceptance of their theory?
What would you do if Milo Yiannopoulos was staying in your home for three weeks?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
What is your expectation of Sri Lanka in the next 15 years politically, economically and socially?
How would the world react if Trump was reelected?
Which ideology do you think will dominate the world in the distant future of mankind? Leftist, Rightist, or Centrist?
What will happen if India becomes a Communist state?
What will happen, if in an election 40% of people selected NOTA out of the 65% voting?
What does “binding vote” mean?
Is every democracy a failure or it is so in specific countries?
Will a libertarian ever become president?
Why are radical feminists called liberals when they don't like freedom of speech?
Nepal’s Prime Minister, Pushpa Kamal Dahal, resigned today. What will be the next series of events?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
Who are more diplomatic & shrewd: businessmen or politicians?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
Why are political parties fearing after hearing the news that Rajinikanth is going to enter politics?
What do you think of NPO's like Make a difference? Are they really helpful in restructuring our country?
What have to be done to make the Vietnamese politics more interesting?
Who could be the next opposing PM against Narendra Modi?
What are the flaws of anarchism?
What do Kerala people want/expect from their political party/leader?
Can an artist become a politician?
Why did Portugal become a republic if almost all the people were pro-monarchy?
What do you mean by dirty jobs in politics?
Will all the politicians in India join once together?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
Is it true that internal politics at older media outlets like the New York Times are a bigger barrier to progress than coming up with a new direction?
Are there leaks in the Saudi Royal Court?
How can we common people contribute to our Nation?
What are some examples of wasteful government expenditures?
For somebody deeply rooted in capitalism, what are the areas and how can he learn to appreciate the beauty of communism or socialism?
What happens when a member of the Lok Sabha (Mallikarjun Kharge) wants to ask questions to a minister who is elected to the Rajya Sabha (Arun Jaitley)?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
What is the best history of the communist insurgency in Malaysia from the Communist point of view?
Do legislators have to attend every session of the legislature?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Could you share examples of how blind patriotism has hindered a nation's progress?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
When will Lalu Yadav get his punishment?
Why was President Trump given such a warm and grand welcome compared to Obama, by the Saudi government?
What is a unitary political system?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
Do most people in your country lean Conservative or Liberal on social policies?
In what bad ways do politicians drive the media to influence our minds? What are their means of doing so?
What are the flaws of centrism?
What kind of political views does Dwayne Johnson have?
Which country is the safest from a dictator taking over?
Who is the legal minister?
Will it be better if Rajinikanth stays away from politics?
Could we resolve majority of the worlds problems If we were able to shrink ourselves down (like honey I shrunk the kids style)?
What is Noam Chomsky's view on free market?
Is there a global political movement towards the right to far right given the campaign of Modi in India, Trump in the USA, Marine in France?
What are the types of communism?
Who is the best politician in Bihar? Why?
Why do Republicans constantly say that Democrats believe that Russia changed ballots or interfered at the voting places?
Why do dictators tend to pass power to their sons rather than their daughters?
If supported by the majority of the British population, could there again be an absolute monarchy in the United Kingdom?
On May 18, 2017, Jacques Fresco died. How did global politicians react to this fact?
What do you think about Kejriwal? Is he really corrupt like other politicians?
Which country is the most repressive and least democratic, Iran or Saudi Arabia?
If there is democracy in the US, why were communists persecuted in the 1940s and 1950s?
Why are our universities​ infected with leftist​ ideology​?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Do democrat and republican liberals still believe and stand for liberty alike?
How do Maithils and other Biharis react to the political renaming of Mithila/ideh to 'Madhesh' in Nepal, which is historically misleading?
What advice do you give to a couple who have opposing political stances which lead to lots of fights?
Why does being fiscally responsible make you far right in the eyes of liberals and the media?
PM Modi said that state elections should be merged with general elections. Is it possible as it can be unfair to recently elected state governments?
What does federalism mean?
Who is the most successful political leader of Nepal?
What do you think of the Open Challenge on EVM tampering posed by Election Commission of India to all Political Parties from 3rd June?
What is the difference between the nation-state and the modern nation-state system?
Would Mike Pence, if he didn't become Vice President, have won reelection as Indiana’s Governor?
What is the greatest deception (or conceit) in human thinking about science, religion, politics, and history?
Do you consider the claim that social democrats are responsible for Rosa Luxemburg's death valid?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
After the UK elections, what are the other countries whose elections will be held this year?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Why does VS Naipaul say there is a fundamental flaw in the Indian ethos?
What do you think of the class action lawsuits by Sanders supporters accusing the DNC and Hillary of election fraud and paying less than minimum wage?
Why has mass Islamic immigration never appeared on a party political manifesto?
Do you think Trump practices willful ignorance and selective bias? Can such strategy work as POTUS?
Why does Tamilians can't accept Rajinikanth political entry?
What are some examples of presidential powers?
For which country would an Indian have a chance to become the prime minister or president in the near future?
What is the goal of politics, the pursuit of an ideal or finding common ground and reaching a reasonable consensus?
Can an MLA be nominated by the governor and if yes why only an Anglo-Indian?
How can someone justify rioting to prevent right wing speakers from talking all in the name of "free speech"?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
Has Rajinikanth already joined politics?
Is communism inevitable?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
Are there people on Quora who use the term "cuck" in a non-ironic manner when discussing political issues?
Who are you voting for in the General Election 2017 and why?
Why is tyranny usually bad?
What are the ups and downs of Nebraska's unicameral legislature?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
How much money do Republican-leaning interest groups & individuals spend each year on campaigns & organizations vs. Dem-leaning groups/people?
What do you call it when you intentionally bring on an awful representative or a horrible example of an opposing idea in order to strengthen yours?
What is the difference between being “anti-political correctness" and being rude?
Do you plan on voting or otherwise participating politically when you turn eighteen?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
Is the political strategy & communication of the Libertarian Party holding it back from electoral success? How should it be changed?
Why are Hollywood types leftist?
What are some news stories that have have been overshadowed by recent events in US politics?
What are the contributions of APJ Abdul as a president?
Leftists of Quora, what’y your honest opinion of Titoism?
Is it usual for a social liberal to have very conservative views on some social issues?
What if there was no government?
Who was the most ideological/idealistic U.S. president and who was the most Machiavellian/opportunist?
What are Russia's most prominent social conservative politicians?
Is there any real fundamental difference between dictatorship and monarchy besides the invocation of divine mandate?
In regard to power, who is more powerful in his country, the US President or the Chinese President?
Is banning Taiwan from joining the World Health Assembly correct? Should other world leaders be responsible for this result?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
What would be the political and moral arguments of denying non-profitable state's senators voting rights in the US states?
How would one briefly describe the present Indian political landscape?
How would you respond to a Dwayne Johnson presidency, if he actually won in the 2020 elections?
Can we stop a political populist consensus based on fallacious statements?
Who is the most eligible person for the post of next Indian President?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
Could the UK's Trident nuclear deterrence system be renewed in a less expensive way, such as with land-based ICBMs?
How is the Russian Far Eastern economic region from the perspective of the international political economy?
What are the best arguments against monarchy?
How dangerous is it to talk about politics in Russia, especially for critics of the Putin government?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
Globally, people hate their politicians (baring a few). Why don't we have an alternative by now?
What are the aspects of totalitarianism?
Why does the media not acknowledge that Russia has been trying to subvert American politics since the FDR administration?
What was the first form of self-government in the colonies?
Is the communist movement based on a philosophy?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Is it really democracy for California to never vote Republicans for decades of presidential elections?
What is the difference between the rule of law and the rule of man?
Why has the Congress party been rooted out throughout the country?
How much dependency on speechwriters would give you the view that a politician is dishonest?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
If our Prime Minister, Mr. Narendra Modi, bans the reservation system, how will society react?
Why do we need a legislative council?
Are there any world leaders or former world leaders that use Quora?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
What are your 2017 election predictions?
Why are conservatives portrayed and accused by liberals as being intolerant bigots?
Why do many people claim that Macron will turn France over to German hegemony despite his outspoken criticism of massive German trade surpluses?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
How did Trump’s visit to the Middle East go?
How do pluralist politics work?
Partisan bias aside, which U.S. political party is truly the least racist?
Do political parties in Tamil Nadu fear Rajinikanth's entry into politics?
When will liberals stop lying?
What is the name of the Pakistan prime minister today?
Can Democrats point to a place in the Constitution where the so-called PolitiFact is mentioned?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
How was Julius Caesar's assassination a historical mistake?
What would change if the Labour Party wins the election?
How would road rules work in a libertarian society?
Why do dictators as a rule pass power to a relative?
What would "Fly Over Country" like to hear from the Democratic party that would earn their vote?
Is democracy as we know it in demise?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
Do you have to be white to be alt-right in politics?
Are the White House leaks necessary or criminal?
Should the BJP abrogate Article 370 if they get a majority in both houses of Parliament?
How does Iran vote?
Who is the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh?
What if USA had a Prime Minister?
When the United States becomes heavily involved in a country, should that country have some fraction of a vote for U.S. leaders?
What's the qualification to join Indian politics?
Why did New York City elect Republican mayors, yet always votes for a Democratic president?
What is the oldest good political party in Bangladesh?
Do you support street politics and have some relevant experiences?
Can a retired governor be eligible for an MLA or MP in India?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
Do liberals think that Trump partnered with Russia to steal the election?
What are some ideological differences between "Indicate" and "Syndicate" after 1969 split of congress?
Is it time for the western democracies to help Iran become a better balanced country?
Can you argue Marxism vs libertarianism as objective as possible, with points made that showcase understanding for both?
If a United States President is impeached and found guilty, is that same President able to grant themselves a Presidential pardon?
Who is the prime minister of Brazil?
How can an act of parliament be repealed?
What are some examples of unitary systems of government?
Which (inter)national systems and institutions are in dire need of a major upgrade?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
Why do Tamilians don't want Rajinikanth in politics?
What exactly is Realpolitik?
What does my political compass say about me?
Has an IITian ever been praised by any politician or star?
Is it true that 'gangs' are just power-structures that emerge from people who are disenfranchised by mainstream politics?
What qualities makes the speaker of the house to be the second in line for the presidency?
What is the good thing from Marxism?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
What is the intellectual level of political leaders nowadays?
Why do leftists celebrate the demographic destruction of whites?
Does polarization help political parties to achieve their target votes or religion/caste factor works in Kerala?
Did the Russians manage the political campaigns of democracies like India, the USA, or France, given the strikingly similar style?
Who is the prime minister of Venezuela?
Why does Iran have negative feelings for Pakistan?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
Have there ever been any witches in politics?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
Why do Democrats claim communism is different from socialism when Communist Russia called itself the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
How does Scandanavian-style socialism differ from the communism we've seen in Venezuela?
Was Deputy AG Rosenstein made aware of a recording of the meeting between Comey and Trump?
What should the BJP do to keep Congress out of Indian politics?
How does our two party system work to protect our liberty?
In what way is the 2017 Conservative Manifesto left wing?
In the next Lok Sabha election, which party will win in West Bengal?
Should men be allowed to vote?
For history, I have to give a speech in the perspective of Idi Amin, the African dictator, about an actual (political) subject. Any suggestions?
How can we stop Nepotism in Indian politics?
Is MSNBC owned by the DNC, spending all morning on the Russia investigation when Manchester just happened?
Just as the Republican party became conservative with time, and the Democratic party became liberal, what might happen in another 100 years?
Did people like Yogi Adityanath initially start cow politics only because all politics related to humans were already being managed by other ruling parties?
What is the distinct definition of fascism, and what are its traits?
How do I write an election campaign management case study?
Why isn't everyone a libertarian rationalist?
How can a young adult start volunteering for a political party?
Is martial law bad (I'm asking this since our country declared martial law about an hour ago)?
How would you describe communism in a nutshell (summarize main concepts)?
Is India democratic? Or just pretending to be democratic?
As a US Republican or Democrat, what is one issue you agree with the opposing party on?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
A YouGov poll suggests that the more education you have, the less likely you are to vote Conservative. Does this surprise you? Can you explain it?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What should one do to become a good​ politician in India?
What do conservatives think about the 5-3 SCOTUS decision that the gerrymandering by the GOP in North Carolina was racially motivated?
Why didn't Karl Marx finish Capital Volume II and III before his deathbed?
How is statistics applied in politics?
With the current Russia/Trump collusion probe, those who testify claim sources of information are classified. When will those names be made known?
What is the distinct difference between centralisation and bureaucracy in terms of the Modern State?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
How hated is Congressman Steve King?
Do you know any good (long) background story articles on the current corruption scandals and political crisis in Brazil (Petrobras, Odebrecht)?
What effect do you think the attack in Manchester (22nd May 2017) will have on the election results?
Why is Jewish lobby so influential in the politics of the USA?
As a liberal, which Conservative politicians do you have the most respect for?
How do you view Dr. Jordan Peterson's views on Political Correctness, namely LGBQ labeling?
What is the meaning of "a bill before parliament”?
If communism has to be on a global scale, how come anarcho-communism doesn't have to be?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
Which political party is better than BJP?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
Why is India not a one-party state?
Do the conservative party have a history of putting the country in debt?
Can ex presidents refuse secret service protection?
Who is the most charming female politician?
What are the biggest reasons why the citizens of the U.K. voted for Brexit?
What is your view on recent college protests?
Is the European Union a federation or a confederation? How can one define its political set-up?
How is federalism practiced?
Has our judiciary hanged any politician till today?
Has neoliberalism ever worked?
Do you think Twitter India is biased against the right wing?
What is good and bad about democracy happen in Mongolia?
How would you and your fellow countrymen react if your leaders started wearing capes?
What are the minimum votes required to become a member of the Rajya Sabah?
Is Andrés Manuel López Obrador a popular Mexican political figure?
If only two people voted in an election, and each candidate got just one vote, who would win?
Was Malala Yousafzai a pawn of the West in retrospect?
What is your view/opinion about Rajnikanth entering into politics?
Was the 1932 German federal election free and fair?
why do celebrities join politics?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
Why did democratic socialism evolve in Europe but not the US?
Why doesn't Tulsi Gabbard go back to India and do politics, and leave the presidency to real Americans?
Will a former president receive secret service protection in jail?
How is socialism in Scandinavian countries working? Why did that same socialism failed for Greece?
What were the causes of the clash between Confucianism and Communism?
Are there any examples of societies getting more conservative?
Why did President Trump receive only Saudi Arabia's greatest honor but not a Nobel Prize? What more can he do to win a Nobel Prize as well?
How has religion affected politics in the Roman empire?
My political science teacher told me that socialism initially runs well, but the countries practicing it will eventually fail. Is this true and why?
Why do sites like Tech Insider attract so many right-wingers?
What happens if a politician gets assassinated?
Would Pepe Le Pew be considered politically incorrect today?
Who said "politics is the art of the possible"?
Why are Liberal Democrat leaders so distinct from other political party leaders in the way they speak etc?
How do honest officers/politicians handle situations when they see corruption but have no proof?
If in May 1940, Lord Halifax had grabbed at the British premiership when it was offered to him on a plate, would this question be written in German?
Would it be a good idea to make every politician a scientist? How would this impact the world for the better or the worse?
How liberal is the so-called 'liberal world order' many proclaim?
What does the Reform Party represent?
What are any regimes committing suicide other than the present regime in Indian history?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
Is it true that Democrats are tough on cops, soft on crime?
Will May's Britain be a one-party state, or a one-woman state?
Would it be possible and legal to require the entire population of a country to do DNA sequencing and put the results in their ID?
What would happen if children from 10 years and up were given the right to vote?
What are some things that regular citizens do, but not communists?
How do I find good politicians?
Should Corbyn/McDonnell now be condemned for talking to the IRA/Sinn Fein a few years before it became politically acceptable for the UK to do so?
Why are Dalits so marginalised in Maharashtra politics, despite their large numbers and the Ambedkarite movement?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
Could growing up in a communist country cause narcissism?
What rules of politeness change in China?
Regarding Tamil Nadu politics, what is the connection between Rajinikanth and P. Chidambaram?
What if every single world leader was right-wing?
Will the new FBI director reopen the investigation against Hillary Clinton? Is an indictment likely?
If you were given the presidency and control over all 3 branches of government of the USA tomorrow, what would you change?
Why didn't the Washington state news media cover the story about Trump facilitating the multi-billion dollar deal between Boeing and Saudi Arabia?
Is Donald Trump a good leader?
What does "when a leader speaks, that leader dies" mean?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Why do we take the popular vote seriously in 2016 when so many of them are either Negroes or college students?
Is all of Quora liberal?
Does communism really take away your freedom?
What happens if all the clean people from BJP (including Modi) and congress form a separate party?
Why didn't state socialism work?
In regards to Robert Dahl's requirements of a large-scale democracy, what is meant by "associational autonomy" and "inclusive citizenship"?
Do political leaders have close friends?
Is it still OK for a Muslim man (me) and his wife to move to London considering the current situation? Will we be welcomed?
Could the House/Senate block a party/person from voting?
Who is India’s most powerful person?
Is there something seriously wrong with the religion of Islam?
Who is the best politician that modern day Indian people have ever seen?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
When is the imposition of a president’s rule implemented?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Why aren't more political parties multinational?
Who is the father of constitutionalism in western political thought?
Why do Americans have to interfere with other countries' local disagreements all the time? Why don't they mind their own business?
What are the issues or problems that Estonia is currently facing?
What are some examples of political corruption in the U.S.?
What are the proper functions of governments?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
Who is the most badass politician ever?
Who are the list of candiates of the election 2016 and what party is far right and racist?
How many seats will labour lose?
Why don't most liberals think the Democratic party is corrupt, even though they are being sued on multiple counts of fraud?
Who is the most famous British politician of all time?
What are the advantages of having a monarchy as your leader?
Why is France so left wing?
Are people repenting in Tamil Nadu for electing AIADMK for a second term?
What are the arguments for monarchy?
What is the analysis for political poles according to the theory of realism, liberalism, English school, critical theory and constructivism?
If Dwayne "The Rock" really does run for president as an independent candidate, are Americans ready to vote for someone not from a major party?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
Why is it hard for politicians (who had no previous job experience before politics) to get a job after they leave office?
Is Russia going to start WW3, considering the bad relations it has with the U.S. and NATO?
Who is the most powerful living person most people have never heard of?
Is a "micro aggression" a real thing or just something right wing activists made up to make the left look stupid?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
Would you ever consider a sado-masochistic relationship or role-play involving power exchange based on political beliefs?
Is democracy possible without capitalism?
Was the term "demokratía" invented by the Athenian adversaries of such regime?
Isn't the redistribution of wealth the same as socialism? Is this the current policy direction of the Democratic Party in the U.S.?
Why are all of the Indian parties still interested in vote politics whether in the name of Ambedkar, religion, or Pakistan but not in the name of development?
What are they chanting when the 'Supreme Leader' casts his vote in the election? Why do they do so?
Is it illegal for a radio host or political pundit to call out for the murder or massacre of a politician?
Will he really be impeached and forced out of office or will he be known as The Teflon President?
I'm currently a mix between a classical liberal, and minarchist. Why should I go left economically, and what is wrong with an individualist ideology?
Will there always be dictatorships?
Why are bank or interest loans illegal?
How do I prepare for a continuous crisis committee (e.g. Chinese political bureau)?
Why is communism dying?
What do Putin supporters think of the Holocaust? How about Assad's crematorium?
Why don't some people tweet about politics or news?
Could the European political map change in the next 50 years?
How do you handle the distress from arguing about politics or religion?
Why should a politician (MP, MLA, or any other) show his/her power?
Do you believe Indyref2 should take place?
How politically disturbing is the One Piece world?
How can we apply Machine Learning in Political Science/Politics?
Why doesn't Trump advocate for campaign finance reform, condensing the election calendar, or electoral reform?
When did liberalism change?
What are street politics?
Do you think political Islam is compatible with Western values?
What are the contribution of Aung San SuuKyi in Myanmar elections?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
Why is it necessary for the constitution to place limitations on the rules?
Did Trump deliver his speech in Saudi without a teleprompter?
Does the Pakistan government brainwash its people?
Did Donald Trump’s first visit to Saudi Arabia win the hearts of the Muslim world?
Does the imposition of prerequisites imposed on candidates influence a state?
Why don't Democrats reach out to Republican voters, instead of talking about how they'll die off in a few years?
Which side of the political divide in Northern Ireland did more to bring communities together?
What is a non-territorial nation?
Why are socially conservative parties still around in the 21st century?
What is a politically unbiased Quoran's definition of the alt-right?
If a particular demographic is statistically tied to a type of crime, is it bigoted for the larger population to not want any more of the demographic?
How much will India benefit from Rouhani being re-elected as Iranian President?
Is Malaysia commonly seen by other countries as a corrupt country led by corrupt leaders?
How did Richard Armitage become an influential politician?
What is the importance of statistics in politics?
Can there be an institution which is truly unbiased in a democratic state?
Why are GOP politicians so tribalist?
What are the best conservative political ideas?
When should you not vote in a democracy?
How was the government formed?
What are politics and values?
How do UK atheists view the monarchy?
What major events have happened in the U.S. since January?
Is being a young Conservative in your country as unfashionable as it is in the UK?
What are some plausible reasons why constitution-drafters would allow secret-ballot-voting for electing a state president, but not for voting one out?
Why do Western powers allow China to seize more and more world wealth?
In being a state’s leader, is power really everything? Political power or wealth power?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
Why do liberals play identity politics?
Is money has all powers for politicians?
Should religious beliefs have any part of politics?
Why is Saudi female empowerment led by women with wealth and means rather than middle/lower class women?
Is martial law okay to apply in Mindanao, Philippines?
What would happen if someone under the age of eligibility for the Presidency is elected and their Vice-President is also under said age?
Why is the left winning?
Do you think Quorans have become way too left-wing lately?
Will Rajnikanth be better off being a kingmaker in TN politics?
Is it true that Jill Stein was caught loading ballot boxes on a plane to Russia, presumably to be tampered with?
What can modern right-wing Republicans do to win Democrats and liberals over to their worldview?
How do I protect myself against being fired for my political views?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
What is it like running a country?
How can I relate the end of history to the hegemony of politics?
Why can't Tamilnadu accept Rajini as a politician?
If a president dies mid-term, and the VP finishes off the rest of his/her term, does the VP get to run for president once or twice after that?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
How powerful is the Indian government?
How do governments compete?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
Why are two major problems in America hunger yet also obesity? How do we help fight hunger?
Is it possible to impeach Trump and those who will replace him until the next election?
Does corruption deviancy treatment exist? Can we start enforcing a 0 tolerance policy on corruption (as in corrupt officials)?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
What is controversy behind Rajinikanth political entry?
Why do leftists continue to deny the left wing bias of the media in the face of such obvious facts to the contrary?
How do you determine the election day?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
Are people correct to criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for taking selfies instead of governing and making thing happen for Canadians?
What would be the economic, social, religious and political impacts if superheroes appeared in the real world tomorrow?
Who was the first prime minister (women) in the world?
Can you think of a reason why a politically democratic voting system might lead to disaster?
Why does our prime minister never get out in the morning?
Why doesn't the left wing let the right wing do its thing with policies to see if they actually do improve things?
If you could go back in time and shoot Karl Marx, would you do it?
Who is responsible for the birth of ISIS without getting muddled in partisan politics?
Why does nationalism have such a bad connotation?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Is the parliament system in politics based on the Socratic method or dialogue?
Are any of today's controversial politicians so unpopular that their own country might not allow them to be buried on their soil upon death?
How many Parliamentary forums at present in India ?
Can you justify weighted voting in a democratic system?
Why do the opinions of people like Cho Ramaswamy or S. Gurumurthy matter a lot in Indian politics? Is it because they are journalists?
Why do people continue to misuse the term communism and don't try to educate themselves on it?
Do we need a universal goverment?
What were the reasons for Hitler's unique and extremely brutal political rules and beliefs?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
Is solving a political problem with technology solution-EVMs the answer in the case of Botswana?
Why do the Conservatives hate the poor?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
Is liberalism hijacked from the inside?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
Can a good scientist become a successful politician?
Why do some people in the 1st world vote for radical leftists and populists?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
Can cultural integration and political separation bring about peace?
Why did communism fail in Asia?
Why are people on Quora so polite?
Is it allowed to create political parties in Islam?
What do Democrats think now of "Elections have consequences"?
What would happen if Indian nations were grantsd sovereignty?
What is the comparison between parliamentary and presidential (executive) forms of government, with reference to India and the USA?
What are some good ideas for encouraging folks to vote for candidates based more on their individual merits and less on their party affiliations?
Why is politics said to be a dirty job?
For history class, I have to give a speech. I have to take the side of Idi Amin, the Ugandan dictator. How should I approach this?
Is Britain a monarchy or a democracy?
How should a 2016 accounting graduate break into public service/politics when most positions require a social sciences major?
What is the difference between liberal conservatism and conservative liberalism?
Why is Lalu Yadav so successful in Bihar politics?
Should Rajinikanth join politics?
What makes authoritarianism and oppression of political opponents more dignified in Singapore than in Russia?
Is a political or a mob psychologist able to explain the current situation, such as how it evolved, its future, and the resolution?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
What are some examples of pluralist politics?
When did being liberal become a bad thing? Why is there so much hatred for liberals?
Should it, theoretically, be expected that people have different political views? Why?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
As a caring citizen who has no time to run for office, what can I do to resist Republicans' inhumane policies? I already vote & write my legislators.
Should the Middle East countries stand together? How?
Why do the USA and Russia continue their little Cold War games while they ignore China stealing the world?
Can a political union of more than one country recognize another country as its head?
Which party are you going to vote for in 2019 and why?
Are Democrats less partisan than Republicans?
Are democracy, secularism, equality, GLBT rights compatible with Islam?
If a war erupts between the US and allies and North Korea, what would be the better option to deal with a "defeated" North Korea?
Is it ok to refuse to register to vote?
What is politeness in terms of pragmatics?
Should liberals be allowed to vote?
What are the political factors in the auto industry?
What do conservatives think about liberals going crazy from identity politics to recent Russian conspiracy theories?
Do opposition parties create violence in J&K, UP where the BJP government rules and opposition parties have violent nature leaders there?
What event inspired you to adapt your political ideology(s)?
Do Russians support restoring the monarchy?
What province voted for who in the Iranian election?
Could we be in for a surprise Democratic victory in the May 25th Montana house special election?
What countries had a totalitarianism system before WW1?
Do high-up politicians with degrees, diplomas, etc, look down on other politicians who don't hold degrees?
Quora is becoming a country. You must elect a cabinet in this virtual country. Which Quorans do you choose?
Is the West standing still in the fight against ISIS?
Which country has the most diverse political elite?
What are the essential features of Marxism?
Why do liberals lie so much?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
What is classical political economy?
Are there any left-wing nativists?
Is Labour gaining vote share in the right constituencies?
Do terrorist incidents during election times cause voters to shift to the right?
Should I vote tactically?
Is communism considered a cult? Am I considered part of it?
What are the questions that the public should ask political parties before Karnataka goes to the polls?
What are some countries that were first in the world for many things?
Who is the current central foreign minister?
What factors influence the political equilibrium?
Does the fact that Reagan swept his presidential election prove that swing states aren't everything in a presidential race?
What are some political systems except authoritarian and democratic types that are worth a try?
Can Rajinikanth become a good politician?
Is the 60 senate votes on the budget in the Constitution?
Do you agree to the reaction of the Political Rights of Corruptor?
What are your views on WHO Director General Dr Margaret Chan spending more on first class travel and luxury hotels than on AIDS and malaria?
How rigged are the election in Russia?
How would you describe with your insight into politics, economics, and society these days in Indonesia?
How can I practice communism on my own to experiment with?
Why do some politicians criticize Rajinikanth?
Who do you think was the best Lib Dem leader?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
What are the political challenges in the Philippines?
Should students have walked out on the Pence speech?
How do Libertarians respond to the idea that a libertarian society is far too Utopian?
What is the best way to explain the difference between scientific consensus and science by democracy?
Keeping in view the political scenario of Pakistan, is it sensible to "love" our politicians? Should we be emotional or evaluate them?
How did democracy come to be?
Was UKIP just a conservative splinter group, and is it now time for it to go?
Why would someone want to be a Democrat?
Who got this crazy idea to separate the world in nation states?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
Can anyone share an incident, involving an Indian politician, that shows his/her incorruptible nature?
Why is the youth of India crazy about PM Modi while there is a rise in unemployment during his tenure?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
Would the American government be better off if you could vote for more than one person who was running (e.g., if I could vote for Gary Johnson and Rand Paul)?
Was Algeria’s Prime Minister (not President) democratically elected?
Is the political and social situation in Israel similar to what it was in Rhodesia?
What do you understand about equality & democracy being dynamic and not static concepts?
What is a combination party in government?
What is the most burning political issue in India presently?
Is Justin Trudeau a populist?
What former Presidents and Vice Presidents would be good for certain cabinet positions and other offices appointed by the President?
Is it a good idea to give citizens control over their taxes via referendum?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
Do political parties in the US release manifestos?
How can I fight against the administration?
Do you feel hopeless when discussing politics?
Is Los Angeles a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
What is a state religion?
What does “Member of Parliament can claim immunity” mean?
Why should I study political science?
What are the best arguments against Marxist communism?
Will Mike Pence be incriminated in the Russian investigation?
What are some petitions to nominate candidates?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
Was James Comey committing perjury in his May 3rd testimony or is he lying now?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
Is there any ideal political party in India?
What has caused the rise of extremism in the world in recent time?
How do you start a political action committee?
What is your critique of every political party?
What are some online advocacy tools where I can monitor specific bills at the federal level?
Has media exposure of social scandals helped the nation grow?
Which is a better ideology, true Communism (not dictator communism) or Capitalism?
Why are our prime ministers, presidents etc. not professors of economics, politics, international law or something of that sort?
What's your opinion on Villani's application at the French legislative elections?
After a president is done with his 2 terms, can he still serve in a lower level position like a cabinet member, or is his political career over?
Why are all the Brazilian politicians corrupt?
The US Constitution is based on the doctrine of the separation of powers. How does this doctrine keep the three branches of govt. separate?
What is global governance 2025?
Does Gordon Miller fund political parties?
If healthcare in the USA could be overhauled from scratch, how would you fix it?
Are there any countries which successfully made a transition from the two-party system to the multiparty system?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
What does the local government do for schools?
Why does no party work for generals?
Why did Portugal become a republic if almost all the people were pro-monarchy?
Is there one politician in this country who has never been defeated during his political career and commanded great respect?
What is the public affairs index?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
What are political emblems?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
How is libertarian socialism supposed to work?
How can a country maintain a stable political system?
If you close your eyes and imagine utopia, what do you see?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
Is Robert Mueller an unbiased and intelligent enough source to head the Russian investigation?
Why is it not possible to vote for the policies you like rather than for a party?
What are some speech topics for national current affairs?
I'm pro-life but I agree with Democrats on almost every other issue, who can I vote for?
Does an outgoing chief whip hand over his 'black book of secrets' to his replacement assuming they're both in the same political party?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
Why do Bhakts shamelessly criticise the actions of other political parties when BJP has been doing the same?
Why is Vladimir Putin into larger government when it comes to economic freedoms, for someone who is big on being tough and hard on people?
Why does the "made in" label matters?
At this point, is Trump purposely trying to get himself removed from office?
How are populism and nationalism related?
What is the critical political theory?
Are you tired of false equivalence arguments by Kremlin trolls arguing that liberal democracy is just as bad as Putin's corrupt kleptocratic regime?
In what way are politics affected by social media?
What is the Marthi meaning of “prime minister” in a minimum 5 of words?
Has communism changed the way you see the world?
What is the definition of "national identity" from scholars' papers? Please provide the specific quotation of the definition.
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
If you became a ruler of a country, what would your rules and regulations be in your country?
What is bad about democracy?
How does politics affect educational development in India?
How plausible is it for Trump's Administration to become a dictatorship?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
Did a significant amount of people also disbelieve the facts of watergate?
Is Robert Puckett a Democrat?
Why do people think that a nation can surrender its sovereignty through inferential, vs. express, statements of such intent?
How do Maithils and other Biharis react to the political renaming of Mithila/ideh to 'Madhesh' in Nepal, which is historically misleading?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
Constitutionally, can the states adopt whatever voting system they please (e.g., IRV) for all elections in their states, including the US House and Senate?
What happens in TN politics if Rajinikanth decide to start a new party and venture into politics?
Why don't the Pakistani people organise a massive rebellion against the incumbent establishment to root out corruption & improve their country?
What is meant by "sovereignty of British Parliament"?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
In contrast to the Kremlin, is China buying international friends with money?
Suppose the price per barrel of oil is equal to $10. What will happen in Arabic kingdoms?
What is the “permanent political class”?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Which state gives 4 prime minister?
Will an impeached president have his portrait in the hall of presidents?
Should 16 year olds be allowed to vote and what parties support it?
Has Bill Maher ever insulted someone to their face on his show the way he did to Brian in Family Guy?
What is neoliberalism and how is it killing you?
Which party will you vote for in the 2017 Gujarat election?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
Which country has given the highest prime minister?
Who are the most trustworthy and fair-minded voices in the American political landscape?
What is voluntary euthanasia in Indian constitution?
Why aren’t students in politics? Can’t they manage it?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
What do you call it when you intentionally bring on an awful representative or a horrible example of an opposing idea in order to strengthen yours?
Who is your favorite U.S. Senator who doesn't represent your home state?
Are liberal progressives and their thralls in the press mounting a high-tech coup d’etat to overthrow the US Constitution?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
What do people think about Macron’s new government after he unveiled the list of ministers?
What are we lacking in political system these days?
How much "political capital" does Trump have as of May 19, 2017?
What are the most important political philosophical problems?
Is anarchism distinct from liberalism?
What is your opinion on Bill C16 that was just passed in Canada?
Isn't the idea of a nation in itself flawed?
Is WikiLeaks politically biased?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
What makes the ideologies of communism and nazism so dangerous?
How high do you rate Ecology in your political priorities?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
What does it take to enter and be competent in politics?
Are liberals the new facists?
Is it better for a country to believe in God than a political ideology?
To what extent was the Gough Whitlam dismissal influenced by the CIA?
How would the Middle East respond to a woman president?
Why do socialists believe socialism works?
From a practical geo-political perspective, should the West put China back under its boot?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Are there any businesses that support the Green Party?
Would Brazil have been more politically stable if it had remained a monarchy?
How does Canada compare on the world stage militarily, economically and as an overall political power?
Is the world becoming more fun?
If our Prime Minister, Mr. Narendra Modi, bans the reservation system, how will society react?
Why is the two-party system stronger in the US than in the UK or Canada?
What is the role of media in uncovering the corrupt powerful politicians?
Why are so many people so thankless for everything Trump has done for our country?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
Are liberals and their self-interests disbanding the Democratic Party?
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
Do only politicians become president?
How do I increase my knowledge of economic affairs and political affairs?
In the case of non-compliance of award by one party, what is the remedy available to the other party?
Are there any political reasons allowing more allowances allotted to SC/ST?
What are your views on the recent pulse scam of 400 crores in the Maharashtra Government?
What is the political/cause/activist side to the Maker community paying attention to?
Could now-former FBI Director James Comey run for president in 2020?
What will be the condition if educated youths jump towards politics?
How is the president of the USA elected?
Has Harvard ruined its reputation by admitting Obama, the worst president in history, through affirmative action?
Why did the Presidents of Turkmenistan rule with a dictatorial personality cult?
How is a filibuster used in congress?
Would the American people accept a political party similar to the UK Labour party? Would the party be successful?
What will happen if Mueller's investigation shows that Trump is innocent, regardless of whether Trump's campaign officials are shown to be innocent?
How does a constitution as a structural instrument of the state attempt to introduce political order in a society?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
Are the UK's sick pay laws good compared to Europe?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
What do you think about Rajinikanth entering politics?
What are some lies told by progressives?
Would solving court cases become easy if, a lie detecting machine, truth serums, a psychologist and a hypnotist are present during a court hearing?
Why do people generally vote for people who probably don't serve their best self-interest?
What is the political situation world wide?
What do you know about Brazil’s actual politic situation? And what do you think about it?
Why should everyone care about money in politics?
What shall be the next best move to bring a drastic change in Tamilnadu politics?
What would be the socio-political and economic consequences of technological advances and widespread automation of economies?
Can the egoist/individualist anarchism of Max Stirner be considered closer to a national-anarchism than to a traditional left anarchism?
Why would true socialism or communism work?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
If Trump nominated Abraham Lincoln as Director of the FBI or to the Supreme Court, would there be strong resistance?
Has the Indian parliament ever impeached a chief minister or prime minister for obstruction of justice?
Why did the Trump campaign opt for Mike Pence? What can we expect from him if he succeeds Trump as President?
What are people in Germany hearing right now about the scandals in the Trump administration as of 5/18/2017?
What role did Bhindranwale play in the winning of the Congress Party in the election of 1980?
What are some lies told by conservatives?
When will Raj Thackeray become CM of Maharashtra?
What is you best definition of politics?
Is it just a coincidence that "conservatives" who buy into the right wing alternate realities also reject science in favor of faith?
Is political correctness a regressive social state?
What is civil religion?
Why would someone be a conservative but not a libertarian?
Why is Jewish lobby so influential in the politics of the USA?
Is the word 'master bedroom' an outdated, not politically correct term?
What has to be done to promote and protect areas affected by civil unrest?
How do left political parties finance themselves around the world?
What politician is similar to Duplessis?
Is Rajnikanth planning to enter TN politics?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
What is Irish democracy?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
What can I do after graduating with a master’s in international political economy?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
What would happen if Russia and India shared a border?
Who should I vote for in the general elections?
Are Republicans and conservatives in America more individualist and Democrats and liberals more statist, or vice versa?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
Will there be a separatist movement in Maharashtra and Karnataka in the near future?
Which United States political party will win the White House in 2020?
What are any regimes committing suicide other than the present regime in Indian history?
What are some examples of immigrants who are liberal in their adopted country but support conservative politics back home?
If you were running for president, what would the opposite party say about you?
Is George Orwell's 1984 relevant in India today?
Is it religion that determines the morality of a nation? How does it affect the lives of secular individuals of such nation?
What brought an end to the Brazilian military dictatorship?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
Who supports mandatory voting?
What would happen if you refuse to address the President as "Mr. President"?
How would gender socio-politically change in 100 years from now?
Can I go into Architecture and still become a politician or the president of a country?
Which is better, Pure Communism or Pure Capitalism?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
Is the American presidency voting system a joke to the rest of the world?
Are anonymous donations for political candidates and parties in the USA legal?
Can a Vice President be removed from office?
Can Sharia be imposed in our secular Indian democracy by any political party?
Is capitalism the invisible monarchy?
What's the chance that a non-religious, unmarried woman with a high IQ undergoing college at a prestigious institution leans politically to the right?
What was the political cause of the uprising of 1857?
How many peaceful protests turn violent?
Why do some groups of people hate politics and hesitate to vote?
If Hindutva right wing groups had the arms, territory and power, would they be equivalent to ISIS?
What do the people wish from our politicians?
What is the role of a prime minister?
What type of socialization do you expect to adopt world affairs?
What would happen if Kim Jong Un converted to Islam?
Is it possible that political ideology is much less important than execution, political norms, and a relative lack of corruption?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
My "secular" London state school allows Muslim students to pray, but provides seperate rooms for boys and girls. Is this endorsing Islamic sexism?
Has there ever been a benevolent dictator who made their country better without exploiting the nation's wealth for personal gain?
Should the state be able to force someone to pay for someone else's healthcare?
What is your view on ICJ's verdict on former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav? Is it a major setback for Pakistan in the global arena?
Is Arvind Kejriwal the only honest politician present in Indian politics at the moment?
Why do some red states have Democratic governors and blue states Republican?
Does anything in the U.S. Constitution address preventing the conflict of interest of politicians reliant on rich donors with vested interests?
Do you agree that Donald Trump and Saudi Prince Salman are the most dangerous men in the world & they are meeting this Sunday to declare war on Iran?
What is the difference between communism and the Democratic party platform?
Why are the French stereotyped as being cowards who surrender all the time?
Are there organizations or enterprises dedicated to trying to forecast the economy, politics and society of the US?
Who is the best politician in Andhra Pradesh?
Are the modern Olympic games true to the stated mission, or have they become politicized?
Who is the most huggable world leader in 2017?
How did American companies gain a strong foothold all over the world?
Why is Russia interfering with elections in favor of the right wing candidate?
Why is the Conservative Party of Canada posting so many memes on social media?
Why do we study political theory?
Do some people pay other people to vote for a person of their choice in an election?
Is Israel a model democracy?
I feel like people give more value to their political parties than to society in general. Does this happen anywhere else?
If you had absolute power in America for one day, what would you do?
How have national legislators resigned prior to the end of their terms, for nondisciplinary or election reasons?
Why don't some people tweet about politics or news?
What are some scientifically established facts that sound right-wing?
Is there any leader who served 20 years or more by winning democratic elections?
Can you give me an unbiased view of politics within the UK?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
After impeachment, can a president still call himself president?
Which political party would a business analyser working in London vote in the up-coming election and why?
What are the established facts of the Brazilian political crisis that has been ongoing since 2014, behind partisan narratives from all sides?
What do you mean by dirty politics?
How, why, when, and who started the concept of politics in the world that has existed since ancient times? What is the history and origin of politics?
Is San Francisco a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Which will destroy the country faster, neoconservativism or neoliberalism?
What is religion’s role in politics?
Did “Baahubali” succeed due to patriotism and nationalism?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
Whom would you prefer, a corrupt but competent politician or an honest but incompetent one?
What powers would political Viagra provide?
Has the internet broken or revived democracy? Will the next American president be Caitlin, Oprah, Kanye or Ivanka? And is it good or bad?
Who is the first Chief Minister of Telangana?
You're a dictator (benevolent or otherwise) who has just achieved world domination. What are the first 100 days in power like?
Are there any studies on how political/ideological biases affect economic activity by investors? How does this ultimately shape politics?
How could I use the Corpus of Contemporary American English to do my BA research in linguistics about politically correct language?
What are politics and values?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
What major events have happened in the U.S. since January?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
Is Ukraine a fascist country?
Should actors or actresses join politics?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
If Liberals are causing the destruction of our country, then why is Russia trying to hard to support conservatives?
Why are liberals so fat?
Why does our beloved Prime Minister choose to leave an impression of unpredictability among people at large?
I really have linguistic abilities as well as good knowledge in political issues, how can I reach the channels and get interviews with them?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
Are we facing an oil shortage in 2020?
Is socialism classless?
To ensure an awesome Malaysia in the long run, what is the best voting strategy for Malaysians for the incoming election?
Why do so many leftists and neocons think they are being clever by insulting the "other side" in a question?
What happens when a country doesn't follow ICJ's judgement?
What would happen if Trump & Pence got impeached for corruption? Would Paul Ryan become President?
Is the sentiment against Hindi in TN maintained primarily by Dravidian parties to keep away national parties entering or gaining seats in Tamil Nadu?
Are politicians shills to their political party?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
How can I start a coalition?
Why do the Brazilians like Sergio Moro if he is absolutely tendentious, wants to be a political, and very probably corrupt, person?
When was "Devnagari" replaced by "Hindi"? What was the political motive behind this change? Was it successful?
Is the parliament system in politics based on the Socratic method or dialogue?
How should I go about becoming the first dictator of Canada?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
How can you be so certain that your political views are right?
If a politician can't get elected to the senate in their own state, do they move to another state and run there?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
What would have been the economical and political landscape of today if oil had not been found in the Middle East?
How did Germany become a democratic country?
What is one way to unite the left and right sides of the political spectrum so that they engage in productive rather than inconclusive debates?
Why do you think academics are striving to become politicians & defeat political corruption instead of defeating the fraud and corruption in academia?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
Why are Turkey’s diplomats instigating violence in foreign countries, like the US and the Netherlands?
Is there a ring of truth to the conservative claim that liberals are being unscientific in claiming race/gender is socially constructed?
What exactly is going on with politics today? I have a kindergarten understanding of these things, please take that into consideration.
What is the most under reported political scandal of the last 100 years?
What is a hybird regime?
If every being are univerally connected to one, why are we taught politics, by such learned people like Chanakya?
What is the capitalist version of national socialism?
Why do some people state they hate identity politics yet they refer to minorites as some kind of monolith?
What do you think it would be a good name for a new political party/movement in Europe?
Why do some people think “identity politics” is oppressive?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
What is political religion?
How can politics get beyond the red versus blue, left versus right arguments to consider social and community benefit and fairness?
What are some examples of political risks?
Why has socialism never worked?
How is political risk measured?
In which direction is Iranian politics heading?
What is the difference between art and science of politics?
“If even 1% of the population of a nation is radicalized, the future of the nation is uncertain.” Is Europe threatened by any religious invasion?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
What would cause identity politics and privilege theory to fall out of popularity?
What are the characteristics of external sovereignty?
Which Political Party Leader would you most like to go have a pint with?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
What is wrong with American politics?
Is it too early for Sunita Kejriwal to foray in politics?
Why do liberals lie so much?
What would happen if you assassinated an ex-president? Is there a difference politically between a current and former POTUS dying by your hand?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
Are people who play empire-building games more likely to have authoritarian political views?
At the moment, the political situation in Brazil poses great difficulties involving corruption in all political levels. What would be a good solution?
What is a one-party system?
You wake up as the leader of your country. What will you do?
How bad is the US at separating church and state?
If liberals want universal health care, then why did they pass Obamacare and not a universal health care bill under the Obama administration?
Is the term National Socialist offensive to use?
Is the way Putin's supporters denying Assad's crematorium the same as how many one time denied the Holocaust?
Does the fact that Reagan swept his presidential election prove that swing states aren't everything in a presidential race?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
Is there any democratic election that produced monarchs or dictators?
What do you think are the dumbest cliches in contemporary political discourse?
Is there a balance between capitalism and communism?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
Is Texas a conservative utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more conservative?
What is the exit poll of Iran's recent election?
Should Iran demand that the Republic of Azerbaijan change its name as Greece did to Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)?
How can scientists protest against corrupt officials?
Under which article of the Indian constitution does it say the president can nominate 12 members of Rajya Sabha and 2 members of Lok Sabha?
How long will 'nations' continue to exist? What could the next structure be?
Is the USA in the middle of a cold civil war?
How do I explain Brexit from a comparative politics & normative perspective?
Who is more powerful, a president or a prime minister?
What are some examples of propaganda devices in politics?
How can we meet Narendra Modi?
What is some good information to have about both Maltese political parties before the election?
What is the key difference between cooperative and competitive federalism?
What specific evidence or reasoning explains why a special counsel has been appointed to investigate Trump and collusion with the Russians?
Why do socialist governments degenerate into corruption?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
Are we facing an oil shortage in 2020?
Is a president of a country a manager?
What suggestions can be given to youngsters who want to enter state politics?
Is there any intelligence even the president of a country (pick one) can't know?
Why does the Constitution of India give pardoning power to the President and what does that mean?
I'm a liberal social worker and I got a paper cut at work, should I sue the Russians?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Do the USA, in a completely genuine sense, need a president who is also a showman of sorts?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Why did some countries believe communism was a better way of life?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
Why should leftist progressive opinions be absolutely and completely ignored?
How would the world without the political boundaries?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
What is the difference between a parliament and a cabinet?
What are some negative impacts of religion on politics?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
Does President Trump pick his press secretary based on whether Melissa McCarthy can play them on SNL?
What are some easy social experiments that show that democracy doesn't work?
Why are Christians traditionally right-wing?
How can street art, political cartoons, shopping, music, etc., help to explain the importance of gender in everyday life and politics?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
What's the difference between the criminalization of politics and the politicization of criminals?
How do I get a paperback copy of the labour manifesto?
Are there any Spanish political highlights which distinguish Spanish from other countries and why?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
What are the major differences between leftist, rightist and centrist politics and their ideologies?
In two sentences, what is the difference between liberals and conservatives?
Who is the most cruel Hindu ruler of all times?
What makes the ideologies of communism and nazism so dangerous?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
What is the difference between annex and conquer?
As a liberal, how can I have a political discussion with a conservative without getting tricked into agreeing with them?
Which United States political party will win the White House in 2020?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
Is Los Angeles a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
How authoritarian is the American government?
What is required to become a diplomat?
When will all this confusion and chaos end in Tamil Nadu politics, regarding farmers, transportation, etc.?
Who was more popular: Putin or Hitler?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
For people not in the US, has Trump made you pay attention to US politics in a way you didn't before?
What do you study in politics?
Is Nepal a socialist state?
What is currently going on in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha?
What does government and politics mean to you?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
Why hasn't Trump lifted the sanctions on Russia?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
Why did Rep. Rod Blum have those kids with him in the interview he walked out of?
Are left-wing protesters on the streets actually violent people as well?
Would there still be gambling under communism?
Why is there so much falsehood regarding rights, or perhaps is the term ‘Gun deaths’ a distraction from far more important real issues?
What do you think about China in politics and enconomy? And is the politics system suitable for the current China or the most of her people?
Who is one of the sincere MPs in the Indian parliament?
How is liberal democracy an outgrowth of modernity?
Have politicians always been power hungry?
Why do cultural Marxists say that cultural Marxism doesn’t exist?
If Congress voted to make the Vice President as Acting President pursuant to the 25th Amendment, how could the President be later reinstated?
Why do Americans love capitalism?
Is there more politics than work pressure in Kolkata companies?
If you are given an opportunity to become a CM, what changes will you bring to your state?
Is Lalu Prasad Yadav involved in the benami land deal case?
With so much politics in everything, how do Americans get anything even done?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
Which country is the most conservative one, and which is the most liberal one, in terms of government and people separately?
Is King Ravana better than current-day politicians? Don't consider his controversies, rather his administration.
Is there any civic tech political party in the world?
In public relations and politics, is spin inevitable?
How many people didn't vote in last year’s election?
What are the general social & economic positions of the French left-wing & right-wing?
What do South Africans think of Jacob Zuma?
When did Communism become the primary ideology of the Democratic Party in America?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
What is “politics”? How can politics be a part of the process of conciliation of the interests in a society?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
How do you fight off the feeling that no matter what you do, nothing will change about American politics?
The US Constitution is based on the doctrine of the separation of powers. How does this doctrine keep the three branches of govt. separate?
Why are there so few monarchies in the world today?
Did Erdogan offer Trump to enter Raqqa with the Turkish military to prevent SDF from doing it?
Why is almost every country controlled by old greedy men?
How do you picture 'Life' in a Perfect Utopian Society?
How is Mumbai different from Thane politically?
What does the mayor of London do besides taking selfies and neglecting the crime rate in the city?
How is it possible that Naxals continue to be active, without local politicians being 'hands in gloves' for votes?
Why are people saying that the Democratic party is currently experiencing an "identity crisis"? Is the GOP not also experiencing an identity crisis?
How can Justin Trudeau reconcile a 15 billion dollar military aid package to Saudi Arabia with his 'apparent' liberal values?
What is so important about politics to you?
What are some outrageously false myths/canards that persist among liberals and progressives?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
Does Modi have international influence and can he alter international politics?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
If a person is acting President during a president's first term and becomes president 2 years into the second term, can they be elected twice?
Is it fair to draw comparisons between the current political landscape in Washington and the years leading up to the collapse of the Roman Republic?
Should there be an upper age limit for voting, or should 16-year-olds be allowed to vote?
How realistic is the idea of the United States of Europe?
What is one way to unite the left and right sides of the political spectrum so that they engage in productive rather than inconclusive debates?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why did the CIA support a coup in Brazil in the 60s that overthrew a democratic regime?
Why does someone want to be politically correct while answering questions?
How great is UC Berkeley's international relations/political science division? Are the teachers abrasive?
How do I go about Australian politics if I want to become a politician? What should I do?
Are liberals only liberals because of the lack of racial "diversity" in their states?
I'm 10+2 now, what do I do to become a politician?
What is the role of a union state minister? Why does it exist?
What political views and policies would lead to the least problems?
What is it really like to be a conservative or “right” leaning individual within academia?
Why is Modi silent on Hindu extremism?
Is the U.P. chief minister married?
Did BJP have a mandate for the presidental election?
Who do you respect the most, in the political party that you oppose?
Why do Liberals ignore social/labour policies?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
Do Democrats have any logical arguments as to why it might not be the time for the US to embrace right-wing fascism?
Is a socialist, libertarian, and rationalist country the solution to all problems?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
How do I convince a socialist that socialism doesn't work?
How do past US presidents stack up with Canadian prime ministers?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
In France, when a mayor is appointed minister, is he still the mayor of his city?
How is democratic socialism different to democracy?
What do political terms like left, right, socialists and communalism mean?
Why do some groups of people hate politics and hesitate to vote?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
What would you do if you were the dictator of India with full power?
Can the political questions on Quora be any more passive aggressive?
Why is much of the political spectrum of Quora filled with bitter, angry people?
What do the people wish from our politicians?
Why is the male versus female argument getting more bitter with every passing day?
Why do political parties need funding in countries like the US and the UK?
Is the Satanic Temple a political organization?
Does Enda Kenny's resignation indicate that the next Irish general election could occur soon?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
How bad will the Democratic Party look and suffer if their Russia hunt comes up empty?
What can be done to prevent politics from bringing out the worst in people?
How would you feel if you interfered with a foreign country's election and got away with it?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What's China political system? How well is it working for people?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
Is it possible that the "red prosecution" during the McCarthy era has something to do with Hollywood being overwhelmingly liberal?
What is it like to hold nationalist and conservative views in a liberal university? What would happen if you speak your opinion?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
Assuming the mass public being the underlying driving factor of today's political polarization, what are the possible negative consequences?
Why is public funding for the arts rarely a substantive issue in American politics?
My "secular" London state school allows Muslim students to pray, but provides seperate rooms for boys and girls. Is this endorsing Islamic sexism?
What do mainland Europeans think of the UK?
Why is the actor Rajinikanth willing to enter politics in his old age?
Why are Democrats so careful to say Nazi and not National Socialist? It is a strange obsession.
Why does Tehran produce so many conservative mayors?
What are the major differences between the political ideology of the APC and the PDP in Nigeria?
Is Communism in India real?
Should there be a term limit for serving in Congress?
What would be the likely result of a referendum in Nigeria on the subject of each Geo-political zone breaking away from the country?
Why would YouGov not ask someone which Prime Minister they would vote for, even though they’ve made it clear they’re interested in politics?
Is it merely a coincidence that Japan and South Korea are the most developed non-western countries and the US has the biggest military bases there?
Who benefited most from Marxism, rightists or leftists?
Should people in Venezuela get violent and threaten execution for President Maduro?
What is a pigeonhole in congress?
Which of ideologies and systems of fascism/nazism and Soviet communism posed the greater threat to liberal democracy in the twentieth century? Why?
What is inherent flame?
As an individual, how would you feel if you were called up to war given the world's current crises?
Are you tired of false equivalence arguments by Kremlin trolls arguing that liberal democracy is just as bad as Putin's corrupt kleptocratic regime?
In what way are politics affected by social media?
Why are there so few brown senators?
Had Prachanda (Pushpa Kamal Dahal) been good for Nepal as a Prime Minister?
Can someone give reasons to vote for NOTA?
Does the political left stand for homogeneity or heterogeneity?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
If a POTUS campaign was found to have used unlawful means, would that disqualify the Vice President as a successor to the impeached President?
Did Hitler give Germans "false pride," like how Putin is doing with bold talk of Russian destiny?
How can Rajni change the dynamics of Tamil Nadu politics?
How would you sum up the communist government?
What are the qualities to be maintained to become a politician?
Who is the best politician in Andhra Pradesh?
Which Political Party Leader would you most like to go have a pint with?
If Trump were to resign, would the "Resist" movement target Pence next and refuse to cooperate with him as well?
Considering Obama's love of Cuba, communism is still okay, so why can't we have fascism?
Why are most democratic presidents lawyers and most republican presidents businessmen or military men before they go into politics?
Is Viktor Orban a dictator?
If being liberal means being open, and generally tolerant, why do so many people ask why "liberals" are so intolerant?
Why are the white people in the Midwest less worldly than the white people in other parts of the US?
Does the Turkish Prime Minister no longer have any power or meaning?
Why are some political members and leaders corrupt?
How many elected presidents in the world became dictators?
What is post-truth politics? Is it post-truth politics in India now?
What is the common man's opinion of Lalu Prasad Yadav? Is he really a corrupt person, or is that a media creation?
How does the protection of the US President compare to that of the Queen of United Kingdom? Or the Prime Minister?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
How would libertarians get from here to their model society?
Does not having the right to breed and have children enforced by a government seem like a bad idea?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
Will either voters or the top 1% care if a presidential nominee has a bachelor’s degree from an online school or extension university?
All BJP and Congress supporter know that both are filled with corrupted people, but they follow them blindly after knowing this. Why?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
Why weren’t the words socialist and sovereign added to the constitution earlier?
What can the Indian liberals learn from the Indian right wing?
Is national investigation agency of India good place to work? Is it free from any political influence?
How many mistakes does a party in a civil case make for the opposing party to say it is absurd?
Would it be possible to craft a new party in the US that appealed to the political center?
What should local government do?
Do you think if actor Rajinikanth gets into TN politics next year, will he win the next state election and become CM?
Why has the world suddenly become interested in stabilizing somalia after ignoring it for over 20 years?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
Are there any politicians who hold a resemblance to Theodore Roosevelt?
Who protects the Prime Minister of Singapore?
What is the link between Neo-liberalism and capitalism?
What is your view on Rajinikanth’s political entry?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
Ex-communists, what made you leave communism?
What would happen if all politicians disappeared?
Which political parties are pro points-based immigration in the UK?
Why is MN so liberal?
How do you start a political organization in your hometown?
What is your opinion on the level of political knowledge among youth in India?
How will the backlash against Trump affect the political direction of the country over the next decade?
Who was New Zealand's greatest prime minister?
If Obama were president again, what things could he be doing better (due to his experience)?
Does the ruling party have any role in the Election Commission, like appointments, etc.?
How can I respectfully disagree with someone with opposing political views?
What are the political issues in the 21st century?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
Can the use of propaganda be justified?
America seems to be politically divided as never before, and it seems to be getting even worse. When will this polarization stop?
Is San Francisco a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Is anyone concerned that democracy is falling down to communism and is being sold away by a 'die-hard' capitalist? For example, Putin and the KGB defending the USA?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
Why do Americans call themselves either liberal or conservative?
What can we expect from Rajnikant being in politics?
Is Texas a conservative utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more conservative?
Is Indian politics becoming BJP and anti BJP political parties rather than policy based political parties? Why?
What indirect benefit do political parties get from the President (as they are so keen to bring the President of their choice)?
Will an impeached president have his portrait in the hall of presidents?
Did Shiv Sena crush communists in Mumbai? Why and how?
What was the political impact of the Suez Crisis on both French and British politics?
Why are communists in India always anti-Hindu? Does communism mean anti-nationalism?
Who is the most powerful yet morally good political leader today? What impact have they had, and why are they who they are?
Which contemporary potilical theorists are recommended regarding political participation in unconventional terms?
What hypothetical scenarios would destroy the Tories government before the General Election 2017?
What is the main reason that members of the RJD threw stones and were violent on the road? Was this suitable for such a ruling national party of the state?
Are there any people who reached incredible success by being a follower and not a leader?
In the UK, should I spoil my ballot or just not vote?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
Why are yogis becoming politicians in India?
What's the closest term to 'Capital Communism' in political ideologies?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
What is the poll where the UKIP voters are going to vote for this general election?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
Are people's political views determined by their news sources?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Would you prefer to live as an average citizen in China or the USA? Why?
Who are the most trustworthy and fair-minded voices in the American political landscape?
What are some examples of political nationalism?
Why don't we see any politician talking about the end of reservations, including PM Modi?
Which political parties are good for the country?
Has the Green Party of England and Wales always been left wing?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
Should the prime minister, POI and CJI of my country participate in an election campaigning for one party?
What is the logical structural solution to social, economic, environmental, and political problems, injustices, and degradation given a market state?
Has any political party or leader raised any voice against reservation till today?
What would have happened if Darth Maul and Savage Opress had killed Darth Sidious/Chancellor Palpatine in 20 BBY?
What is the federalist system of government?
China is investing billions of dollars in Pakistan, but is it worth with the rising extremism in Pakistan?
Why can't there be a chief minister for India?
What is the difference between social protest and national movements?
Frankly speaking, with all the differences in values, who is the world's best leader?
What is a regime change?
Is it possible to form a third ideology (other than capitalism and socialism)?
How do you define and operationalize political freedom?
Do you try to understand the Turkish point of view when it comes to EU-Turkish relations?
Can I get asylum in Italy being a political party member?
Do Democrats /Liberals want Nuclear War with Russia and kill millions of people? How can democrats/Liberals can be irresponsible?
What do people think about Macron’s new government after he unveiled the list of ministers?
How do citizens of tyrant Arab states feel about political life?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
Does double jeopardy apply with a presidential clemency?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
Can you truly say Hillary Clinton, and her Washington elite, would be doing a better job?
Do libertarians tend to be people fortunate/privileged enough that “big government” really is their biggest obstacle to further wealth/power?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
Why have all the communist regimes in history been fascist and destructive to the economy?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
Are there (quite apart from the question of formal legality) any similarities between tipping, bribery, and political lobbying business practices?
Why do other developed democracies (US, Canada, France) use ballot paper for voting instead of EVMs?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, and communism doesn't give any motivation to the people, is it still a good idea?
What is Political Obligations and what are it's theories from liberal perspective?
Why do liberals want to shut down free speech?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
How do I find a neta (a politician) online?
It breaks my heart to see political leaders dividing my country for their own benefits. Isn't there any way to reunite people?
Are there academic theories of power capable of explaining the actual dynamics of conspiracies?
How do you think political discourse could be improved on Quora?
Would a two-party system be better for the Philippines than the current multi-party system is?
What is the distinction between politicians and IAS officials in the administration?
Was Schubert politically active?
Do ex-presidents miss being president?
If you get a chance to end the political career of 3 Indian politicians, who would they be?
How is the election date declared?
What is the future of nationalism?
If you would be a president, which country will you choose?
What would happen if all the countries on Earth will be destroyed completely except one?
Why is the US becoming progressively a socialist-imperialist country?
Why is AK not behaving like an IITian, but rather like a corrupt politician?
How many female presidents or prime ministers or chancellors are there currently?
Do most flat Earthers share any particular political ideology?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
What is the job description or duties of a member of parliament in Canada?
What would a global society be like with a hybrid of the best ideals of both capitalism and communism & a value system with worth based individually?
Why do we still label China as a Communist nation, while most of its values have greatly strayed from communism?
Why should a politician go for strategic campaigns?
Do political leaders with children take more wise decisions when they impact the future of the world than those who don't have ones?
Would it be a good idea if Indian MPs and MLAs conducted townhalls in their constituencies?
Why are patriotic people considered Right Wingers in India?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
How can an average person become a president?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
What is the actual difference between the left and right political views, globally?
What happens to local campaign donations when your candidate loses?
How should US respond to the political turmoil in Venezuela at the OAS?
Will our politics ever be unified and bipartisan again?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
Is a real democratic world government viable?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
Where does the Kim Dynasty get its inspiration from on how to run a totalitarian dictatorship?
Is it true that pro right wing Jagmohan ruined the situation of Kashmir and turned the political issue into a religious issue?
Which political point of view has killed the most people in history, besides survival?
I am interested in politics but I cannot start a career in my home country because it is corrupted and violent. What are my options?
What is Shah Waliullah’s ideology?
Why is it so hard to defend and so easy to attack in politics?
How is cultural Marxism influencing European and American politics?
Is democracy sustainable?
Have you ever got humiliated by a political party's member for your religion?
How would world politics change if a mile-wide asteroid strikes Moscow along with all the key Russian politicians?
Should the Democratic party change it's name?
Why is it so easy to be corrupted by power and what sets apart those who handle power well?
Are Chinese politicians all soulless psychopaths like American politicians?
Where is direct democracy possible?
At Eurovision 2017 (last night), did the German host raise the Nazi salute just before voting?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
What are the liberal and conservative views on affirmative action and the economy?
Are anarchists advocates of federalism or confederalism?
What are the political and economic characteristics of a communist system?
What are the diffrences between passive and agressive secularism?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
Why is it that people are so put off by others with differing views, i.e. politics, religion, sexual preference, etc.?
What are the different kinds of Democrats?
Did Boris Yeltsin undermine the ideals of the Russian democracy?
What is the difference between bureaucracy and politics?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
What are some great features of past and present communist countries?
Should leftists support Rojava?
Why do we avoid political facts and viewpoints that contradict our own? Why are honest, formal debates so rare nowadays?
What do Germans think of the victory of Angela Merkel's CDU in North West Westphalia?
Since power attracts the worst, wouldn't it be better if MPs/MoC were chosen at random from among all people having at least a master's degree?
Why are bureaucrats accountable to a congress?
Has political discourse gotten out of control?
How does one convert a communist populace to capitalist populace?
How are countries like the UK and France able to have multiple political parties?
What could be the outcome of not participating in the election?
How would you teach Trump in Political Theory or a course about Conservatism?
According to William Rickards, how do dictators rise to power?
If President Trump were to illegally delete conversations he had previously taped, how would the public ever even find out?
What is the difference between religion and a political doutrine?
Will the Tories get a massive majority in the 2017 general election?
How can I get involved in politics at the age of 14-15?
What is the difference between center right and center left politics?
What is left and right wing in Indian politics?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
Is voting for independents in the upcoming Senate and House elections a good idea to end partisanship in Congress?
How do liberals rationalise being both anti-capitalist and pro-immigration?
What are some bad things that Betsy Devos did or is planning on doing?
Where can I find “Country: President: :State: Governor” questions to practise?
Is "political correctness" the same as "free speech"? If so, why?
Who are the key political philosophers regarding political representation?
Should more politicians worldwide join Quora?
Why are there so many right wing pro BJP people on Quora?
Can I get in legal trouble if I make a mobile game ripping off politicians, with the intention to generate revenue?
What do you think about Aung San Suu Kyi after one year in charge of Myanmar?
How can I become a member of Parliament in Canada?
What kind of career should a future presidential candidate pursue in order to become a president?
Is it reasonable to break up with someone you're in love with, because of their politics?
How does philosophical pragmatism relate to political liberalism?
Was using Patton as a decoy during the Normandy invasion a strategic decision or a political one?
In the UK general elections, what determines which candidates appear on ballot papers?
What political leader said, “A house divided against itself cannot stand'?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
What will China do if Vietnam renames itself as China?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
Which party should win the Karachi elections?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
What is the purpose of censorship in China?
What are the salient features of democracy?
What new ways of organizing society would historians expect to see after secular democracy?
Should the AAP still be credited as the face of alternative politics?
Why don't people recognize that communism is contrary to human nature?
What is the “country: president: : state: governor” type of question called?
What are the political ramifications of McMansions?
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Is Macron an exceptional politician and will he turn around France?
What kind of pictures do you see in your media about your own and others’ countries, when it comes to information about a political decision?
If there were an impeachment, could it be multiple (president, VP, Sec. of State, etc.)?
Would Distributism be an effective alternative to Capitalism and Socialism/Communism?
Why do people become socialists?
What are state general elections?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
How did the Viet Minh help decolonise Indochina economically and politically?
Why does everyone become corrupted in nowadays?
Would a highly politically-active left-wing woman consider dating a right-wing man, despite their radical differences in opinion?
Who should I support in Indian politics?
What were Margaret Thatcher’s social views?
Can a government servant join a political party?
Does the DPRK president Kim Jong-un travel overseas, like to visit Russia, China, etc.?
What would be the solutions for political instability?
What did your political party stand for in the past, which it doesn't now?
What does Kapil Mishra want to show by showing two blank cheques without dates in front of media?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
Why is it important to know residential mobility patterns?
Would it be an economic and political advantage if neighbours of India consolidate to form a single nation?
What would it take for you to seriously consider a US politician on the opposite side?
Will Western democracies ever cease to exist due to shifting attitudes and values?
What are the ideologies of the various French political parties? Who are centre left and centre right, etc.?
How many vice presidents are there?
Why do people now identify as a political entity rather than as a rational human with many views, some liberal, some conservative, some absurd?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
I’m planning to join active politics. I have decided the party but feel it's better to attract them and earn an entry. What should I do?
Why is everyone offended by everything and feel the need to bash people to "defend" their own views?
How would you construct a question (or title for an article) that includes religion, race, politics, Trump’s election and the Civil War?
Do you ever fantasize about world domination?
How do lawyers and political advisors use dirty rhetorical tricks to tarnish opponents and their positions?
What are the obstacles of the libertarian movement, outside of the USA?
How do leaders who are perceived as 'enemies', know that they won't be arrested when they visit western countries?
Where can I find polls showing what country Democrats feel they are loyal to?
To what country are US Senate democrats loyal exactly?
What do people mean when they say becoming a military general is "political"?
Do Russian/Israeli politicians do minority appeasement to get votes like Indian politicians?
What are the chances of the SC and ST reservation system getting abolished if BJP comes to power in Rajya Sabha?
How does a politician become a political party member? Can the respective party simply say "no, we don't want you"?
Why is it a big deal for Congress to use its subpoena power?
Why don’t Indian politicians question their low salaries?
Who is the most stylish politician?
What are some examples of centrifugal and centripetal federations?
What do you find interesting about political philosophy?
North Korea stated that they were prepared to talk to the US but less than an hour ago have reportedly fired a ballistic missile! Where is this going?
Can you call a former president Mr. President?
How do unpopular politicians manage to get re-elected?
What do you know about Sunil Mishra, the political strategist?
Can an MLA of a Dissolved State Assembly vote in India's President Election?
Will we ever see new Communist states again?
What is the benefit of the 2 party political system if progress is stalled or reversed whenever the party majority shifts from one election cycle to the next?
Who is the most corrupt politician in Andhra Pradesh?
Have you ever known anyone who made good on their promise to leave the country if so-and-so was elected?
If majority can't decide what is discriminatory towards minorities, how should such discriminations be legislatively defined in a democratic state?
Why is Texas seen as the face of conservatism?
What happens if Rajnikanth joins politics?
What are the relationships like between the UN's veto-holding country leaders, but also Germany?
Is there a viable argument for choosing British Parliamentary candidates through Open Primaries?
How do I deal with the fact that everywhere I go, there are politics? There are office politics mainly. What are they, & how does one get the hang of them or become good at them?
Which political party did Rajinikanth support in the 90s?
Is the only problem with communism the lack of incentive to work? If so, how can you fix it?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
How do libertarians and conservatives square the fact that communist China has been so successful at capitalism?
When was Ram Rajya established?
Have you ever met some swami or a powerful leader?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
What is the best reply to "Jaanta hai mera baap kaun hai"?
In Western countries, are presidents, prime ministers, or chancellors the people's representatives?
Some countries have a President as well as a Prime Minister. What are their roles?
Has anyone gone on a political journey from one ideology to the next?
What are some books that are in favor of the political, and philosophical ideology of fascism? As well as the failures of other political systems.
What is France’s type of government?
How much time does it take for people to realize how bad and corrupt-minded a politician is?
Who was the first chief minister of UP?
Is there any data proving that the political right is rising world-wide?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
Will the cold war the U.S. has with North Korea turn into a hot one sometime soon?
In a democracy, what can a far right party actually do?
Why are politicians usually not the most intelligent and wisest people, but somehow manage to represent the population’s interests?
What are the policies that the Congress and other political parties had planned to form but that the BJP government successfully formed and implemented?
Are you afraid of what may potentially happen to the United States and the world under the tenure of Donald Trump, and why?
How can the criminalization of politics be avoided?
What are the chances that the EVM tamperings could only be a hoax? If not, how scary is this revelation?
What else is going on in U.S. politics in May 2017 that prompted Comey to garner such distracting attention?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
In UK politics, can anyone explain each of the parties' values in simple terms?
What is the European Union's stance on transhumanism?
What is the difference between the adjournment and suspension of the House of Parliament?
How is liberal Houston able to thrive in anti-urban right wing Texas?
Would people vote for a person with Asperger’s for president?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
Has there ever been a film which has caused protests, riots, violence, or tomatoes thrown at in cinemas?
Are first world countries other than the US more civil in political matters?
How would you appraise your current government?
Who is the most fashion-forward politician of all time?
Is Liberalism a religion?
Is it really that hard to understand that Liberals are patriotic?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
Do you think Trump has actually bugged the White House?
Do all British parties use electoral gender quotas?
Given the political atmosphere, will we see more citizens leaving America?
Is it acceptable to abstain from voting?
How do I answer this type of questions in AIIMS 2017 ? "Country: President: : State: ? (A) Governor (B) Minister (C) Chief minister (D) Citizen"
Why is fascism rising in the Netherlands?
Are people who have traveled a lot in the world less prone to dogmatic beliefs and untruthful propaganda?
Why do particulate political party representative attend Arnab Goswamy kind of television debate to get trashed like this whatever the matter is?
Is there really a problem with human rights in China?
Wasn't there a time when right wing people were suspicious of Russia?
Can a political party manipulate India’s EVM?
Is there any correlation between parties within EU (in terms of ideology)? Like what do CDU/CSU in Germany correspond to in Austria/Switzerland/Britain/etc.?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
Do you think politics works in offices and undeserving candidates get more advantages ?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
How can I win an election as a short male?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
Why does the term international relations have a much wider meaning than international politics?
Is it better for school board members to be elected or appointed?
Should postgraduation be made compulsory to fight the election of a member of the legislative assembly and a member of Parliament?
When did being "anti-Israel/anti-Zionist" became a leftist stand and why?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
Which quality would you prefer in a politician first 'honesty' or 'his/her respect in society'?
Are there political parties among communists, or all they all pretty close to the same?
What is meant by right-wing politics?
What would happen if a state like California decided to leave the Union?
Would people from Germany vote for someone that moves there and becomes a politician?
Why are fascist ideologies considered “extreme right”, when they are in reality in the center of the political spectrum?
Who elects the national and state political party president and secretary in India?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
How did you come to be a liberal or a conservative?
What would have happened if Molotov et al. were not purged by Khruschev?
Why is the BJP silent over the dirty politics of Mamta Banerjee?
Do you know someone who is intelligent but acts like a fool? Why do they do that?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
Why don't Democratic politicians and the left-wing media condemn violent protests more?
Why isn't the current political Zionism considered to be equivalent of a right-wing extremist ideologue?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
In the UK, is it impossible for a political party to win power without the support of right leaning newspapers such as Mail, Sun and Express?
In Australian voting, if at least two have the same amount of votes, which one is going to be terminated first?
What is the purpose of taking away a felon’s right to vote?
Who is third in line to become president should a president not be able to finish his/her term?
Why is the United States so concerned with other nuclear programs? If nuclear weapons are so awful, then why does the United States have them?
Why can't India have a political system like that in the US?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
What is main theoretical divide between Political Science and Public Administration as social science disciplines?
What would be the pros & cons of an election law requiring any donations to a political campaign to come from a person or business within the polity?
What is the difference between an Indian and a national?
Why is it so important to build an organisational structure for any political party?
Why do so many different people/ideologies use the term "socialism"?
Do you see a striking similarity between Trump and Zuma of South Africa?
What is the difference between institution and organization?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
Who is the most corrupt politician in Pakistan and why?
Why don't countries throw dice to select politicians?
Is it true that Putin amassed a huge amount of wealth during his political career? What will happen to it after his death?
What is the influence of the National Emergency proclamation (Article 352 )?
What are the pros and cons of Estonia getting the first AI member of parliament?
Considering that mostly Democrats commit gun violence in the US (98 percent), will gun control laws give them easier targets to shoot at?
Why don't socialists advocate equal distribution of sexual pleasure?
What are some characteristics of a parochial political culture?
Are there any cabinet ministers with doctorates in Singapore?
What are some model aftermath results of countries that underwent regime change caused by external powers?
Why do only few monarchies exist today?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
What is the best party system?
Should we continue to support the two party system?
Would a TV series that has conservative instead of liberal bias be watchable?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
Is America still safe for democracy?
Is Social Democracy a branch of capitalism or socialism?
What would a Graphologists' analysis conclude about Donald Trump’s signature?
Why has the EC gone silent on EVM Hackathon?
How accurate was the account of the early development of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle as depicted in the HBO film, The Pentagon Wars?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
Who do you think should be the next prime minister, and why?
The President just said "In America, we don't worship government; we worship God". Should he be portraying all Americans that way?
Shouldn't the party you vote for get that vote and not be given to another party?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
What is Democraci?
Why the Right Drive seems to have trouble gaining traction in the continental Western Europe?
Would you date someone with opposing political views? Is it a deal breaker or irrelevant?
What factors is much likely to change the party systems?
What is the difference between politics and law?
Who prefers and spends more on the provision of global public goods? Is it left- or right-wing parties?
What are Emmanuel Macron's chances of fulfilling his campaign pledges?
When was the last time politics did massive good for humanity?
Is there a correlation between the anti-vaccination movement and political ideology?
Is UPSC the right choice for me if I'm not interested in politics?
How do governments rob people?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
How has mankind acquired the authority to conquer nations in order to "civilize" indigenous people? Does politics define morality and goodness?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
Will Sally Yates run for President?
What is the political future of Mamta in West Bengal?
Why do liberals earn a bad rep lately?
Why are the politicians demonizing Russia? Doesn't that increase the risk of WWIII?
What was the political condition of India at the time of the Turkish invasion?
How public opinion, influenced by the media are threat to democracy?
If you’re a political leader of India’s democratic party and you won, what would you do?
How do politically strong people survive in a company than technically stronger persons?
What is the best way to be elected president or prime minister as an independent?
Is centrism a good solution to the politically left and right?
Does Baijayant Jay Panda think that politics is more about bashing the opponent than self retrospection?
Did France write its own death note by not electing Marine Le Pen in the recent French election?
Why do most oil producing countries have a bad goverment?
Could the relentless impugning of the Russians and accusing Russians of fiendish actions, by US political parties, start WWIII?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
Why can’t politicians be responsible for false promises during an election?
Is our democracy hacked?
Which EU countries have more immigrants from the UK than emigrants to the UK?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
How do bureaucrats keep their political affiliation away from motivating or impeding their work depending on the political party in power?
Are Tamils generally more left wing or right wing?
What are the problems of political obligation?
To what extent was Spain a fascist state?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
How do most of the people speak about the ruling party, whatever party is in power?
What role could AI play in governance?
"Optics" has suddenly become a popular political term. How did this just develop?
Without using EVM's, how can elections be conducted in fair manner?
What would be the solution to the problem "winning elections without money "?
Who is/was the most controversial American politician post 1900?
Why has political speech become so hateful and divisive, and why has real tolerance become so rare (yet constantly preached)?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Is there election prediction software?
What is the political condition of Tamil Nadu now?
In the U.S. how successful are authoritarian politicians?
If you had your way, whom would you choose as the President/Prime Minister of your country?
Is fascism similar to mercantilism?
Is India fine as a democratic country or it needs a dictator to rule?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
Why do so many poor people in the UK vote Tory when the party so blatantly favours the rich?
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
If liberals had the option to replace the rude but politically moderate Trump with a far more conservative but more PC President, would they?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
What is the main theme of international political economy?
What is the Marxian perspective on political obligation?
Will the time come when people can be free to choose between a socialist and capitalist system?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
Would Meral Aksener form her own political party, run for president in 2019, or neither?
Which is the most powerful country till now?
What are the main factors and reasons the alt-right and the left are currently rising in today's politics?
Why are the Democrats fighting Trump so hard?
Can you question/trust the agencies under the democratic rule?
Can double taxation be used to fight corruption in any nation? If yes, how?
Why do you oppose the legalisation of cannabis?
My boyfriend and I have a major political view differences, should I see this as a problem to our future? Should I be concerned for this?
Who are some of the best politicians India had?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
Who is your favourite politician?
Why don't more people support world government?
What if 9/11 never happened? How would this have affected the world politically and economically?
Why didn't our PM Modi utter a word about the person who was beaten by a Shiv Sena politician (the flight incident)?
Why do so many politicians say they hate politics?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
Is it a mistake for the United States to trust a communist country like Vietnam?
Which living US politician/public figure would make for the least divisive POTUS?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
What is a democratic republic government?
Since "progressives" are now actually "regressives", will the right wing be the new home of free-thinking liberal ideology?
How would Iranians be able to get rid of their dictatorial Ayatollah regime?
Why can’t even one Republican stand up and admit that Kellyanne Conway makes absolutely no sense?
Should world leaders consider morality in the conduct of international relationships?
Why is it bad for the prime minister to meet with the ethics commissioner?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Is there a conservative agenda at Bethune-Cookman University?
What would happen if the UK became a Republic, not a monarchy?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
Are the personalities of high elected officials similar to those of kings and queens even if they don't hold the position for life?
How can I become a politician without having a political background?
Why doesn't Malia Obama go to a community college?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Will you vote TMCP again, & why?
How is popular participation a product of political orientation?
Why do conservatives post so much political ideology thinly disguised as questions?
In Federal court, does a party responding to a "make a complete list of…" interrogatory have to a) explicitly state if the list given is incomplete or b) simply list what the party knows without stating that it is incomplete?
Via social media, I post semi-radical but wholly centrist views criticizing every institution with the principles of US liberty. Should I be in fear?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
Why does people in USA seems to think the next French president, Macron is a left-wing when he is in fact very very right wing?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
What are conservatives trying to prove by asserting that Nazism was leftist?
To what extent does the executive control the parliament?
What do Scandinavians think of democratic socialism?
Is Will Randall a Republican or Democratic?
Who has the power in communism?
Why doesn't China help Vietnam solve corruption by punishing corrupt Vietnamese officials?
Will U.S. voting districts ever be fairly redrawn, and also allow appropriate minority representation, without favoring or disadvantaging either party?
What are the points of Indian politician Seeman are correct, wrong, practical and impractical?
Why does a President who has won a second term get inaugurated a second time? Wouldn't it save money not to have to pay for a second inauguration?
Do you prefer communism or capitalism?
What would Trump need to do in order to get his base to second guess their support?
Are all Indian male politicians “randibaaz” (womanizers)?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
How can Singapore fend off political Islam?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
How relevant is Marxism today in understanding the world we are living in today?
What type of power does a Prime Minister or a President of any country has?
Why didn't Jesus get involved in politics?
Why do we Indians elect a corrupt politician again & again?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
What are the pros and cons of meeting the president?
Are Republicans in favor of a US oligarchy run by an autocrat, similar to the Russian system?
Why are liberals aligning themselves with the issues of the oppressed as a lever to push forward postmodern Neo-Marxism?
Did communism/socialism work in East Germany?
What solutions should be applied for the corrupted countries?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
Why do Indians discuss more politics than any other country?
Is there any way for governments to avoid power corrupting its politicians? If so, how? If not, what part of human nature makes corruption unavoidable?
Is the world enjoying as they watch America decline and fall?
Is there any merit in the allegations raised by Kapil Mishra, ex-Cabinet Minister?
Is there anyone who voted conservative in 2015 and Leave in the 2016 referendum who is thinking of voting other than Conservative on June 8th, 2017?
Why does the West want to destroy Russia?
Are Trump voters new to politics?
Do Americans accept a diversity in political systems?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
Will you support the imposing age limit and educational qualifications for politicians?
What is a counterargument to "money spent on defence should be reinvested into health and education"?
Why is Lalu Yadav still in politics, given the Republic expose?
What are the the duties of the majority whip?
How many members of the Trump Administration would it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What's the most noble thing done by an ideological opponent of yours that didn't involve their changing or challenging their ideology?
Why would you support nationalism?
How was life in the Victorian era for an ordinary person? The aspects I'm asking about are political, social, economical, and religious.
How did ABVP become leader of Indian student politics?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
What is the art style used commonly in political posters called and where does it come from?
Which is more likely: a Christian president or prime minister in a Muslim country, or a Muslim president or prime minister in a Christian country?
How did nationalism grow in Latin America?
Do you prefer communism, socialism or capitalism?
How does the French political system work?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
Why is Congress so powerful?
Why are new Cabinet Secretaries appointed after a President is Reelected?
I know there is a national socialist movement, is there some sort of national capitalist movement?
With the manipulation of the prosecutors' office in the Lezo case, should the Chief Fiscal Maza and the Anticorruption Fiscal Moix resign?
What steps did the PRI take in Mexico to win elections?
What is Maoism, and how does it differ from Marxism?
Is it irony that Trump's catchphrase was "You're Fired" before becoming POTUS and as POTUS he has fired so many people?
Can we Quorans agree that the proper term for the left is "progressives" since they are for the opposite of liberalism?
What do former Canadian prime ministers do?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
If both houses of Congress vote to appoint an independent counsel, can the President veto this?
Do you have to get any university degrees to be the Australian Prime Minister?
What's it like being a center-leaning person watching their country be torn apart by the far left and far right?
What do progressives think of Rob Weir’s answer to “Why is the Libertarian philosophy unpopular?”
Why does the far-right hate Islamic fundamentalists when they have so much in common ideologically?
Are there any statistics available on forecasting failures?
Who is the most handsome politician today in 2017?
What are the difficulties people face in a non-democratic democratic country?
Is there any chance that the Communist Party will come to power in the next 100 years?
If Sanders had won in 2016, would the US government now be more left-wing than Macron's?
Had Brigitte been 24 years younger than E. Macron, what effects could it have had on the results of the presidential election and media discussions?
Has the Lisbon Treaty really made the EU more democratic?
Are the Young Turks, Tim Poole, or any other independent journalist, propagandists when selling their ideology or thoughts on politics?
What would happen if the leader of your country suddenly announced that he/she is actually gay/bi?
What are the definition of politics, government, and political science?
Are Section 527 political organizations subject to rules about private inurement?
What happened to leftism?
How can we get rid of the political parties with all the prejudices these entail?
Should we give anything that is made of atoms equal rights and the right to vote?
Why were the Brazilian Integralists (fascists) pro-union if they were anti communist?
Should we set a limit for political correctness?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
In a parliamentary system, what is the function of a president? How is he/she different than the prime minister? And how is he/she chosen?
What types of anarchism exist?
What is democratic government?
How likely is it that all the countries of the world will one day fully cooperate politically and 100% peacefully?
Is China an example of a one-party system?
Why aren't Trump supporters demanding an independent investigation of allegations against him?
Is Emmanuel Macron best described as being classically liberal?
Are there any political science books which are only about political strategies?
What does Christianity have to do with promoting the coal and oil industry?
What is the best way to describe politics?
What is the correct balance between liberty and equality to guarantee democracy?
Why do these Indian politicians hate their own country in the name of politics?
How many dictators were first elected as President?
What Are Some differences Between Mutualism and Anarcho-Communism?
What is community government?
Who contributed more to the development of India, right-wingers a.k.a. conservatives, or left-wingers a.k.a. liberals?
Am I the only one disgusted with US politics?
What is the difference between right and far right government/media? Similarly, what is the difference between left and far left?
Why do people block for political reasons?
Is there any book to know how American political system works?
What is a list of some of the popular incorrect ideas in politics and the economy? What is a brief explanation of why they are wrong?
Why are Canadian politicians generally less educated?
Can the people of Quora argue for the opposition's political arguments?
What is one political opinion that you refuse to tolerate?
What are the role of caste in Indian politics?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Why are you voting Conservative in GE17?
Did MTV Rock the Vote make a measurable impact on voting?
What happens and who becomes president if the vice president dies?
Should Karnataka state be split?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
How do Super PACs affect elections?
Partisan politics and Trump are clearly hurting the prestige of the world's lead country, the USA. How do you see that ever turning around?
Why are European Politicians younger than American Politicians?
What is the most recent research by Jonathan Haidt on free speech and political correctness on university campuses?
Which books should a person with a sheer interest in politics read?
Has Ravish Kumar ever questioned Lalu Prasad Yadav?
What do Australians think about the attacks on mosques in Australia?
Will artificial Intelligence ever be used to create harmony amongst mankind?
What is the most straightforward statement that triggers liberals?
How does globalization affect the international political economy?
What is the difference between a liberal in the USA and a liberal in Europe?
How can the world function without money in Star Trek?
Why is Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy so popular despite his lesser experience in politics ?
Is religious fanaticism in politics harmful for a democratic setup?
What are the basic differences between left and right politics?
What do you think of the current global wave on ultra-conservatism?
Who was the first president?
Why is there the arrears system? Is there any better system than that?
Most politicians are corrupt or with criminal backgrounds and are greedy for power. Why should bureaucrats who truly work for the country be controlled by them?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
What is the first-past-the-post system?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
Is humanitarianism left wing or right wing?
What are some pictures that show the true character of the P.M., Mr. Narendra Modi?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
Which is the best way to vote with an EV ballot?
Who told Gordon Miller that India is politically unstable, currupt and has infrastructure issues?
Can lawmakers enact legislation for any purpose “in the public interest” or are they limited to those functions which delegate special powers?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
Why do most liberals support socialism but not monetary freedom?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
Is Kejriwal promoting distrust in the system and in democracy to recruit more Urban Naxalites into their fold?
How can you run a country without government?
Is there such a thing called a conservative Democrat like a right wing Democrat rather than the left?
What was the political system created for protection?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
After his term, do you think Donald Trump will write a book? If so, what might it be called?
What is the cost of an average local political campaign in the US?
Why don’t youngsters consider politics to be their profession in future?
Is there really any way to fight corruption?
Can a political party change its name?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
Who is more powerful, a governor or a chief minister?
Why are people in Latin America so much more political than gringos?
Why is there so much politics about Teen Talaak?
What would conservative Muslim opinions look like in US politics?
How significant are political views when determining compatibility in a potential relationship?
Is there any other major political party in the world that denies climate change like Republicans?
What do foreign socialists and communists think about China?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Were the EVM tempered in the last UP election?
Can a coup d'etat happen to oust Trump?
Who is the next CM of Rajasthan?
Should private business owners be able to choose whom they serve? Should antidiscrimination laws be done away with?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Why can't we remove bigots who are leaders of a country?
Has 4chan grown too powerful in terms of its influence in media and politics?
Could a directly democratic country work?
Why didn't Trump treat the Chinese president with a Big Mac as he promised?
Would you fight for your country if it were a monarchy?
What are the causes behind political bosses at centre always giving Bihar a step-motherly treatment?
What are some fundamental flaws with the idea of the afterlife?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
Why do our Indian politicians are expecting VIP treatment unlike their counter part in Western countries?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
What are your views on the Republic Channel and its exposure of various political leaders?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
Are democrats really just mad at Russia for giving up on communism?
What is the impact of social media in politics?
Will BJP's absolute dominance of India's political life good for the Nation?
What/who is the most dangerous group/person in the world?
Why do you think Donald Trump is a bad president?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
Who would you approach to get a first start in politics in Australia?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
Who was the first Canadian president?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
Are there any pro-life Democrats?
Why is World Economic Forum at Davos so good at honoring corrupt leaders to speak at their summit, such as Toledo who is on the run from Interpol?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
Does the modern Right Drive prove that you don't need an economic turmoil to promote nationalist-authoritarian politics?
How do I become an MLA, or at least a Corporator? How do I start? I don't have any political connections or background.
What are the people in Venuezla protesting?
Who is the biggest idiot in modern Indian politics?
Why do we vote by district?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
Is there a foreign policy newspaper that is not left-wing? I would prefer either a conservative or a libertarian one.
Who is better, Ravish Kumar or Arnab Goswami, in terms of raising awareness and having analytical skills?
How and why has Ireland become more liberal?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Are you worried about the lack of opposition in Indian politics after the downfall of Congress?
Why is Jon Ossoff such a war hawk?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
What is the role and impact of the media on contemporary politics?
What are some TV programs that have good debates?
What would be the immediate reaction from people if there was a mass murderer that murdered everyone in Congress/Parliament?
How can I become a political scientist in a country like India? What does a political scientist do?
What is a local election?
Can you imagine being in a corruption free nation? How does it feel?
What nation is most likely to cause World War III? (Which is the nation that will be the "bad guy"?)
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
What percentage of Americans are leftist, centerfield conservatives and right wingers?
Was Lenin a good example of how communism should work?
Is the GOP fracturing?
How the ''sanctity of state'' is the characteristic of a dictatorial regime?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
Is job breadth more important than job depth in motivating workers?
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
If Flynn had been chosen as the vice president, wouldn't that have been a huge embarrassment for our country?
What is your opinion on Saurabh Bhardwaj's EVM demo?
What is the present situation in Indian politics?
MH-17 Tribunal what is that from your point of view? A political farce or something I should learn about law? Besides, I know the public attitude here, in Russia, so I look forward to see what you guys think.
Would the American political system be improved if voters didn't know which party the candidate was from and voted based on their individual platform?
What is your view about the Indian politics?
I want to be politically active in the future, but have some problems with where I stand politically. How do I solve my political dilemma?
How does a bill become a law if the bill was vetoed by the president?
Why do liberals think that Nazism is right wing extremism?
How would a Trump impeachment affect the divide in the United States of America?
Are there any rankings of British MP's by their voting record like the American Conservative Union does for members of Congress?
Why is everyone considering fascism far-right, when it's clearly not for capitalism?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
Is Congress likely to pass Trump's infrastructure spending plan?
Can a country be a monarchy and a republic?
What is the meaning of morality in Indian politics?
Why do conservative Republicans call anyone who does not agree with them liberals?
Is the reason there are more liberals than conservatives because educated right-wingers lean libertarian?
In your country's politics, which are more successful: liberal or conservative parties?
What causes Socialists to want to implement Socialism?
Why can't society just decide not to automate any more jobs, to save jobs?
The U.S. uses a two party voting system. Do you think a two party system is effective?
What are the major political factors affecting international business?
What are the differences between neo-Nazis and National Socialists?
Why is Lenin glorified by Marxists and socialists when he was a brutal murderer and dictator?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
What are push and pull factors for Syrian refugees?
Do anti-globalists in US oppose international trade in principle or do they simply want different rules?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
When someone, especially a politician, says that America is a center-right country, what definition of center are they using?
What is the importance of the political ecology of health?
Why do the Korean political parties keep changing names?
What is the major impact of Republic TV on Indian politics?
Which is better, a monarchy or a republic?
Why is Mexico's GDP now larger than that of Russia's? Are the sanctions against Russia beginning to take its toll?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
How is Macron both social liberal and neoliberal?
Would you approve of a war (maybe political, racial, or economic) between citizens and how would you survive it?
Are fascism and communism both derived from socialism?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
Why, in politics, did the right become left and the left became right so many times? What is really left and right in politics?
What is a “mean politician”?
How can you outperform in too much office politics?
Who are the dictators, albeit infamous, that contributed to their country in any positive way?
What are the most liberal countries in the world and what are some of their most liberal policies?
Did countries prosper under fascism? My great grandfather was from fascist Italy and said it was a much better place than it is today.
Is it worth replying to Bhakts or they should be left on their own fate?
Why is the liberalism moving in the US?
How do I solve my political dilemma?
Who are the most conservative Quora users?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
In what ways are Star Wars politics similar or different to our global politics today?
What is the most complicated political/economic ideology?
What should the political strategy be?
In your opinion, who was the most left/right wing US president?
Would voters be motivated or disheartened to vote for a candidate running in California who had previously worked at the CIA?
Do you believe that liberalism and capitalism are fully compatible?
Has Canada ever abandoned liberalism?
Why would a non-rich person vote for a right-wing party? What benefit would they gain from it?
How is political correctness related to feminism?
I own houses in 2 different states. Can I vote in the municipal and assembly elections of both the states?
Why don't politicians work for the very people who vote for them, knowing that if they deliver only 10-20% of what is needed, that people will vote for them again?
Does a political party and their candidate have separate policies?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
What is your opinion about the Electronic Voting Machines for elections? Are they vulnerable to fraud?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
Why do the leftwing liberals always align themselves with the top 1% of the wealthiest people?
Where are the electoral candidates at during the election day?
What is communication theory in political science?
When will Mark Zuckerberg be running for political office, and which office will it be?
Why does the political left not acknowledge the hypocrisy of the rhetoric that targets their political adversaries as somehow uniquely associated with historic acts of evil when similar rhetoric could be in fact leveled against them with similar truth?
Why are British Indians so powerful and wealthy?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
Is Trump going to pull off the Nixon "I am not a crook" line, or are we already beyond that?
Can a convicted politician/MP/MLA hold the office?
If North Korean freedom rebels overthrow Kim Jong-un, what will the negotiations between the US and South Korea consist of? Will 2 Koreas have a visit?
Does Ali AlShamshi believe in technocratic communism?
What are examples of communist states?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
Will Sally Yates run for office?
What is “left-wing”?
What is it like to be a career politician?
What are some interesting statistics about political ideologies?
Is reservation in education regressive to the development of a country?
What’s your expectation from the local election in Nepal?
If the national average IQ dropped significantly, would it impact the effectiveness of the democratic voting system?
Should politicians be drug tested?
Why is the "establishment" so hated Western politics?
Is the United Arab Republic achievable today or any time soon?
Is the term "liberal" outdated?
Who is the present home minister?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
What is the best way to vote in the general elections?
What are examples of the craziest moments from the political right and left?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
Has the Democratic Party thrown out personal responsibility by inventing political "rights" for identity groups?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
Will the backlash against political correctness get stronger in Australian politics? They are already considering watering down the anti-racism laws.
What would happen if people were penalized for being on the wrong side of a vote in a democracy? Would that necessarily lead anywhere dystopian?
How can I get involved politically as a teenager in Canada?
Why do we rely on polls and statistics when only around 1000 people are sampled?
Have Australian politics stabilized or will we see more prime ministers with shortened terms?
How do Justice Democrats plan to defeat the Democratic Party hacks who prop up its leaders for personal gain?
Will socialism return in France after the elevation of socialist leader Marcon as President?
How do Prime Ministers choose people for Cabinet posts?
Is it true that South African youth have lost interest in politics due to corruption that includes the private use of public resources?
Why is the division of races and religions as important as the division of labor?
What are the main foreign policy principles of Russia?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Is an education in law necessary for politicians?
Is it acceptable in a democratic country like India that a fatwa be declared against someone?
Are you sure you are a liberal?
Considering the political impact of Senate rules, such as the filibuster rule, should such rules be set in stone via a constitutional amendment?
What is the left wing?
What does Gordon Miller think of libertarianism?
Is Vietnam a carbon copy of Communist Yugoslavia?
What is it like for psycopaths to watch election campaigns? (in whatever country)
Is it true that in the next European elections Europeans will vote in Europarties instead of national ones?
What are the causes of the rise of rebirth of nationalism in America and some European nations?
In a non-Islamic country practicing democracy, can a Muslim citizen vote for a non-Muslim government/political leader?
Are there any apps that help teens with forming political opinions?
What are some awesome shayaris for Indian politics?
Do you think the Democrats will nominate someone on the left in 2020?
What is your stance on the Confederate Flag?
Is populism on the rise in Europe?
Why are tariffs bad?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
Why are people saying communism doesn't work, when it basically hasn't been tried before?
Would a dictator help a western country at the present time?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
I need political operatives for my future in us politics. How can I find them?
What if Operation Ajax never occurred? Would Iran be a democracy today?
Should uninformed people vote?
Can a country's political parties be streamlined or reduced?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
Is it possible to reduce the level of gamesmanship and deceit in politics, or will human nature always create mendacious operators called politicians?
Why don't political reporters ask politicians where they see areas of potential compromise with the opposing party?
What is the meaning of council of minister?
How does the media affect the distribution of political power?
What happened with Sally Yates?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
What were some major political events which affected Reagan's popularity, before and during his presidency?
Why did the Kochs offer millions to vote against ACA repeal? I'm so confused.
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
How do you define good corruption vs. bad corruption?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
Is there a better way of teaching maths than exclusion?
Has the power of the state declined?
Can you accurately call globalisation a form of colonialism?
If the US and the West hadn’t acted in the way they did, would the soviets have won the cold war?
Are there any countries that are an anarchy to this day?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
What would someone need to do to gain a lot of power over many different countries?
How do you feel about Macron's win in France?
Which country best represents the Democratic vision for America?
Should Iran and Azerbaijan be close to each other?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Why does the US have no prime minister?
In 20 years, will the Tories be hammered in election?
Can alternative science and spirituality change social order and how?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
Do people believe politicians should have experience?
Between a terrorist and a nationalist, what’s more dangerous for a nation?
What are some examples of international organisations causing nation states to act in a way that they wouldn't otherwise, if the international organisation didn't exist?
What is green anarchism?
Are Australia's interests that similar to US interests, or are Chinese commentators right to claim that US bases are "holding a gun to our head"?
Shouldn't Sally Yates run for political office?
How great of a threat were the countries in Indochina to the US and the West during the Cold War?
How close is the world to a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario at this moment in time?
Why does China want to invade the South China Sea?
Is it possible for a centrist party to develop in the USA?
Can you bring an example when a politician (in a democratic country) used religion for political gains?
How is Canada only on its 23rd prime minister when America has had 45 presidents?
What would happen if people in Singapore started to lean towards other political parties other than the PAP? (PAP has always had the majority vote. )
Did John Howard's leadership move Australia's political scene to the right, or did it successfully stop Pauline Hanson from becoming prime minister?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
Why is socialist Venezuela collapsing?
What are the opinions of youth on Indian politics?
Why is Russia supporting leaders with nationalism agenda?
What criticisms of your political party are actually valid?
What change do you see in the current 'NaMo era' politics and the previous years' politics?
I'm neither a Liberal, nor a Conservative, so what am I?
In today's scenario, who is more ethical, politicians or prostitutes?
In what major countries, if any, can a non-native (someone born outside the nation) be elected to the office of president?
How are Italian political polls done?
What major changes are you expecting from Emmanuel Macron, the President of France?
What kind of judge can override the president?
What is the current French political situation?
How can Americans retaliate against Russian for hacking of political races?
What kinds of environments should politics not be involved in?
When will liberals realize that Islam is the problem?
What happened to communism?
Why are some politicians more loyal to the party than the voters?
Who is or was the youngest democratically elected cabinet minister in the world?
Who are some notable politicians who left Socialist Party and joined En Marche?
Why is social media considered good for politics?
What are the differences between the American left and right wing and the European left and right wing politics?
Do people forget that it was mainly Labour politicians that helped to bring in the welfare state and not one flaming Tory politician?
What is the basic definition of socialism and capitalism and what are the differences between them?
Is the politics of 'spin' inevitable in the media age?
To what extent do the media shape political attitudes?
What is the best way to approach a career in politics?
Are left liberals most hypocritical people in the world?
Who is it exactly that's controlling our political parties from behind the scenes, to our detriment?
Which are the democratic countries having fundamental duties in their constitution?
Has Australian politics become more elitist and advocacy-group-driven since John Howard's Prime Ministership? If so, why?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
What is the exact meaning of “Minister of State for Home affairs”?
How do I stop communism?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
Did French President Emmanuel Macron's wife have an affair with a 15 year old student and leave her husband & kids when she was 40 to be with him?
Can I be a communist and not support transgenders?
Are ex presidents private citizens?
Why, when they talk about socialism, do libertarians ignore nations in the EU and elsewhere?
How have people avoided becoming Democrats?
Why are Europe and other countries voting for either such odd or inexperienced political leaders? Is it disillusionment?
Has any large democratic country industrialized as fast as China?
What does it mean if someone participate in a election? Why people vote or don't vote?
What is the Council of Ministers?
Who is Saurabh Bhardwaj?
Why is there a lack of Anarcho-Capitalism or Libertarian Capitalism in India?
Has 4chan grown too powerful in terms of its influence in media and politics?
Is democracy a door wide open to autocracy and despotism?
Suppose you are elected as a Mayor of Dhaka City. What works will you do first to change the city?
What is wrong in being a nationalist?
Why should leftist progressive opinions be absolutely and completely ignored?
Is it a good idea to give citizens control over their taxes via referendum?
Which best describes a liberal or conservative ideology, the glass half empty or the glass half full?
What are some negative impacts of religion on politics?
What happens if a vote of 'no confidence' is passed against a minister?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
When will all this confusion and chaos end in Tamil Nadu politics, regarding farmers, transportation, etc.?
Who was more popular: Putin or Hitler?
Is the Kashmir problem a political one or an ideological one?
What does “Member of Parliament can claim immunity” mean?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
Why were governments formed?
What are the best arguments against Marxist communism?
What is the best way to vote in the general elections?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
What are examples of the craziest moments from the political right and left?
Is paying attention to politics a waste of time?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
Is there any ideal political party in India?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
Which ideology do you think will dominate the world in the distant future of mankind? Leftist, Rightist, or Centrist?
Is a real democratic world government viable?
Is every democracy a failure or it is so in specific countries?
Why are our prime ministers, presidents etc. not professors of economics, politics, international law or something of that sort?
Why are all the Brazilian politicians corrupt?
I am interested in politics but I cannot start a career in my home country because it is corrupted and violent. What are my options?
Nepal’s Prime Minister, Pushpa Kamal Dahal, resigned today. What will be the next series of events?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
In the realm of politics, between Russia and the US, which one is the good guy, and which one is the bad guy?
Which quality would you prefer in a politician first 'honesty' or 'his/her respect in society'?
What do you think of NPO's like Make a difference? Are they really helpful in restructuring our country?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
Would people from Germany vote for someone that moves there and becomes a politician?
What are the flaws of anarchism?
What do Kerala people want/expect from their political party/leader?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
What is it really like to be a conservative or “right” leaning individual within academia?
Why is Modi silent on Hindu extremism?
What are some awesome shayaris for Indian politics?
Why would you support nationalism?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
What is the art style used commonly in political posters called and where does it come from?
How can we common people contribute to our Nation?
Who is third in line to become president should a president not be able to finish his/her term?
If you close your eyes and imagine utopia, what do you see?
What are some examples of wasteful government expenditures?
Is Robert Mueller an unbiased and intelligent enough source to head the Russian investigation?
What is main theoretical divide between Political Science and Public Administration as social science disciplines?
Why is it not possible to vote for the policies you like rather than for a party?
What are some speech topics for national current affairs?
Is it reasonable to break up with someone you're in love with, because of their politics?
When will Lalu Yadav get his punishment?
Why don't political reporters ask politicians where they see areas of potential compromise with the opposing party?
Should the AAP still be credited as the face of alternative politics?
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
What are the flaws of centrism?
Which country is the safest from a dictator taking over?
At this point, is Trump purposely trying to get himself removed from office?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
What are push and pull factors for Syrian refugees?
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Did Hitler give Germans "false pride," like how Putin is doing with bold talk of Russian destiny?
Is there a global political movement towards the right to far right given the campaign of Modi in India, Trump in the USA, Marine in France?
How can Rajni change the dynamics of Tamil Nadu politics?
How do you feel about Macron's win in France?
Why do dictators tend to pass power to their sons rather than their daughters?
Has communism changed the way you see the world?
Would Distributism be an effective alternative to Capitalism and Socialism/Communism?
Considering Obama's love of Cuba, communism is still okay, so why can't we have fascism?
What do you think of Sima Nan?
On May 18, 2017, Jacques Fresco died. How did global politicians react to this fact?
If you became a ruler of a country, what would your rules and regulations be in your country?
Does the Turkish Prime Minister no longer have any power or meaning?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
What do you think about Kejriwal? Is he really corrupt like other politicians?
Would you approve of a war (maybe political, racial, or economic) between citizens and how would you survive it?
Can alternative science and spirituality change social order and how?
How would libertarians get from here to their model society?
Does not having the right to breed and have children enforced by a government seem like a bad idea?
Would you date someone with opposing political views? Is it a deal breaker or irrelevant?
How great of a threat were the countries in Indochina to the US and the West during the Cold War?
What were Margaret Thatcher’s social views?
If there is democracy in the US, why were communists persecuted in the 1940s and 1950s?
Why are our universities​ infected with leftist​ ideology​?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
What advice do you give to a couple who have opposing political stances which lead to lots of fights?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
Why is it important to know residential mobility patterns?
Who is the most successful political leader of Nepal?
What is the political future of Mamta in West Bengal?
Would it be an economic and political advantage if neighbours of India consolidate to form a single nation?
Who is the the newly elected president of France?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
Would Mike Pence, if he didn't become Vice President, have won reelection as Indiana’s Governor?
What is meant by "sovereignty of British Parliament"?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
Do you ever fantasize about world domination?
Would voters be motivated or disheartened to vote for a candidate running in California who had previously worked at the CIA?
What do you think of the class action lawsuits by Sanders supporters accusing the DNC and Hillary of election fraud and paying less than minimum wage?
Will an impeached president have his portrait in the hall of presidents?
Do you think Trump practices willful ignorance and selective bias? Can such strategy work as POTUS?
Are there any people who reached incredible success by being a follower and not a leader?
What is the first-past-the-post system?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
Can you call a former president Mr. President?
Which party will you vote for in the 2017 Gujarat election?
Why does Tamilians can't accept Rajinikanth political entry?
For which country would an Indian have a chance to become the prime minister or president in the near future?
In predominantly Muslim countries, are atheists worse off than Christians?
What is the best way to approach a career in politics?
Who are the most trustworthy and fair-minded voices in the American political landscape?
Which political parties are good for the country?
How can you run a country without government?
Is there such a thing called a conservative Democrat like a right wing Democrat rather than the left?
What is the logical structural solution to social, economic, environmental, and political problems, injustices, and degradation given a market state?
Why aren’t students in politics? Can’t they manage it?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
Some countries have a President as well as a Prime Minister. What are their roles?
Are ex presidents private citizens?
What do you call it when you intentionally bring on an awful representative or a horrible example of an opposing idea in order to strengthen yours?
Frankly speaking, with all the differences in values, who is the world's best leader?
What is the difference between being “anti-political correctness" and being rude?
Why are the Democrats fighting Trump so hard?
Why/how do working class Britons vote for the Tories?
Do you plan on voting or otherwise participating politically when you turn eighteen?
Do Democrats /Liberals want Nuclear War with Russia and kill millions of people? How can democrats/Liberals can be irresponsible?
Why are Hollywood types leftist?
What are some news stories that have have been overshadowed by recent events in US politics?
Does double jeopardy apply with a presidential clemency?
Leftists of Quora, what’y your honest opinion of Titoism?
What suggestions can be given to youngsters who want to enter state politics?
Who was the most ideological/idealistic U.S. president and who was the most Machiavellian/opportunist?
Is anarchism distinct from liberalism?
Why didn't our PM Modi utter a word about the person who was beaten by a Shiv Sena politician (the flight incident)?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What else is going on in U.S. politics in May 2017 that prompted Comey to garner such distracting attention?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
In two sentences, what is the difference between liberals and conservatives?
What is the future of nationalism?
How is the Russian Far Eastern economic region from the perspective of the international political economy?
What would happen if the UK became a Republic, not a monarchy?
What are the best arguments against monarchy?
Is the United Arab Republic achievable today or any time soon?
Why is AK not behaving like an IITian, but rather like a corrupt politician?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Are liberals the new facists?
What/who is the most dangerous group/person in the world?
What was the first form of self-government in the colonies?
From a practical geo-political perspective, should the West put China back under its boot?
To what extent does the executive control the parliament?
Who was the first Canadian president?
Is the communist movement based on a philosophy?
Do all British parties use electoral gender quotas?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
Would Brazil have been more politically stable if it had remained a monarchy?
Is it acceptable to abstain from voting?
Are people who have traveled a lot in the world less prone to dogmatic beliefs and untruthful propaganda?
When did Communism become the primary ideology of the Democratic Party in America?
Who is better, Ravish Kumar or Arnab Goswami, in terms of raising awareness and having analytical skills?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
Is there any correlation between parties within EU (in terms of ideology)? Like what do CDU/CSU in Germany correspond to in Austria/Switzerland/Britain/etc.?
How do Prime Ministers choose people for Cabinet posts?
Is it true that pro right wing Jagmohan ruined the situation of Kashmir and turned the political issue into a religious issue?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Are there any world leaders or former world leaders that use Quora?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
Are Republicans in favor of a US oligarchy run by an autocrat, similar to the Russian system?
Why is it so easy to be corrupted by power and what sets apart those who handle power well?
Are you sure you are a liberal?
Why do many people claim that Macron will turn France over to German hegemony despite his outspoken criticism of massive German trade surpluses?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
Are liberals and their self-interests disbanding the Democratic Party?
How can I become a political scientist in a country like India? What does a political scientist do?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
Why are people saying that the Democratic party is currently experiencing an "identity crisis"? Is the GOP not also experiencing an identity crisis?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
Is there anyone who voted conservative in 2015 and Leave in the 2016 referendum who is thinking of voting other than Conservative on June 8th, 2017?
Could now-former FBI Director James Comey run for president in 2020?
What will be the condition if educated youths jump towards politics?
What are the causes of the rise of rebirth of nationalism in America and some European nations?
When will liberals stop lying?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
What is the name of the Pakistan prime minister today?
Is the U.P. chief minister married?
What is your view about the Indian politics?
What will happen if Mueller's investigation shows that Trump is innocent, regardless of whether Trump's campaign officials are shown to be innocent?
Is it irony that Trump's catchphrase was "You're Fired" before becoming POTUS and as POTUS he has fired so many people?
How does Iran vote?
Would a dictator help a western country at the present time?
Is the party affiliation of tellers at polling stations a good clue if one wants to know how to vote tactically?
Why is it so important to build an organisational structure for any political party?
Do you support street politics and have some relevant experiences?
Why don't countries throw dice to select politicians?
Was using Patton as a decoy during the Normandy invasion a strategic decision or a political one?
What is the influence of the National Emergency proclamation (Article 352 )?
What is the meaning of council of minister?
Can you argue Marxism vs libertarianism as objective as possible, with points made that showcase understanding for both?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
Who is the prime minister of Brazil?
How can an act of parliament be repealed?
What is your view on RSS prescribing fair, tall ‘customised’ babies? Is this dystopia in the womb?
Why do Tamilians don't want Rajinikanth in politics?
Why do politicians say that the American soldiers are fighting for their country, when in fact, they are inside someone else's country?
What is the best party system?
What new ways of organizing society would historians expect to see after secular democracy?
What is the “country: president: : state: governor” type of question called?
What does my political compass say about me?
Should we give anything that is made of atoms equal rights and the right to vote?
What are the differences between neo-Nazis and National Socialists?
What is the good thing from Marxism?
Can you list things that I can protest about?
Which country best represents the Democratic vision for America?
Would solving court cases become easy if, a lie detecting machine, truth serums, a psychologist and a hypnotist are present during a court hearing?
Why do people generally vote for people who probably don't serve their best self-interest?
What is the political situation world wide?
If Trump were to resign, would the "Resist" movement target Pence next and refuse to cooperate with him as well?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
What is the common man's opinion of Lalu Prasad Yadav? Is he really a corrupt person, or is that a media creation?
Can the egoist/individualist anarchism of Max Stirner be considered closer to a national-anarchism than to a traditional left anarchism?
What factors is much likely to change the party systems?
Have there ever been any witches in politics?
Is it possible for a centrist party to develop in the USA?
How does Scandanavian-style socialism differ from the communism we've seen in Venezuela?
Was Deputy AG Rosenstein made aware of a recording of the meeting between Comey and Trump?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
What's the security for political parties in India if they fail in elections?
If Trump nominated Abraham Lincoln as Director of the FBI or to the Supreme Court, would there be strong resistance?
How has mankind acquired the authority to conquer nations in order to "civilize" indigenous people? Does politics define morality and goodness?
Which political parties are pro points-based immigration in the UK?
Why are the politicians demonizing Russia? Doesn't that increase the risk of WWIII?
How public opinion, influenced by the media are threat to democracy?
What criticisms of your political party are actually valid?
Will Western democracies ever cease to exist due to shifting attitudes and values?
How can a young adult start volunteering for a political party?
What is the best way to be elected president or prime minister as an independent?
Why are European Politicians younger than American Politicians?
Is martial law bad (I'm asking this since our country declared martial law about an hour ago)?
In what major countries, if any, can a non-native (someone born outside the nation) be elected to the office of president?
Which books should a person with a sheer interest in politics read?
How do leaders who are perceived as 'enemies', know that they won't be arrested when they visit western countries?
Will artificial Intelligence ever be used to create harmony amongst mankind?
What can we expect from Rajnikant being in politics?
What are some lies told by conservatives?
Is it just a coincidence that "conservatives" who buy into the right wing alternate realities also reject science in favor of faith?
Why is it a big deal for Congress to use its subpoena power?
What is the distinct difference between centralisation and bureaucracy in terms of the Modern State?
What is civil religion?
What are some examples of centrifugal and centripetal federations?
Do you know any good (long) background story articles on the current corruption scandals and political crisis in Brazil (Petrobras, Odebrecht)?
Why can’t India have only the president, thereby we can reduce corruption from so called big political parties?
Without using EVM's, how can elections be conducted in fair manner?
What are the changes today's government has brought in our country?
How do left political parties finance themselves around the world?
Who is the most corrupt politician in Andhra Pradesh?
What politician is similar to Duplessis?
Why has political speech become so hateful and divisive, and why has real tolerance become so rare (yet constantly preached)?
Why, when they talk about socialism, do libertarians ignore nations in the EU and elsewhere?
Can ex presidents refuse secret service protection?
What is your view on recent college protests?
How is federalism practiced?
Has our judiciary hanged any politician till today?
What can I do after graduating with a master’s in international political economy?
Do you think Twitter India is biased against the right wing?
Will Sally Yates run for office?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
I'm a liberal social worker and I got a paper cut at work, should I sue the Russians?
Why doesn't Tulsi Gabbard go back to India and do politics, and leave the presidency to real Americans?
What is the difference between a parliament and a cabinet?
Will there be a separatist movement in Maharashtra and Karnataka in the near future?
Was Schubert politically active?
Do ex-presidents miss being president?
My political science teacher told me that socialism initially runs well, but the countries practicing it will eventually fail. Is this true and why?
What is left ideology?
How can I get involved politically as a teenager in Canada?
Why is there so much falsehood regarding rights, or perhaps is the term ‘Gun deaths’ a distraction from far more important real issues?
Is it true that Democrats are tough on cops, soft on crime?
Why are patriotic people considered Right Wingers in India?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
Why is World Economic Forum at Davos so good at honoring corrupt leaders to speak at their summit, such as Toledo who is on the run from Interpol?
Will U.S. voting districts ever be fairly redrawn, and also allow appropriate minority representation, without favoring or disadvantaging either party?
What would happen if children from 10 years and up were given the right to vote?
What are some things that regular citizens do, but not communists?
How do I find good politicians?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
Will the new FBI director reopen the investigation against Hillary Clinton? Is an indictment likely?
Why is Jon Ossoff such a war hawk?
What does Cambridge Analytica do?
What are the pros and cons of meeting the president?
Can I go into Architecture and still become a politician or the president of a country?
What would be the immediate reaction from people if there was a mass murderer that murdered everyone in Congress/Parliament?
Which is better, Pure Communism or Pure Capitalism?
How can I meet the transport minister of Center/Haryana or Delhi?
Is Donald Trump a good leader?
What does "when a leader speaks, that leader dies" mean?
Can a Vice President be removed from office?
Can Sharia be imposed in our secular Indian democracy by any political party?
Can you imagine being in a corruption free nation? How does it feel?
If a person is acting President during a president's first term and becomes president 2 years into the second term, can they be elected twice?
Is capitalism the invisible monarchy?
Why didn't state socialism work?
What are the the duties of the majority whip?
Why do we avoid political facts and viewpoints that contradict our own? Why are honest, formal debates so rare nowadays?
In regards to Robert Dahl's requirements of a large-scale democracy, what is meant by "associational autonomy" and "inclusive citizenship"?
Is it still OK for a Muslim man (me) and his wife to move to London considering the current situation? Will we be welcomed?
Could the House/Senate block a party/person from voting?
Who is the best politician that modern day Indian people have ever seen?
What is left and right wing in Indian politics?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
Why do some groups of people hate politics and hesitate to vote?
Why aren't more political parties multinational?
What are the proper functions of governments?
What are some examples of political corruption in the U.S.?
Who is the most badass politician ever?
Who are the list of candiates of the election 2016 and what party is far right and racist?
Should more politicians worldwide join Quora?
What do progressives think of Rob Weir’s answer to “Why is the Libertarian philosophy unpopular?”
What would happen if Kim Jong Un converted to Islam?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What is the difference between institution and organization?
What happened to all of Marine Le Pen's support in the second round?
What causes Socialists to want to implement Socialism?
Who is the most famous British politician of all time?
What will China do if Vietnam renames itself as China?
Has there ever been a benevolent dictator who made their country better without exploiting the nation's wealth for personal gain?
What is the purpose of censorship in China?
What are the salient features of democracy?
What is your view on ICJ's verdict on former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav? Is it a major setback for Pakistan in the global arena?
Is Arvind Kejriwal the only honest politician present in Indian politics at the moment?
How do you define good corruption vs. bad corruption?
If Dwayne "The Rock" really does run for president as an independent candidate, are Americans ready to vote for someone not from a major party?
Do you agree that Donald Trump and Saudi Prince Salman are the most dangerous men in the world & they are meeting this Sunday to declare war on Iran?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
What is inherent flame?
Why are the French stereotyped as being cowards who surrender all the time?
Who is the most powerful living person most people have never heard of?
What kind of pictures do you see in your media about your own and others’ countries, when it comes to information about a political decision?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
Who is the best politician in Andhra Pradesh?
Should Iran and Azerbaijan be close to each other?
Should I quit my job if it was at a corrupt government in a corrupt country?
How accurate was the account of the early development of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle as depicted in the HBO film, The Pentagon Wars?
Why are all of the Indian parties still interested in vote politics whether in the name of Ambedkar, religion, or Pakistan but not in the name of development?
How is Macron both social liberal and neoliberal?
What are they chanting when the 'Supreme Leader' casts his vote in the election? Why do they do so?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
What Are Some differences Between Mutualism and Anarcho-Communism?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
What do Putin supporters think of the Holocaust? How about Assad's crematorium?
Why don't some people tweet about politics or news?
Could the European political map change in the next 50 years?
What does Kapil Mishra want to show by showing two blank cheques without dates in front of media?
Do you believe Indyref2 should take place?
Can you give me an unbiased view of politics within the UK?
How politically disturbing is the One Piece world?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
Should Karnataka state be split?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
How do Super PACs affect elections?
Why doesn't Trump advocate for campaign finance reform, condensing the election calendar, or electoral reform?
Is the world moving back to the pre-1980s era, where individual capabilities, not national politics, govern progress?
Take all the former presidents. Now, choose your president, VP, and cabinet? Who did you choose for each position, and why?
How, why, when, and who started the concept of politics in the world that has existed since ancient times? What is the history and origin of politics?
Is anyone concerned that democracy is falling down to communism and is being sold away by a 'die-hard' capitalist? For example, Putin and the KGB defending the USA?
To what country are US Senate democrats loyal exactly?
How do bureaucrats keep their political affiliation away from motivating or impeding their work depending on the political party in power?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
Is Indian politics becoming BJP and anti BJP political parties rather than policy based political parties? Why?
What is religion’s role in politics?
What are the approaches of political geography?
Why don’t Indian politicians question their low salaries?
How do most of the people speak about the ruling party, whatever party is in power?
Why is there the arrears system? Is there any better system than that?
Does the imposition of prerequisites imposed on candidates influence a state?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
What is a non-territorial nation?
Why are socially conservative parties still around in the 21st century?
What is a politically unbiased Quoran's definition of the alt-right?
Whom would you prefer, a corrupt but competent politician or an honest but incompetent one?
What powers would political Viagra provide?
Has the internet broken or revived democracy? Will the next American president be Caitlin, Oprah, Kanye or Ivanka? And is it good or bad?
Does a political party and their candidate have separate policies?
Can there be an institution which is truly unbiased in a democratic state?
Who is it exactly that's controlling our political parties from behind the scenes, to our detriment?
You're a dictator (benevolent or otherwise) who has just achieved world domination. What are the first 100 days in power like?
Why are GOP politicians so tribalist?
How could I use the Corpus of Contemporary American English to do my BA research in linguistics about politically correct language?
Has any political party or leader raised any voice against reservation till today?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Is being a young Conservative in your country as unfashionable as it is in the UK?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
Can a convicted politician/MP/MLA hold the office?
What is the Marxian perspective on political obligation?
Has any large democratic country industrialized as fast as China?
Is Ukraine a fascist country?
Why do Western powers allow China to seize more and more world wealth?
Who was the first chief minister of UP?
Why do liberals play identity politics?
Is there any other major political party in the world that denies climate change like Republicans?
Were the EVM tempered in the last UP election?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
What would happen if someone under the age of eligibility for the Presidency is elected and their Vice-President is also under said age?
Why are liberals so fat?
Will the cold war the U.S. has with North Korea turn into a hot one sometime soon?
Is it true that Jill Stein was caught loading ballot boxes on a plane to Russia, presumably to be tampered with?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Why are politicians usually not the most intelligent and wisest people, but somehow manage to represent the population’s interests?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
Why do so many politicians say they hate politics?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
Why can't Tamilnadu accept Rajini as a politician?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, and communism doesn't give any motivation to the people, is it still a good idea?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
How do governments compete?
To ensure an awesome Malaysia in the long run, what is the best voting strategy for Malaysians for the incoming election?
What are the major differences between leftist, rightist and centrist politics and their ideologies?
How is the election date declared?
Why do so many leftists and neocons think they are being clever by insulting the "other side" in a question?
Is it possible to impeach Trump and those who will replace him until the next election?
Is there a conservative agenda at Bethune-Cookman University?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
In UK politics, can anyone explain each of the parties' values in simple terms?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
Is the sentiment against Hindi in TN maintained primarily by Dravidian parties to keep away national parties entering or gaining seats in Tamil Nadu?
Is Nepal a socialist state?
Would people vote for a person with Asperger’s for president?
What is controversy behind Rajinikanth political entry?
Are left-wing protesters on the streets actually violent people as well?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Who is one of the sincere MPs in the Indian parliament?
If you are given an opportunity to become a CM, what changes will you bring to your state?
Who has the power in communism?
What do South Africans think of Jacob Zuma?
Why does a President who has won a second term get inaugurated a second time? Wouldn't it save money not to have to pay for a second inauguration?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
What is “politics”? How can politics be a part of the process of conciliation of the interests in a society?
If you could go back in time and shoot Karl Marx, would you do it?
Who is responsible for the birth of ISIS without getting muddled in partisan politics?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
Did Erdogan offer Trump to enter Raqqa with the Turkish military to prevent SDF from doing it?
How should I go about becoming the first dictator of Canada?
Can you justify weighted voting in a democratic system?
Is the world enjoying as they watch America decline and fall?
Why do the opinions of people like Cho Ramaswamy or S. Gurumurthy matter a lot in Indian politics? Is it because they are journalists?
Do we need a universal goverment?
Is solving a political problem with technology solution-EVMs the answer in the case of Botswana?
What is a counterargument to "money spent on defence should be reinvested into health and education"?
How was life in the Victorian era for an ordinary person? The aspects I'm asking about are political, social, economical, and religious.
Why are Turkey’s diplomats instigating violence in foreign countries, like the US and the Netherlands?
Is Singapore a social democracy?
What are some good ideas for encouraging folks to vote for candidates based more on their individual merits and less on their party affiliations?
Are there any rankings of British MP's by their voting record like the American Conservative Union does for members of Congress?
Do you have to get any university degrees to be the Australian Prime Minister?
Can a country be a monarchy and a republic?
Can I get in legal trouble if I make a mobile game ripping off politicians, with the intention to generate revenue?
Should it, theoretically, be expected that people have different political views? Why?
What's China political system? How well is it working for people?
Should the Middle East countries stand together? How?
Why do the USA and Russia continue their little Cold War games while they ignore China stealing the world?
Is it possible to reduce the level of gamesmanship and deceit in politics, or will human nature always create mendacious operators called politicians?
What would be the likely result of a referendum in Nigeria on the subject of each Geo-political zone breaking away from the country?
Is it merely a coincidence that Japan and South Korea are the most developed non-western countries and the US has the biggest military bases there?
What are the definition of politics, government, and political science?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
What are some of the media houses that are not influenced by any powerful individual or organisation?
Are democracy, secularism, equality, GLBT rights compatible with Islam?
What are some examples of political risks?
How is political risk measured?
What are the political factors in the auto industry?
What event inspired you to adapt your political ideology(s)?
What would someone need to do to gain a lot of power over many different countries?
How much power would Russia have, now or in the past, if the West didn’t take the actions it did in the Cold War?
What would cause identity politics and privilege theory to fall out of popularity?
Do high-up politicians with degrees, diplomas, etc, look down on other politicians who don't hold degrees?
Is Viktor Orban a dictator?
Which Political Party Leader would you most like to go have a pint with?
Is Social Democracy a branch of capitalism or socialism?
Why aren't Trump supporters demanding an independent investigation of allegations against him?
Is the West standing still in the fight against ISIS?
Which country has the most diverse political elite?
What are the essential features of Marxism?
What happens if no parties can agree on a governing coalition in Germany?
Why do liberals lie so much?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
At the moment, the political situation in Brazil poses great difficulties involving corruption in all political levels. What would be a good solution?
Is communism considered a cult? Am I considered part of it?
What are some countries that were first in the world for many things?
Is there any book to know how American political system works?
Does the fact that Reagan swept his presidential election prove that swing states aren't everything in a presidential race?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
Partisan politics and Trump are clearly hurting the prestige of the world's lead country, the USA. How do you see that ever turning around?
Why do people now identify as a political entity rather than as a rational human with many views, some liberal, some conservative, some absurd?
Did France write its own death note by not electing Marine Le Pen in the recent French election?
Is there any democratic election that produced monarchs or dictators?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
How do Libertarians respond to the idea that a libertarian society is far too Utopian?
What do people mean when they say becoming a military general is "political"?
What indirect benefit do political parties get from the President (as they are so keen to bring the President of their choice)?
What do you think of the current global wave on ultra-conservatism?
Should Iran demand that the Republic of Azerbaijan change its name as Greece did to Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)?
What is the current French political situation?
Why are communists in India always anti-Hindu? Does communism mean anti-nationalism?
Who is the most stylish politician?
Under which article of the Indian constitution does it say the president can nominate 12 members of Rajya Sabha and 2 members of Lok Sabha?
Who got this crazy idea to separate the world in nation states?
Who is the most far-right Republican politician?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Is the USA in the middle of a cold civil war?
What does the recent centrist win in France depict for Eurozone's economy?
Can anyone share an incident, involving an Indian politician, that shows his/her incorruptible nature?
Are left liberals most hypocritical people in the world?
Who told Gordon Miller that India is politically unstable, currupt and has infrastructure issues?
If majority can't decide what is discriminatory towards minorities, how should such discriminations be legislatively defined in a democratic state?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Would the American government be better off if you could vote for more than one person who was running (e.g., if I could vote for Gary Johnson and Rand Paul)?
How do I stop communism?
Was Algeria’s Prime Minister (not President) democratically elected?
Did French President Emmanuel Macron's wife have an affair with a 15 year old student and leave her husband & kids when she was 40 to be with him?
What is a combination party in government?
Can you question/trust the agencies under the democratic rule?
What do foreign socialists and communists think about China?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Why do socialist governments degenerate into corruption?
Can a coup d'etat happen to oust Trump?
In their final hours, the last two humans are reflecting, what would they say to each other?
Does President Trump pick his press secretary based on whether Melissa McCarthy can play them on SNL?
How would you responded to a Kanye West presidency, if he actually wins in the 2020 elections?
What is worse: religious (non-political) terrorism, or political (non-religious) terrorism?
What would you give up if you had to, the right to vote or social media?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
Are there any Spanish political highlights which distinguish Spanish from other countries and why?
What will happen if youths step into politics?
Do political parties in the US release manifestos?
How can I fight against the administration?
Are the personalities of high elected officials similar to those of kings and queens even if they don't hold the position for life?
Are democrats really just mad at Russia for giving up on communism?
How is liberal Houston able to thrive in anti-urban right wing Texas?
Who is the present president of the USA?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Will Mike Pence be incriminated in the Russian investigation?
What are some petitions to nominate candidates?
Could the U.K. turn into a federal monarchy, given its current situation in politics?
What would a global society be like with a hybrid of the best ideals of both capitalism and communism & a value system with worth based individually?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
Is Trump pressing people to believe everything he has done is correct?
Do political leaders with children take more wise decisions when they impact the future of the world than those who don't have ones?
Are there any countries that we know were directly influenced by Vietnam's fall to communism (i.e. those countries also fell to communism)?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
What would you do if Milo Yiannopoulos was staying in your home for three weeks?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
How do you start a political action committee?
Is Will Randall a Republican or Democratic?
What is your critique of every political party?
How would the world react if Trump was reelected?
What are the points of Indian politician Seeman are correct, wrong, practical and impractical?
Why is fascism rising in the Netherlands?
What will happen if India becomes a Communist state?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
Which is a better ideology, true Communism (not dictator communism) or Capitalism?
What does “binding vote” mean?
What would Trump need to do in order to get his base to second guess their support?
After a president is done with his 2 terms, can he still serve in a lower level position like a cabinet member, or is his political career over?
Do you think politics works in offices and undeserving candidates get more advantages ?
How and why has Ireland become more liberal?
Why is the division of races and religions as important as the division of labor?
Why are radical feminists called liberals when they don't like freedom of speech?
What is global governance 2025?
Why are there so few monarchies in the world today?
Does Gordon Miller fund political parties?
Who are more diplomatic & shrewd: businessmen or politicians?
At Eurovision 2017 (last night), did the German host raise the Nazi salute just before voting?
What have to be done to make the Vietnamese politics more interesting?
What is a local election?
Why is it that people are so put off by others with differing views, i.e. politics, religion, sexual preference, etc.?
How realistic is the idea of the United States of Europe?
Why did the CIA support a coup in Brazil in the 60s that overthrew a democratic regime?
What is the public affairs index?
Why is the BJP silent over the dirty politics of Mamta Banerjee?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
Will all the politicians in India join once together?
Is it true that "Americans never seem to appreciate patriotism in foreigners"? If there is some truth to this, then why would that be?
Has political discourse gotten out of control?
What could be the outcome of not participating in the election?
What are political emblems?
Are there leaks in the Saudi Royal Court?
How does the French political system work?
How can I get involved in politics at the age of 14-15?
How is democratic socialism different to democracy?
What is your stance on the Confederate Flag?
What is the difference between center right and center left politics?
Why is the male versus female argument getting more bitter with every passing day?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
What is the best history of the communist insurgency in Malaysia from the Communist point of view?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
Should uninformed people vote?
Can a country's political parties be streamlined or reduced?
What is the meaning of morality in Indian politics?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
Does an outgoing chief whip hand over his 'black book of secrets' to his replacement assuming they're both in the same political party?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
Why was President Trump given such a warm and grand welcome compared to Obama, by the Saudi government?
Why do Bhakts shamelessly criticise the actions of other political parties when BJP has been doing the same?
Which party should win the Karachi elections?
Do most people in your country lean Conservative or Liberal on social policies?
What kind of political views does Dwayne Johnson have?
How are populism and nationalism related?
Will it be better if Rajinikanth stays away from politics?
Could we resolve majority of the worlds problems If we were able to shrink ourselves down (like honey I shrunk the kids style)?
Can you accurately call globalisation a form of colonialism?
What is the critical political theory?
Are you tired of false equivalence arguments by Kremlin trolls arguing that liberal democracy is just as bad as Putin's corrupt kleptocratic regime?
Had Prachanda (Pushpa Kamal Dahal) been good for Nepal as a Prime Minister?
Can someone give reasons to vote for NOTA?
What is Noam Chomsky's view on free market?
What was Gandhi’s mission in the politics and culture of India?
If supported by the majority of the British population, could there again be an absolute monarchy in the United Kingdom?
What is the Marthi meaning of “prime minister” in a minimum 5 of words?
If being liberal means being open, and generally tolerant, why do so many people ask why "liberals" are so intolerant?
Are there any political science books which are only about political strategies?
What happens if ministers do not work?
What does Christianity have to do with promoting the coal and oil industry?
How does politics affect educational development in India?
Why does everyone become corrupted in nowadays?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
What is the difference between politics and law?
What is community government?
Which country is the most repressive and least democratic, Iran or Saudi Arabia?
Why, in politics, did the right become left and the left became right so many times? What is really left and right in politics?
How close is the world to a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario at this moment in time?
What is the difference between right and far right government/media? Similarly, what is the difference between left and far left?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
Why do people block for political reasons?
What is the link between Neo-liberalism and capitalism?
Did John Howard's leadership move Australia's political scene to the right, or did it successfully stop Pauline Hanson from becoming prime minister?
What is one political opinion that you refuse to tolerate?
PM Modi said that state elections should be merged with general elections. Is it possible as it can be unfair to recently elected state governments?
Is it worth replying to Bhakts or they should be left on their own fate?
Constitutionally, can the states adopt whatever voting system they please (e.g., IRV) for all elections in their states, including the US House and Senate?
What is the difference between the nation-state and the modern nation-state system?
What are the political issues in the 21st century?
Is Congress deserve right to speak for honesty and integrity?
Suppose the price per barrel of oil is equal to $10. What will happen in Arabic kingdoms?
Why do Americans call themselves either liberal or conservative?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Why has mass Islamic immigration never appeared on a party political manifesto?
What are the chances of the SC and ST reservation system getting abolished if BJP comes to power in Rajya Sabha?
Should 16 year olds be allowed to vote and what parties support it?
What is neoliberalism and how is it killing you?
North Korea stated that they were prepared to talk to the US but less than an hour ago have reportedly fired a ballistic missile! Where is this going?
How do unpopular politicians manage to get re-elected?
Who is/was the most controversial American politician post 1900?
Will we ever see new Communist states again?
Can an MLA be nominated by the governor and if yes why only an Anglo-Indian?
Would you prefer to live as an average citizen in China or the USA? Why?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
Which country has given the highest prime minister?
How can someone justify rioting to prevent right wing speakers from talking all in the name of "free speech"?
What is voluntary euthanasia in Indian constitution?
Is communism inevitable?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
Why doesn’t the Indian Prime Minister or President have a verified Quora account to interact with citizens?
Should the prime minister, POI and CJI of my country participate in an election campaigning for one party?
What is the federalist system of government?
Is India fine as a democratic country or it needs a dictator to rule?
Who are you voting for in the General Election 2017 and why?
Why is tyranny usually bad?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
In Western countries, are presidents, prime ministers, or chancellors the people's representatives?
How much money do Republican-leaning interest groups & individuals spend each year on campaigns & organizations vs. Dem-leaning groups/people?
What is the difference between social protest and national movements?
Why don’t youngsters consider politics to be their profession in future?
What is a regime change?
If North Korean freedom rebels overthrow Kim Jong-un, what will the negotiations between the US and South Korea consist of? Will 2 Koreas have a visit?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
Why are people in Latin America so much more political than gringos?
Are liberal progressives and their thralls in the press mounting a high-tech coup d’etat to overthrow the US Constitution?
Is the political strategy & communication of the Libertarian Party holding it back from electoral success? How should it be changed?
Why is Mongolia, which once ruled most of Asia, neglected today by the world?
What do people think about Macron’s new government after he unveiled the list of ministers?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
Who is your favourite politician?
How much "political capital" does Trump have as of May 19, 2017?
Is it usual for a social liberal to have very conservative views on some social issues?
What are the most important political philosophical problems?
Is WikiLeaks politically biased?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
What are the causes behind political bosses at centre always giving Bihar a step-motherly treatment?
Is banning Taiwan from joining the World Health Assembly correct? Should other world leaders be responsible for this result?
What's the difference between the criminalization of politics and the politicization of criminals?
What would be the political and moral arguments of denying non-profitable state's senators voting rights in the US states?
How would you respond to a Dwayne Johnson presidency, if he actually won in the 2020 elections?
How do you think political discourse could be improved on Quora?
As a liberal, how can I have a political discussion with a conservative without getting tricked into agreeing with them?
How dangerous is it to talk about politics in Russia, especially for critics of the Putin government?
How authoritarian is the American government?
What does it take to enter and be competent in politics?
Do most flat Earthers share any particular political ideology?
What are the aspects of totalitarianism?
Why does the media not acknowledge that Russia has been trying to subvert American politics since the FDR administration?
Why do socialists believe socialism works?
Have politicians always been power hungry?
Is it really democracy for California to never vote Republicans for decades of presidential elections?
Why has the Congress party been rooted out throughout the country?
How much dependency on speechwriters would give you the view that a politician is dishonest?
Why do we vote by district?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
How can Singapore fend off political Islam?
Which political point of view has killed the most people in history, besides survival?
How relevant is Marxism today in understanding the world we are living in today?
What is Shah Waliullah’s ideology?
Why do we need a legislative council?
Why is almost every country controlled by old greedy men?
What are your 2017 election predictions?
What are great sources, apart from the news, to increase my knowledge on world politics?
Why is the 2017 French election considered to be historic and most unusual in many decades?
Why are so many people so thankless for everything Trump has done for our country?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
How do I increase my knowledge of economic affairs and political affairs?
If Macron was British, what party would he be a member of?
How did Trump’s visit to the Middle East go?
Did Boris Yeltsin undermine the ideals of the Russian democracy?
What would have happened if Molotov et al. were not purged by Khruschev?
What is the political/cause/activist side to the Maker community paying attention to?
How is the president of the USA elected?
Do Democrats have any logical arguments as to why it might not be the time for the US to embrace right-wing fascism?
How was Julius Caesar's assassination a historical mistake?
How would road rules work in a libertarian society?
Why do dictators as a rule pass power to a relative?
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
What do political terms like left, right, socialists and communalism mean?
Are the White House leaks necessary or criminal?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
Can we Quorans agree that the proper term for the left is "progressives" since they are for the opposite of liberalism?
Should the BJP abrogate Article 370 if they get a majority in both houses of Parliament?
Is Congress likely to pass Trump's infrastructure spending plan?
Why does the far-right hate Islamic fundamentalists when they have so much in common ideologically?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
Do liberals think that Trump partnered with Russia to steal the election?
Why does Tehran produce so many conservative mayors?
What are some examples of unitary systems of government?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
Should people in Venezuela get violent and threaten execution for President Maduro?
Are the UK's sick pay laws good compared to Europe?
Has an IITian ever been praised by any politician or star?
Which of ideologies and systems of fascism/nazism and Soviet communism posed the greater threat to liberal democracy in the twentieth century? Why?
What do you think about Rajinikanth entering politics?
Has the power of the state declined?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
What is the intellectual level of political leaders nowadays?
Why do leftists celebrate the demographic destruction of whites?
Is China an example of a one-party system?
What is the major impact of Republic TV on Indian politics?
Why should everyone care about money in politics?
Why do these Indian politicians hate their own country in the name of politics?
Why does Iran have negative feelings for Pakistan?
Will either voters or the top 1% care if a presidential nominee has a bachelor’s degree from an online school or extension university?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
Can a government servant join a political party?
What should the BJP do to keep Congress out of Indian politics?
How does our two party system work to protect our liberty?
Are there any politicians who hold a resemblance to Theodore Roosevelt?
What did your political party stand for in the past, which it doesn't now?
Is there a correlation between the anti-vaccination movement and political ideology?
In the next Lok Sabha election, which party will win in West Bengal?
What is a list of some of the popular incorrect ideas in politics and the economy? What is a brief explanation of why they are wrong?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
What's your opinion about Macron being elected as the next French president?
Should men be allowed to vote?
Why are you voting Conservative in GE17?
How do I solve my political dilemma?
Has the Indian parliament ever impeached a chief minister or prime minister for obstruction of justice?
Is MSNBC owned by the DNC, spending all morning on the Russia investigation when Manchester just happened?
Why isn't everyone a libertarian rationalist?
Does Baijayant Jay Panda think that politics is more about bashing the opponent than self retrospection?
In today's scenario, who is more ethical, politicians or prostitutes?
What should the political strategy be?
How would you describe communism in a nutshell (summarize main concepts)?
What role did Bhindranwale play in the winning of the Congress Party in the election of 1980?
As a US Republican or Democrat, what is one issue you agree with the opposing party on?
What is you best definition of politics?
If the US tries to invade India, will China help India?
Did the 1953 coup in Iran indirectly cause the 1979 revolution?
What are the basic differences between left and right politics?
What do conservatives think about the 5-3 SCOTUS decision that the gerrymandering by the GOP in North Carolina was racially motivated?
How can the rise of the right wing be tackled all over the world?
Do conservative answerers block more or less frequently than progressive answerers?
What happened to communism?
Which contemporary potilical theorists are recommended regarding political participation in unconventional terms?
How hated is Congressman Steve King?
Is threatening to start a nuclear war as an attempt to improve one’s approval ratings near 100 days in office an impeachable offense?
Is the word 'master bedroom' an outdated, not politically correct term?
What do you know about Sunil Mishra, the political strategist?
Why are yogis becoming politicians in India?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
What's the closest term to 'Capital Communism' in political ideologies?
What is the basic definition of socialism and capitalism and what are the differences between them?
What is the meaning of "a bill before parliament”?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
If you had your way, whom would you choose as the President/Prime Minister of your country?
Is fascism similar to mercantilism?
What is Irish democracy?
Can the positions of President and Primer Minister of India be headed by the same person at the same time?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
Has neoliberalism ever worked?
Which is the most powerful country till now?
How do you define and operationalize political freedom?
Can I get asylum in Italy being a political party member?
Who is Saurabh Bhardwaj?
Why do you oppose the legalisation of cannabis?
Who are some of the best politicians India had?
Is Andrés Manuel López Obrador a popular Mexican political figure?
What is “left-wing”?
Was Malala Yousafzai a pawn of the West in retrospect?
Should private business owners be able to choose whom they serve? Should antidiscrimination laws be done away with?
Do libertarians tend to be people fortunate/privileged enough that “big government” really is their biggest obstacle to further wealth/power?
why do celebrities join politics?
What would happen if Russia and India shared a border?
What are some interesting statistics about political ideologies?
Are Republicans and conservatives in America more individualist and Democrats and liberals more statist, or vice versa?
Why didn't Trump treat the Chinese president with a Big Mac as he promised?
Will a former president receive secret service protection in jail?
What are some easy social experiments that show that democracy doesn't work?
Are there any examples of societies getting more conservative?
Why did President Trump receive only Saudi Arabia's greatest honor but not a Nobel Prize? What more can he do to win a Nobel Prize as well?
What is a democratic republic government?
Why do our Indian politicians are expecting VIP treatment unlike their counter part in Western countries?
How do I get a paperback copy of the labour manifesto?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
Why is the "establishment" so hated Western politics?
What should I do to understand the politics around the world?
Is India a liberal state or a successful democracy?
Who said "politics is the art of the possible"?
Why are Liberal Democrat leaders so distinct from other political party leaders in the way they speak etc?
How can I become a politician without having a political background?
Will the backlash against political correctness get stronger in Australian politics? They are already considering watering down the anti-racism laws.
Who is the most fashion-forward politician of all time?
If you were running for president, what would the opposite party say about you?
To what extent do illiberal political institutions hinder new science?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
Is Lalu Prasad Yadav involved in the benami land deal case?
Would it be possible and legal to require the entire population of a country to do DNA sequencing and put the results in their ID?
How many people didn't vote in last year’s election?
Who supports mandatory voting?
Why are Dalits so marginalised in Maharashtra politics, despite their large numbers and the Ambedkarite movement?
Have you ever got humiliated by a political party's member for your religion?
Why didn't the Washington state news media cover the story about Trump facilitating the multi-billion dollar deal between Boeing and Saudi Arabia?
What does the mayor of London do besides taking selfies and neglecting the crime rate in the city?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
What are the diffrences between passive and agressive secularism?
How is it possible that Naxals continue to be active, without local politicians being 'hands in gloves' for votes?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Does Modi have international influence and can he alter international politics?
What is the difference between bureaucracy and politics?
How do I go about Australian politics if I want to become a politician? What should I do?
Are there any apps that help teens with forming political opinions?
I'm 10+2 now, what do I do to become a politician?
What's the chance that a non-religious, unmarried woman with a high IQ undergoing college at a prestigious institution leans politically to the right?
What is the role of a union state minister? Why does it exist?
Why do Liberals ignore social/labour policies?
Do political leaders have close friends?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
Who is India’s most powerful person?
In the UK, is it impossible for a political party to win power without the support of right leaning newspapers such as Mail, Sun and Express?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
How many times in American history has the electoral college beat the popular vote?
If the USA were to hypothetically split into various new nations, what would be some likely new nations resulting from the split?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
Why are people saying communism doesn't work, when it basically hasn't been tried before?
If Hindutva right wing groups had the arms, territory and power, would they be equivalent to ISIS?
Why do political parties need funding in countries like the US and the UK?
Why is everyone considering fascism far-right, when it's clearly not for capitalism?
Why do Americans have to interfere with other countries' local disagreements all the time? Why don't they mind their own business?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
How bad will the Democratic Party look and suffer if their Russia hunt comes up empty?
What do you think about Aung San Suu Kyi after one year in charge of Myanmar?
Why do so many different people/ideologies use the term "socialism"?
Why do conservative Republicans call anyone who does not agree with them liberals?
How many seats will labour lose?
How does philosophical pragmatism relate to political liberalism?
Why can't society just decide not to automate any more jobs, to save jobs?
Why is public funding for the arts rarely a substantive issue in American politics?
What political leader said, “A house divided against itself cannot stand'?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
Why is the actor Rajinikanth willing to enter politics in his old age?
Why are Democrats so careful to say Nazi and not National Socialist? It is a strange obsession.
What are some model aftermath results of countries that underwent regime change caused by external powers?
What are the advantages of having a monarchy as your leader?
Why is France so left wing?
How does the media affect the distribution of political power?
Are people repenting in Tamil Nadu for electing AIADMK for a second term?
Should the state be able to force someone to pay for someone else's healthcare?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
Does anything in the U.S. Constitution address preventing the conflict of interest of politicians reliant on rich donors with vested interests?
What is the difference between communism and the Democratic party platform?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
When someone, especially a politician, says that America is a center-right country, what definition of center are they using?
Is Russia going to start WW3, considering the bad relations it has with the U.S. and NATO?
Are there organizations or enterprises dedicated to trying to forecast the economy, politics and society of the US?
Is Macron's victory a decisive turn of fortunes for the far-right in Europe?
Would you ever consider a sado-masochistic relationship or role-play involving power exchange based on political beliefs?
Was the term "demokratía" invented by the Athenian adversaries of such regime?
Which is better, a monarchy or a republic?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Who is the most huggable world leader in 2017?
Is it illegal for a radio host or political pundit to call out for the murder or massacre of a politician?
What is the correct balance between liberty and equality to guarantee democracy?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
What is post-truth politics? Is it post-truth politics in India now?
Do some people pay other people to vote for a person of their choice in an election?
Why are bank or interest loans illegal?
All BJP and Congress supporter know that both are filled with corrupted people, but they follow them blindly after knowing this. Why?
Who should I support in Indian politics?
How did the anti-government protests of 2015/16 affect Ethiopian politics?
Is Israel a model democracy?
I feel like people give more value to their political parties than to society in general. Does this happen anywhere else?
What can the Indian liberals learn from the Indian right wing?
How many mistakes does a party in a civil case make for the opposing party to say it is absurd?
What should local government do?
How do I prepare for a continuous crisis committee (e.g. Chinese political bureau)?
How have national legislators resigned prior to the end of their terms, for nondisciplinary or election reasons?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
Who protects the Prime Minister of Singapore?
Why are Canadian politicians generally less educated?
How do you handle the distress from arguing about politics or religion?
Is there any leader who served 20 years or more by winning democratic elections?
How will the backlash against Trump affect the political direction of the country over the next decade?
What happens and who becomes president if the vice president dies?
If Obama were president again, what things could he be doing better (due to his experience)?
Why is everyone offended by everything and feel the need to bash people to "defend" their own views?
Do you think political Islam is compatible with Western values?
What is the most straightforward statement that triggers liberals?
In your opinion, who was the most left/right wing US president?
Why is Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy so popular despite his lesser experience in politics ?
Do Russian/Israeli politicians do minority appeasement to get votes like Indian politicians?
Did Shiv Sena crush communists in Mumbai? Why and how?
Who is or was the youngest democratically elected cabinet minister in the world?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
Do people forget that it was mainly Labour politicians that helped to bring in the welfare state and not one flaming Tory politician?
What are some pictures that show the true character of the P.M., Mr. Narendra Modi?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
How did Richard Armitage become an influential politician?
What is the importance of statistics in politics?
Who is the first Chief Minister of Telangana?
Why is Texas seen as the face of conservatism?
What are the best conservative political ideas?
Are there any studies on how political/ideological biases affect economic activity by investors? How does this ultimately shape politics?
In the U.S. how successful are authoritarian politicians?
China is investing billions of dollars in Pakistan, but is it worth with the rising extremism in Pakistan?
Have you ever met some swami or a powerful leader?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
How do UK atheists view the monarchy?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
What are some plausible reasons why constitution-drafters would allow secret-ballot-voting for electing a state president, but not for voting one out?
What is the Council of Ministers?
Should actors or actresses join politics?
In being a state’s leader, is power really everything? Political power or wealth power?
How significant are political views when determining compatibility in a potential relationship?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
Why is the left winning?
Are we facing an oil shortage in 2020?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Who is the next CM of Rajasthan?
Why does the Constitution of India give pardoning power to the President and what does that mean?
Do you think Quorans have become way too left-wing lately?
What is it like running a country?
Could a directly democratic country work?
Are you afraid of what may potentially happen to the United States and the world under the tenure of Donald Trump, and why?
Is it right that MLAs and MPs pass a bill in the Assembly in order to draw a huge amount in terms of salary perks and pensions?
Would you fight for your country if it were a monarchy?
If the Ganasanghs, such as Shakya/Koli, had become the dominant power instead of the Magadha in ancient India, how would the history have been changed?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
If the national average IQ dropped significantly, would it impact the effectiveness of the democratic voting system?
What is the distinction between politicians and IAS officials in the administration?
Why are two major problems in America hunger yet also obesity? How do we help fight hunger?
Who is the most cruel Hindu ruler of all times?
Does corruption deviancy treatment exist? Can we start enforcing a 0 tolerance policy on corruption (as in corrupt officials)?
What is the European Union's stance on transhumanism?
What is the difference between the adjournment and suspension of the House of Parliament?
Why hasn't Trump lifted the sanctions on Russia?
What is the impact of social media in politics?
Why do we rely on polls and statistics when only around 1000 people are sampled?
Why does people in USA seems to think the next French president, Macron is a left-wing when he is in fact very very right wing?
What are conservatives trying to prove by asserting that Nazism was leftist?
Why do cultural Marxists say that cultural Marxism doesn’t exist?
With so much politics in everything, how do Americans get anything even done?
Which country is the most conservative one, and which is the most liberal one, in terms of government and people separately?
Who was the first prime minister (women) in the world?
How should US respond to the political turmoil in Venezuela at the OAS?
Why doesn't the left wing let the right wing do its thing with policies to see if they actually do improve things?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Are you worried about the lack of opposition in Indian politics after the downfall of Congress?
Should postgraduation be made compulsory to fight the election of a member of the legislative assembly and a member of Parliament?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
When was "Devnagari" replaced by "Hindi"? What was the political motive behind this change? Was it successful?
Why are liberals aligning themselves with the issues of the oppressed as a lever to push forward postmodern Neo-Marxism?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Are any of today's controversial politicians so unpopular that their own country might not allow them to be buried on their soil upon death?
Did communism/socialism work in East Germany?
What solutions should be applied for the corrupted countries?
How can you be so certain that your political views are right?
Why do people continue to misuse the term communism and don't try to educate themselves on it?
What were the reasons for Hitler's unique and extremely brutal political rules and beliefs?
Do Americans accept a diversity in political systems?
Is the GOP fracturing?
Why did communism fail in Asia?
Is it allowed to create political parties in Islam?
Is job breadth more important than job depth in motivating workers?
Is there a ring of truth to the conservative claim that liberals are being unscientific in claiming race/gender is socially constructed?
How would you teach Trump in Political Theory or a course about Conservatism?
If President Trump were to illegally delete conversations he had previously taped, how would the public ever even find out?
What would happen if Indian nations were grantsd sovereignty?
What is the most under reported political scandal of the last 100 years?
Is Britain a monarchy or a democracy?
Why is the United States so concerned with other nuclear programs? If nuclear weapons are so awful, then why does the United States have them?
I know there is a national socialist movement, is there some sort of national capitalist movement?
What is the difference between liberal conservatism and conservative liberalism?
Is voting for independents in the upcoming Senate and House elections a good idea to end partisanship in Congress?
What steps did the PRI take in Mexico to win elections?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
Why are there so many right wing pro BJP people on Quora?
What can be done to prevent politics from bringing out the worst in people?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
Is the reason there are more liberals than conservatives because educated right-wingers lean libertarian?
Is it true that Putin amassed a huge amount of wealth during his political career? What will happen to it after his death?
What is political religion?
Can a political union of more than one country recognize another country as its head?
How can politics get beyond the red versus blue, left versus right arguments to consider social and community benefit and fairness?
Are Section 527 political organizations subject to rules about private inurement?
If a war erupts between the US and allies and North Korea, what would be the better option to deal with a "defeated" North Korea?
Would a TV series that has conservative instead of liberal bias be watchable?
What do conservatives think about liberals going crazy from identity politics to recent Russian conspiracy theories?
Why were the Brazilian Integralists (fascists) pro-union if they were anti communist?
Do opposition parties create violence in J&K, UP where the BJP government rules and opposition parties have violent nature leaders there?
If a POTUS campaign was found to have used unlawful means, would that disqualify the Vice President as a successor to the impeached President?
What province voted for who in the Iranian election?
What countries had a totalitarianism system before WW1?
How would you sum up the communist government?
If there were an impeachment, could it be multiple (president, VP, Sec. of State, etc.)?
Is it too early for Sunita Kejriwal to foray in politics?
What are state general elections?
Why is Mexico's GDP now larger than that of Russia's? Are the sanctions against Russia beginning to take its toll?
How does the protection of the US President compare to that of the Queen of United Kingdom? Or the Prime Minister?
Is Labour gaining vote share in the right constituencies?
Do terrorist incidents during election times cause voters to shift to the right?
You wake up as the leader of your country. What will you do?
How is Canada only on its 23rd prime minister when America has had 45 presidents?
What would happen if people in Singapore started to lean towards other political parties other than the PAP? (PAP has always had the majority vote. )
Who are the dictators, albeit infamous, that contributed to their country in any positive way?
How do you start a political organization in your hometown?
What are some political systems except authoritarian and democratic types that are worth a try?
Why do liberals earn a bad rep lately?
How do politically strong people survive in a company than technically stronger persons?
Why do some politicians criticize Rajinikanth?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Why do most oil producing countries have a bad goverment?
Why can’t politicians be responsible for false promises during an election?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
Is Texas a conservative utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more conservative?
What is the best way to explain the difference between scientific consensus and science by democracy?
How did democracy come to be?
Was UKIP just a conservative splinter group, and is it now time for it to go?
What is the exit poll of Iran's recent election?
How can Americans retaliate against Russian for hacking of political races?
Who are some notable politicians who left Socialist Party and joined En Marche?
Why would someone want to be a Democrat?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
What are the differences between the American left and right wing and the European left and right wing politics?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
Who is more powerful, a president or a prime minister?
What are some examples of propaganda devices in politics?
Why is the youth of India crazy about PM Modi while there is a rise in unemployment during his tenure?
Has the Green Party of England and Wales always been left wing?
How can we meet Narendra Modi?
What is the political condition of Tamil Nadu now?
How do libertarians and conservatives square the fact that communist China has been so successful at capitalism?
What was the political system created for protection?
What is some good information to have about both Maltese political parties before the election?
Is the political and social situation in Israel similar to what it was in Rhodesia?
What do you understand about equality & democracy being dynamic and not static concepts?
In academic studies of history, are radical positions becoming less prevalent?
What is the most burning political issue in India presently?
Why don't more people support world government?
Who replaces the Vice President?
What is it like to be a career politician?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
Why have all the communist regimes in history been fascist and destructive to the economy?
Is reservation in education regressive to the development of a country?
Are there (quite apart from the question of formal legality) any similarities between tipping, bribery, and political lobbying business practices?
Is it a mistake for the United States to trust a communist country like Vietnam?
Why do people use the words democratic socialism to mean social democracy? Are they synonyms or are they different things?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
How odd is the chance for a Muslim Malay politician to be elected as the next Singapore PM or President?
How would Iranians be able to get rid of their dictatorial Ayatollah regime?
Is the criteria of “adult” based on brain development, culture or politics?
Should politicians be drug tested?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
If you would be a president, which country will you choose?
Is Los Angeles a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Aren't the international relations theories constructivism and Marxism both direct descendants of philosophical idealism?
What is required to become a diplomat?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
How can a candidate, like Emmanuel Macron of France, run a government after winning as an independent without any political party involvement?
Why should I study political science?
How many female presidents or prime ministers or chancellors are there currently?
How is popular participation a product of political orientation?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
In Federal court, does a party responding to a "make a complete list of…" interrogatory have to a) explicitly state if the list given is incomplete or b) simply list what the party knows without stating that it is incomplete?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
How would you appraise your current government?
Was James Comey committing perjury in his May 3rd testimony or is he lying now?
Why are climate change activists adamant about acceptance of their theory?
Do you think Trump has actually bugged the White House?
If Congress voted to make the Vice President as Acting President pursuant to the 25th Amendment, how could the President be later reinstated?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
What are some online advocacy tools where I can monitor specific bills at the federal level?
Has media exposure of social scandals helped the nation grow?
Will socialism return in France after the elevation of socialist leader Marcon as President?
What happens to local campaign donations when your candidate loses?
What will happen, if in an election 40% of people selected NOTA out of the 65% voting?
What's your opinion on Villani's application at the French legislative elections?
Will a libertarian ever become president?
The US Constitution is based on the doctrine of the separation of powers. How does this doctrine keep the three branches of govt. separate?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
When did being "anti-Israel/anti-Zionist" became a leftist stand and why?
Considering the political impact of Senate rules, such as the filibuster rule, should such rules be set in stone via a constitutional amendment?
If healthcare in the USA could be overhauled from scratch, how would you fix it?
Are there political parties among communists, or all they all pretty close to the same?
What is meant by right-wing politics?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
Why does the West want to destroy Russia?
What is it like for psycopaths to watch election campaigns? (in whatever country)
Why does no party work for generals?
Can an artist become a politician?
Why did Portugal become a republic if almost all the people were pro-monarchy?
Will you support the imposing age limit and educational qualifications for politicians?
Is there one politician in this country who has never been defeated during his political career and commanded great respect?
Do you know someone who is intelligent but acts like a fool? Why do they do that?
How many members of the Trump Administration would it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How does one convert a communist populace to capitalist populace?
How is libertarian socialism supposed to work?
How do past US presidents stack up with Canadian prime ministers?
How can a country maintain a stable political system?
How does a bill become a law if the bill was vetoed by the president?
For somebody deeply rooted in capitalism, what are the areas and how can he learn to appreciate the beauty of communism or socialism?
What do former Canadian prime ministers do?
How do liberals rationalise being both anti-capitalist and pro-immigration?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
What is the difference between an Indian and a national?
Do legislators have to attend every session of the legislature?
Who is the most handsome politician today in 2017?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Could you share examples of how blind patriotism has hindered a nation's progress?
Assuming the mass public being the underlying driving factor of today's political polarization, what are the possible negative consequences?
Is Communism in India real?
In the UK general elections, what determines which candidates appear on ballot papers?
What is a unitary political system?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
As an individual, how would you feel if you were called up to war given the world's current crises?
Is America still safe for democracy?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
Are there any countries that are an anarchy to this day?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
What are the types of communism?
What are the qualities to be maintained to become a politician?
What is the definition of "national identity" from scholars' papers? Please provide the specific quotation of the definition.
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
Who do you think should be the next prime minister, and why?
The President just said "In America, we don't worship government; we worship God". Should he be portraying all Americans that way?
What is bad about democracy?
How many elected presidents in the world became dictators?
Who contributed more to the development of India, right-wingers a.k.a. conservatives, or left-wingers a.k.a. liberals?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Did a significant amount of people also disbelieve the facts of watergate?
What are Emmanuel Macron's chances of fulfilling his campaign pledges?
Is Robert Puckett a Democrat?
Why do people think that a nation can surrender its sovereignty through inferential, vs. express, statements of such intent?
How do governments rob people?
How do Maithils and other Biharis react to the political renaming of Mithila/ideh to 'Madhesh' in Nepal, which is historically misleading?
Why does being fiscally responsible make you far right in the eyes of liberals and the media?
What would happen if all politicians disappeared?
Why is MN so liberal?
Why is the liberalism moving in the US?
Why is Russia supporting leaders with nationalism agenda?
What happens in TN politics if Rajinikanth decide to start a new party and venture into politics?
Does the ruling party have any role in the Election Commission, like appointments, etc.?
What would it take for you to seriously consider a US politician on the opposite side?
What are the ideologies of the various French political parties? Who are centre left and centre right, etc.?
I'm neither a Liberal, nor a Conservative, so what am I?
How many vice presidents are there?
Does a potential POTUS have to undergo a medical examination to determine if he/she is physically/mentally competent for the job?
In contrast to the Kremlin, is China buying international friends with money?
After the UK elections, what are the other countries whose elections will be held this year?
Could the relentless impugning of the Russians and accusing Russians of fiendish actions, by US political parties, start WWIII?
What do Australians think about the attacks on mosques in Australia?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Where can I find polls showing what country Democrats feel they are loyal to?
What is the “permanent political class”?
With Emmanual Macron winning elections in France, is it safe to assume that the "Right Wing" wave will subside soon?
Which state gives 4 prime minister?
What kind of judge can override the president?
What are the problems of political obligation?
How is political correctness related to feminism?
What is the main reason that members of the RJD threw stones and were violent on the road? Was this suitable for such a ruling national party of the state?
Has Bill Maher ever insulted someone to their face on his show the way he did to Brian in Family Guy?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
What is the goal of politics, the pursuit of an ideal or finding common ground and reaching a reasonable consensus?
Which party will win the 2019 parliament election?
Should the European Parliament get legislative powers?
What are the relationships like between the UN's veto-holding country leaders, but also Germany?
How do I deal with the fact that everywhere I go, there are politics? There are office politics mainly. What are they, & how does one get the hang of them or become good at them?
Has Rajinikanth already joined politics?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
What is the US’s response to Soviet hacking incursions into the elections of various Western democracies?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
What does it mean if someone participate in a election? Why people vote or don't vote?
How much time does it take for people to realize how bad and corrupt-minded a politician is?
What are we lacking in political system these days?
Is there any data proving that the political right is rising world-wide?
Is there any intelligence even the president of a country (pick one) can't know?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
How did Yogi Adityanath become CM, as he is an MP and not an MLA?
What if there was no government?
What is your opinion on Bill C16 that was just passed in Canada?
Isn't the idea of a nation in itself flawed?
In regard to power, who is more powerful in his country, the US President or the Chinese President?
How do I find a neta (a politician) online?
How would one briefly describe the present Indian political landscape?
Can we stop a political populist consensus based on fallacious statements?
What makes the ideologies of communism and nazism so dangerous?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Could the UK's Trident nuclear deterrence system be renewed in a less expensive way, such as with land-based ICBMs?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
Globally, people hate their politicians (baring a few). Why don't we have an alternative by now?
What is currently going on in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha?
Will you vote TMCP again, & why?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
To what extent was the Gough Whitlam dismissal influenced by the CIA?
Are first world countries other than the US more civil in political matters?
Why do we still label China as a Communist nation, while most of its values have greatly strayed from communism?
How would the Middle East respond to a woman president?
Why did Rep. Rod Blum have those kids with him in the interview he walked out of?
Is Liberalism a religion?
Is it really that hard to understand that Liberals are patriotic?
Would it be a good idea if Indian MPs and MLAs conducted townhalls in their constituencies?
Who would you approach to get a first start in politics in Australia?
How do Justice Democrats plan to defeat the Democratic Party hacks who prop up its leaders for personal gain?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
Why do Americans love capitalism?
Are there any businesses that support the Green Party?
What is the difference between the rule of law and the rule of man?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
Can a political party manipulate India’s EVM?
Where does the Kim Dynasty get its inspiration from on how to run a totalitarian dictatorship?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
What are the main foreign policy principles of Russia?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
What is the role and impact of the media on contemporary politics?
If our Prime Minister, Mr. Narendra Modi, bans the reservation system, how will society react?
Is democracy sustainable?
Why is the two-party system stronger in the US than in the UK or Canada?
How would world politics change if a mile-wide asteroid strikes Moscow along with all the key Russian politicians?
What is the role of media in uncovering the corrupt powerful politicians?
Where is direct democracy possible?
Why are conservatives portrayed and accused by liberals as being intolerant bigots?
What are the liberal and conservative views on affirmative action and the economy?
Are anarchists advocates of federalism or confederalism?
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
What would happen if a state like California decided to leave the Union?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
What is the left wing?
In the case of non-compliance of award by one party, what is the remedy available to the other party?
Are there any political reasons allowing more allowances allotted to SC/ST?
What are the different kinds of Democrats?
Is it fair to draw comparisons between the current political landscape in Washington and the years leading up to the collapse of the Roman Republic?
Partisan bias aside, which U.S. political party is truly the least racist?
What's the most noble thing done by an ideological opponent of yours that didn't involve their changing or challenging their ideology?
Since power attracts the worst, wouldn't it be better if MPs/MoC were chosen at random from among all people having at least a master's degree?
What would change if the Labour Party wins the election?
Which is more likely: a Christian president or prime minister in a Muslim country, or a Muslim president or prime minister in a Christian country?
Do you think the Democrats will nominate someone on the left in 2020?
In Australian voting, if at least two have the same amount of votes, which one is going to be terminated first?
Why did the Presidents of Turkmenistan rule with a dictatorial personality cult?
How is a filibuster used in congress?
In France, when a mayor is appointed minister, is he still the mayor of his city?
Is populism on the rise in Europe?
Comparatively, how important to becoming prosperous is access to occluded information from nation to nation?
Can the political questions on Quora be any more passive aggressive?
Who is the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh?
What if USA had a Prime Minister?
When the United States becomes heavily involved in a country, should that country have some fraction of a vote for U.S. leaders?
What's the qualification to join Indian politics?
Do you see a striking similarity between Trump and Zuma of South Africa?
In your country's politics, which are more successful: liberal or conservative parties?
Can a retired governor be eligible for an MLA or MP in India?
The U.S. uses a two party voting system. Do you think a two party system is effective?
What are some of the dirty tricks used by politicians in elections?
What are the major political factors affecting international business?
Which (inter)national systems and institutions are in dire need of a major upgrade?
What are the legislative powers of the president?
What exactly is Realpolitik?
Is it true that 'gangs' are just power-structures that emerge from people who are disenfranchised by mainstream politics?
In a parliamentary system, what is the function of a president? How is he/she different than the prime minister? And how is he/she chosen?
What types of anarchism exist?
Why do the Korean political parties keep changing names?
Does polarization help political parties to achieve their target votes or religion/caste factor works in Kerala?
Who is the prime minister of Venezuela?
Are fascism and communism both derived from socialism?
What is the best way to describe politics?
Why are some political members and leaders corrupt?
What shall be the next best move to bring a drastic change in Tamilnadu politics?
What are some examples of international organisations causing nation states to act in a way that they wouldn't otherwise, if the international organisation didn't exist?
What would be the socio-political and economic consequences of technological advances and widespread automation of economies?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
What is a “mean politician”?
What would be the solutions for political instability?
How can you outperform in too much office politics?
In what way is the 2017 Conservative Manifesto left wing?
What is your view on Rajinikanth’s political entry?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Did MTV Rock the Vote make a measurable impact on voting?
Why did the Trump campaign opt for Mike Pence? What can we expect from him if he succeeds Trump as President?
Did people like Yogi Adityanath initially start cow politics only because all politics related to humans were already being managed by other ruling parties?
What are people in Germany hearing right now about the scandals in the Trump administration as of 5/18/2017?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
A YouGov poll suggests that the more education you have, the less likely you are to vote Conservative. Does this surprise you? Can you explain it?
If Latin American countries were not a direct threat to the US, why were they invaded by the US during the Cold War?
Is political correctness a regressive social state?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
With the current Russia/Trump collusion probe, those who testify claim sources of information are classified. When will those names be made known?
Who is the most powerful yet morally good political leader today? What impact have they had, and why are they who they are?
Most politicians are corrupt or with criminal backgrounds and are greedy for power. Why should bureaucrats who truly work for the country be controlled by them?
Why would someone be a conservative but not a libertarian?
What effect do you think the attack in Manchester (22nd May 2017) will have on the election results?
As a liberal, which Conservative politicians do you have the most respect for?
Why is social media considered good for politics?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
Can an MLA of a Dissolved State Assembly vote in India's President Election?
How do you view Dr. Jordan Peterson's views on Political Correctness, namely LGBQ labeling?
Why do the leftwing liberals always align themselves with the top 1% of the wealthiest people?
If communism has to be on a global scale, how come anarcho-communism doesn't have to be?
Where are the electoral candidates at during the election day?
Is Rajnikanth planning to enter TN politics?
When will Mark Zuckerberg be running for political office, and which office will it be?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
Which political party is better than BJP?
Why is India not a one-party state?
Do the conservative party have a history of putting the country in debt?
What is the best reply to "Jaanta hai mera baap kaun hai"?
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
What is the main theme of international political economy?
Is Trump going to pull off the Nixon "I am not a crook" line, or are we already beyond that?
Why are Europe and other countries voting for either such odd or inexperienced political leaders? Is it disillusionment?
Is the European Union a federation or a confederation? How can one define its political set-up?
What are the main factors and reasons the alt-right and the left are currently rising in today's politics?
What are Quora’s political inclinations?
What is good and bad about democracy happen in Mongolia?
Can double taxation be used to fight corruption in any nation? If yes, how?
What are the minimum votes required to become a member of the Rajya Sabah?
Is a president of a country a manager?
Can you truly say Hillary Clinton, and her Washington elite, would be doing a better job?
Was the 1932 German federal election free and fair?
Why did democratic socialism evolve in Europe but not the US?
Who should I vote for in the general elections?
How is socialism in Scandinavian countries working? Why did that same socialism failed for Greece?
Why do other developed democracies (US, Canada, France) use ballot paper for voting instead of EVMs?
Which living US politician/public figure would make for the least divisive POTUS?
Are there academic theories of power capable of explaining the actual dynamics of conspiracies?
Would a two-party system be better for the Philippines than the current multi-party system is?
Why do sites like Tech Insider attract so many right-wingers?
Why is the US becoming progressively a socialist-imperialist country?
How do honest officers/politicians handle situations when they see corruption but have no proof?
Why doesn't Malia Obama go to a community college?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
How is liberal democracy an outgrowth of modernity?
We see a definite shift worldwide from globalization and liberalism to protectionism and nationalism. What are the reasons for this?
Will May's Britain be a one-party state, or a one-woman state?
How can an average person become a president?
Are there any pro-life Democrats?
What brought an end to the Brazilian military dictatorship?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
How do I answer this type of questions in AIIMS 2017 ? "Country: President: : State: ? (A) Governor (B) Minister (C) Chief minister (D) Citizen"
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
Could growing up in a communist country cause narcissism?
What would happen if you refuse to address the President as "Mr. President"?
Regarding Tamil Nadu politics, what is the connection between Rajinikanth and P. Chidambaram?
What if every single world leader was right-wing?
What type of power does a Prime Minister or a President of any country has?
Why does the term international relations have a much wider meaning than international politics?
Why is it so hard to defend and so easy to attack in politics?
Is it acceptable in a democratic country like India that a fatwa be declared against someone?
What are the political and economic characteristics of a communist system?
Is the American presidency voting system a joke to the rest of the world?
Who elects the national and state political party president and secretary in India?
What happens if all the clean people from BJP (including Modi) and congress form a separate party?
What political views and policies would lead to the least problems?
What was the political cause of the uprising of 1857?
Is there something seriously wrong with the religion of Islam?
What is the present situation in Indian politics?
What is the difference between religion and a political doutrine?
What is the purpose of taking away a felon’s right to vote?
MH-17 Tribunal what is that from your point of view? A political farce or something I should learn about law? Besides, I know the public attitude here, in Russia, so I look forward to see what you guys think.
Why are new Cabinet Secretaries appointed after a President is Reelected?
When is the imposition of a president’s rule implemented?
What do the people wish from our politicians?
Is the Satanic Temple a political organization?
Who was the best chief minister of Tamil Nadu? Why?
What are the issues or problems that Estonia is currently facing?
Are there any statistics available on forecasting failures?
What are the difficulties people face in a non-democratic democratic country?
My "secular" London state school allows Muslim students to pray, but provides seperate rooms for boys and girls. Is this endorsing Islamic sexism?
What do mainland Europeans think of the UK?
Considering that mostly Democrats commit gun violence in the US (98 percent), will gun control laws give them easier targets to shoot at?
What are the arguments for monarchy?
What is the analysis for political poles according to the theory of realism, liberalism, English school, critical theory and constructivism?
Why do some red states have Democratic governors and blue states Republican?
Is there a better way of teaching maths than exclusion?
Why is it hard for politicians (who had no previous job experience before politics) to get a job after they leave office?
Are the modern Olympic games true to the stated mission, or have they become politicized?
Is democracy possible without capitalism?
Why has the EC gone silent on EVM Hackathon?
Isn't the redistribution of wealth the same as socialism? Is this the current policy direction of the Democratic Party in the U.S.?
Which political leader do you think will fill the void left by JJ in TN?
How did American companies gain a strong foothold all over the world?
Are Australia's interests that similar to US interests, or are Chinese commentators right to claim that US bases are "holding a gun to our head"?
Is national investigation agency of India good place to work? Is it free from any political influence?
Do you think if actor Rajinikanth gets into TN politics next year, will he win the next state election and become CM?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
Why did Trump win but Le Pen lost?
Did countries prosper under fascism? My great grandfather was from fascist Italy and said it was a much better place than it is today.
Which political party would a business analyser working in London vote in the up-coming election and why?
How can we apply Machine Learning in Political Science/Politics?
What are the established facts of the Brazilian political crisis that has been ongoing since 2014, behind partisan narratives from all sides?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
What do you mean by dirty politics?
What are street politics?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
How does globalization affect the international political economy?
Do you believe that liberalism and capitalism are fully compatible?
Is religious fanaticism in politics harmful for a democratic setup?
Did Trump deliver his speech in Saudi without a teleprompter?
"Optics" has suddenly become a popular political term. How did this just develop?
Why don't Democrats reach out to Republican voters, instead of talking about how they'll die off in a few years?
Which side of the political divide in Northern Ireland did more to bring communities together?
I own houses in 2 different states. Can I vote in the municipal and assembly elections of both the states?
Why is an independent election commission important?
If a particular demographic is statistically tied to a type of crime, is it bigoted for the larger population to not want any more of the demographic?
How much will India benefit from Rouhani being re-elected as Iranian President?
Is Malaysia commonly seen by other countries as a corrupt country led by corrupt leaders?
Can lawmakers enact legislation for any purpose “in the public interest” or are they limited to those functions which delegate special powers?
What are some examples of political nationalism?
Which are the democratic countries having fundamental duties in their constitution?
What happens if Rajnikanth joins politics?
What is the exact meaning of “Minister of State for Home affairs”?
Why are British Indians so powerful and wealthy?
When should you not vote in a democracy?
How was the government formed?
What are politics and values?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
What major events have happened in the U.S. since January?
How do we choose our president?
Has anyone gone on a political journey from one ideology to the next?
What is France’s type of government?
What would conservative Muslim opinions look like in US politics?
Do you try to understand the Turkish point of view when it comes to EU-Turkish relations?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
Is money has all powers for politicians?
Should religious beliefs have any part of politics?
Why is Saudi female empowerment led by women with wealth and means rather than middle/lower class women?
Who was the first deputy chief minister of Bihar, and what was his contribution to the Independence movement?
I really have linguistic abilities as well as good knowledge in political issues, how can I reach the channels and get interviews with them?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Will Rajnikanth be better off being a kingmaker in TN politics?
How do I protect myself against being fired for my political views?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
Someone I know once said that Japanese nationalism was basically communism. Is this accurate?
Why are Christians traditionally right-wing?
If a president dies mid-term, and the VP finishes off the rest of his/her term, does the VP get to run for president once or twice after that?
What is Political Obligations and what are it's theories from liberal perspective?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
What’s your expectation from the local election in Nepal?
How powerful is the Indian government?
Why can’t even one Republican stand up and admit that Kellyanne Conway makes absolutely no sense?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
If you get a chance to end the political career of 3 Indian politicians, who would they be?
Should world leaders consider morality in the conduct of international relationships?
Did the Iran Revolution in 1979 indirectly cause the Iran--Iraq War?
What happens when a country doesn't follow ICJ's judgement?
Is the term "liberal" outdated?
What would happen if Trump & Pence got impeached for corruption? Would Paul Ryan become President?
For people not in the US, has Trump made you pay attention to US politics in a way you didn't before?
Has there ever been a film which has caused protests, riots, violence, or tomatoes thrown at in cinemas?
Why do particulate political party representative attend Arnab Goswamy kind of television debate to get trashed like this whatever the matter is?
Is there a foreign policy newspaper that is not left-wing? I would prefer either a conservative or a libertarian one.
Wasn't there a time when right wing people were suspicious of Russia?
Do you prefer communism or capitalism?
Why does nationalism have such a bad connotation?
How do you fight off the feeling that no matter what you do, nothing will change about American politics?
Is an education in law necessary for politicians?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Is it better for school board members to be elected or appointed?
Is the parliament system in politics based on the Socratic method or dialogue?
How do you picture 'Life' in a Perfect Utopian Society?
How many Parliamentary forums at present in India ?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
If a politician can't get elected to the senate in their own state, do they move to another state and run there?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
What would have been the economical and political landscape of today if oil had not been found in the Middle East?
Why do the Conservatives hate the poor?
Is liberalism hijacked from the inside?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
Was Lenin a good example of how communism should work?
Why do you think academics are striving to become politicians & defeat political corruption instead of defeating the fraud and corruption in academia?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
Should leftists support Rojava?
Why are people on Quora so polite?
Why isn't the current political Zionism considered to be equivalent of a right-wing extremist ideologue?
How did ABVP become leader of Indian student politics?
What do Democrats think now of "Elections have consequences"?
How are countries like the UK and France able to have multiple political parties?
How did nationalism grow in Latin America?
What is your opinion on Saurabh Bhardwaj's EVM demo?
What is the comparison between parliamentary and presidential (executive) forms of government, with reference to India and the USA?
For history class, I have to give a speech. I have to take the side of Idi Amin, the Ugandan dictator. How should I approach this?
Why is politics said to be a dirty job?
If every being are univerally connected to one, why are we taught politics, by such learned people like Chanakya?
With the manipulation of the prosecutors' office in the Lezo case, should the Chief Fiscal Maza and the Anticorruption Fiscal Moix resign?
How should a 2016 accounting graduate break into public service/politics when most positions require a social sciences major?
What is the capitalist version of national socialism?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
What do you think it would be a good name for a new political party/movement in Europe?
Why is Lalu Yadav so successful in Bihar politics?
What makes authoritarianism and oppression of political opponents more dignified in Singapore than in Russia?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
When did being liberal become a bad thing? Why is there so much hatred for liberals?
How would you feel if you interfered with a foreign country's election and got away with it?
As a caring citizen who has no time to run for office, what can I do to resist Republicans' inhumane policies? I already vote & write my legislators.
Who is the most corrupt politician in Pakistan and why?
What is it like to hold nationalist and conservative views in a liberal university? What would happen if you speak your opinion?
What are the pros and cons of Estonia getting the first AI member of parliament?
Why did the Kochs offer millions to vote against ACA repeal? I'm so confused.
Why has socialism never worked?
Why don't people recognize that communism is contrary to human nature?
How can we get rid of the political parties with all the prejudices these entail?
In which direction is Iranian politics heading?
Should liberals be allowed to vote?
What is the difference between art and science of politics?
“If even 1% of the population of a nation is radicalized, the future of the nation is uncertain.” Is Europe threatened by any religious invasion?
Does the political left stand for homogeneity or heterogeneity?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
Do Russians support restoring the monarchy?
What is the importance of the political ecology of health?
Could we be in for a surprise Democratic victory in the May 25th Montana house special election?
What are the characteristics of external sovereignty?
Why do people become socialists?
Quora is becoming a country. You must elect a cabinet in this virtual country. Which Quorans do you choose?
What is wrong with American politics?
What would happen if you assassinated an ex-president? Is there a difference politically between a current and former POTUS dying by your hand?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
Am I the only one disgusted with US politics?
What is a one-party system?
Why weren’t the words socialist and sovereign added to the constitution earlier?
Who prefers and spends more on the provision of global public goods? Is it left- or right-wing parties?
How bad is the US at separating church and state?
If liberals want universal health care, then why did they pass Obamacare and not a universal health care bill under the Obama administration?
Why has the world suddenly become interested in stabilizing somalia after ignoring it for over 20 years?
Who is the current central foreign minister?
Is the way Putin's supporters denying Assad's crematorium the same as how many one time denied the Holocaust?
Is the term National Socialist offensive to use?
When was the last time politics did massive good for humanity?
What factors influence the political equilibrium?
What are the role of caste in Indian politics?
What is your opinion on the level of political knowledge among youth in India?
Can Rajinikanth become a good politician?
If you’re a political leader of India’s democratic party and you won, what would you do?
How can I practice communism on my own to experiment with?
Can the use of propaganda be justified?
What do you think are the dumbest cliches in contemporary political discourse?
Has Ravish Kumar ever questioned Lalu Prasad Yadav?
What are the political challenges in the Philippines?
What are the obstacles of the libertarian movement, outside of the USA?
How are Italian political polls done?
Should students have walked out on the Pence speech?
Has Canada ever abandoned liberalism?
Why would a non-rich person vote for a right-wing party? What benefit would they gain from it?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
How can scientists protest against corrupt officials?
How long will 'nations' continue to exist? What could the next structure be?
Why don't politicians work for the very people who vote for them, knowing that if they deliver only 10-20% of what is needed, that people will vote for them again?
Which is the best way to vote with an EV ballot?
Is the politics of 'spin' inevitable in the media age?
Is it right that politicians pass bills for assembly house wages and perks that are disproportional to their work input?
Why don't we see any politician talking about the end of reservations, including PM Modi?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
Is there election prediction software?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
Which political party did Rajinikanth support in the 90s?
Why can't there be a chief minister for India?
Why do so many poor people in the UK vote Tory when the party so blatantly favours the rich?
After his term, do you think Donald Trump will write a book? If so, what might it be called?
What is the key difference between cooperative and competitive federalism?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
Is Justin Trudeau a populist?
What specific evidence or reasoning explains why a special counsel has been appointed to investigate Trump and collusion with the Russians?
What are examples of communist states?
In a democracy, what can a far right party actually do?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Why can't we remove bigots who are leaders of a country?
Do the USA, in a completely genuine sense, need a president who is also a showman of sorts?
Does communism take away your freedom?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
When did the right wing become so enamored of cruelty?
How can the criminalization of politics be avoided?
It breaks my heart to see political leaders dividing my country for their own benefits. Isn't there any way to reunite people?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
Do you feel hopeless when discussing politics?
What would happen if all the countries on Earth will be destroyed completely except one?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
What is a state religion?
Who is the present home minister?
Don't conservatives realize that liberals are not going away? Will not stop voting? Will not lose interest in the American process?
Why do conservatives post so much political ideology thinly disguised as questions?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
Should private land and banks be illegal? If so, why?
Have Australian politics stabilized or will we see more prime ministers with shortened terms?
What has caused the rise of extremism in the world in recent time?
What do Scandinavians think of democratic socialism?
What is your expectation of Sri Lanka in the next 15 years politically, economically and socially?
What are the people in Venuezla protesting?
How can I win an election as a short male?
Why didn't Jesus get involved in politics?
Why are political parties fearing after hearing the news that Rajinikanth is going to enter politics?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
Who could be the next opposing PM against Narendra Modi?
Are there any countries which successfully made a transition from the two-party system to the multiparty system?
What is so important about politics to you?
What are some outrageously false myths/canards that persist among liberals and progressives?
What does the local government do for schools?
How great is UC Berkeley's international relations/political science division? Are the teachers abrasive?
What nation is most likely to cause World War III? (Which is the nation that will be the "bad guy"?)
What do you mean by dirty jobs in politics?
Are liberals only liberals because of the lack of racial "diversity" in their states?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
Is it true that internal politics at older media outlets like the New York Times are a bigger barrier to progress than coming up with a new direction?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
How do I convince a socialist that socialism doesn't work?
Do you prefer communism, socialism or capitalism?
Does white privilege exist? If so, what is it?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
Why is Congress so powerful?
What is Maoism, and how does it differ from Marxism?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
What happens when a member of the Lok Sabha (Mallikarjun Kharge) wants to ask questions to a minister who is elected to the Rajya Sabha (Arun Jaitley)?
What are some bad things that Betsy Devos did or is planning on doing?
What would be the pros & cons of an election law requiring any donations to a political campaign to come from a person or business within the polity?
What if Operation Ajax never occurred? Would Iran be a democracy today?
I'm pro-life but I agree with Democrats on almost every other issue, who can I vote for?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
What kind of career should a future presidential candidate pursue in order to become a president?
Why don't socialists advocate equal distribution of sexual pleasure?
What would happen if the leader of your country suddenly announced that he/she is actually gay/bi?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
What happened to leftism?
In what bad ways do politicians drive the media to influence our minds? What are their means of doing so?
Why is Vladimir Putin into larger government when it comes to economic freedoms, for someone who is big on being tough and hard on people?
Why does the "made in" label matters?
Who is the legal minister?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
In what way are politics affected by social media?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
Why are there so few brown senators?
What is democratic government?
Who is the best politician in Bihar? Why?
Why do Republicans constantly say that Democrats believe that Russia changed ballots or interfered at the voting places?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
Shouldn't Sally Yates run for political office?
Would a highly politically-active left-wing woman consider dating a right-wing man, despite their radical differences in opinion?
How is/was the son/daughter of a rich Venezuelan politician?
How plausible is it for Trump's Administration to become a dictatorship?
Does the DPRK president Kim Jong-un travel overseas, like to visit Russia, China, etc.?
Do democrat and republican liberals still believe and stand for liberty alike?
What does federalism mean?
What do you think of the Open Challenge on EVM tampering posed by Election Commission of India to all Political Parties from 3rd June?
Why don't the Pakistani people organise a massive rebellion against the incumbent establishment to root out corruption & improve their country?
Is centrism a good solution to the politically left and right?
What is the most complicated political/economic ideology?
What is the greatest deception (or conceit) in human thinking about science, religion, politics, and history?
Do you consider the claim that social democrats are responsible for Rosa Luxemburg's death valid?
America seems to be politically divided as never before, and it seems to be getting even worse. When will this polarization stop?
Why does VS Naipaul say there is a fundamental flaw in the Indian ethos?
To what extent was Spain a fascist state?
What hypothetical scenarios would destroy the Tories government before the General Election 2017?
Why doesn’t Quora create a debate section since many of the questions on religion/political scenarios and the likes seem to be debatable rather than plain Q&A?
What are some examples of presidential powers?
What is the benefit of the 2 party political system if progress is stalled or reversed whenever the party majority shifts from one election cycle to the next?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Are people's political views determined by their news sources?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
Is the only problem with communism the lack of incentive to work? If so, how can you fix it?
Why does the political left not acknowledge the hypocrisy of the rhetoric that targets their political adversaries as somehow uniquely associated with historic acts of evil when similar rhetoric could be in fact leveled against them with similar truth?
Are there people on Quora who use the term "cuck" in a non-ironic manner when discussing political issues?
What would have happened if Darth Maul and Savage Opress had killed Darth Sidious/Chancellor Palpatine in 20 BBY?
What are the ups and downs of Nebraska's unicameral legislature?
What is the cost of an average local political campaign in the US?
Is there really any way to fight corruption?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
Will the time come when people can be free to choose between a socialist and capitalist system?
Who is your favorite U.S. Senator who doesn't represent your home state?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
Does Ali AlShamshi believe in technocratic communism?
How do citizens of tyrant Arab states feel about political life?
What are the contributions of APJ Abdul as a president?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
With center-right governments being elected worldwide, what changes do you forsee for people around the world?
What are Russia's most prominent social conservative politicians?
Is there any real fundamental difference between dictatorship and monarchy besides the invocation of divine mandate?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
Since "progressives" are now actually "regressives", will the right wing be the new home of free-thinking liberal ideology?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
Who is the most eligible person for the post of next Indian President?
How high do you rate Ecology in your political priorities?
What do you study in politics?
Is it better for a country to believe in God than a political ideology?
Has the Democratic Party thrown out personal responsibility by inventing political "rights" for identity groups?
What would happen if people were penalized for being on the wrong side of a vote in a democracy? Would that necessarily lead anywhere dystopian?
Would there still be gambling under communism?
Given the political atmosphere, will we see more citizens leaving America?
How do I become an MLA, or at least a Corporator? How do I start? I don't have any political connections or background.
Is King Ravana better than current-day politicians? Don't consider his controversies, rather his administration.
Why doesn't China help Vietnam solve corruption by punishing corrupt Vietnamese officials?
How does Canada compare on the world stage militarily, economically and as an overall political power?
In public relations and politics, is spin inevitable?
Is the world becoming more fun?
Are all Indian male politicians “randibaaz” (womanizers)?
What are some TV programs that have good debates?
How is Mumbai different from Thane politically?
Do only politicians become president?
Why are fascist ideologies considered “extreme right”, when they are in reality in the center of the political spectrum?
What does Gordon Miller think of libertarianism?
Is Vietnam a carbon copy of Communist Yugoslavia?
What are your views on the recent pulse scam of 400 crores in the Maharashtra Government?
How do pluralist politics work?
Is it true that in the next European elections Europeans will vote in Europarties instead of national ones?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
Do political parties in Tamil Nadu fear Rajinikanth's entry into politics?
What percentage of Americans are leftist, centerfield conservatives and right wingers?
Has Harvard ruined its reputation by admitting Obama, the worst president in history, through affirmative action?
What are some great features of past and present communist countries?
Who do you respect the most, in the political party that you oppose?
What do Germans think of the victory of Angela Merkel's CDU in North West Westphalia?
How the ''sanctity of state'' is the characteristic of a dictatorial regime?
Can Democrats point to a place in the Constitution where the so-called PolitiFact is mentioned?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
Would the American political system be improved if voters didn't know which party the candidate was from and voted based on their individual platform?
What would "Fly Over Country" like to hear from the Democratic party that would earn their vote?
Is democracy as we know it in demise?
Would the American people accept a political party similar to the UK Labour party? Would the party be successful?
Do you have to be white to be alt-right in politics?
What would you do if you were the dictator of India with full power?
Why are tariffs bad?
If both houses of Congress vote to appoint an independent counsel, can the President veto this?
Why did New York City elect Republican mayors, yet always votes for a Democratic president?
Where can I find “Country: President: :State: Governor” questions to practise?
What is the oldest good political party in Bangladesh?
What's it like being a center-leaning person watching their country be torn apart by the far left and far right?
Who are the key political philosophers regarding political representation?
How does a constitution as a structural instrument of the state attempt to introduce political order in a society?
What are some ideological differences between "Indicate" and "Syndicate" after 1969 split of congress?
Is it time for the western democracies to help Iran become a better balanced country?
If a United States President is impeached and found guilty, is that same President able to grant themselves a Presidential pardon?
Should there be a term limit for serving in Congress?
Are the Young Turks, Tim Poole, or any other independent journalist, propagandists when selling their ideology or thoughts on politics?
Are there any cabinet ministers with doctorates in Singapore?
Why would YouGov not ask someone which Prime Minister they would vote for, even though they’ve made it clear they’re interested in politics?
Why do only few monarchies exist today?
What happened with Sally Yates?
What is a pigeonhole in congress?
Should we continue to support the two party system?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
Should we set a limit for political correctness?
If the US and the West hadn’t acted in the way they did, would the soviets have won the cold war?
What qualities makes the speaker of the house to be the second in line for the presidency?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
Is Macron an exceptional politician and will he turn around France?
What are some lies told by progressives?
What would a Graphologists' analysis conclude about Donald Trump’s signature?
What do you know about Brazil’s actual politic situation? And what do you think about it?
Did the Russians manage the political campaigns of democracies like India, the USA, or France, given the strikingly similar style?
Why does the US have no prime minister?
Shouldn't the party you vote for get that vote and not be given to another party?
Between a terrorist and a nationalist, what’s more dangerous for a nation?
How many dictators were first elected as President?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
Why do Democrats claim communism is different from socialism when Communist Russia called itself the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics?
Would it be possible to craft a new party in the US that appealed to the political center?
Why would true socialism or communism work?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
Can you bring an example when a politician (in a democratic country) used religion for political gains?
Can the people of Quora argue for the opposition's political arguments?
Ex-communists, what made you leave communism?
Why is socialist Venezuela collapsing?
What are the opinions of youth on Indian politics?
For history, I have to give a speech in the perspective of Idi Amin, the African dictator, about an actual (political) subject. Any suggestions?
What was the political condition of India at the time of the Turkish invasion?
How can we stop Nepotism in Indian politics?
Who was New Zealand's greatest prime minister?
Just as the Republican party became conservative with time, and the Democratic party became liberal, what might happen in another 100 years?
What is the distinct definition of fascism, and what are its traits?
How can I respectfully disagree with someone with opposing political views?
How do I write an election campaign management case study?
How would you construct a question (or title for an article) that includes religion, race, politics, Trump’s election and the Civil War?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
Is India democratic? Or just pretending to be democratic?
How can the world function without money in Star Trek?
When will Raj Thackeray become CM of Maharashtra?
Are Tamils generally more left wing or right wing?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What should one do to become a good​ politician in India?
How does a politician become a political party member? Can the respective party simply say "no, we don't want you"?
Why didn't Karl Marx finish Capital Volume II and III before his deathbed?
How is statistics applied in politics?
Why are some politicians more loyal to the party than the voters?
Is the Trump association divided?
Why is Jewish lobby so influential in the politics of the USA?
What would be the solution to the problem "winning elections without money "?
What is your opinion about the Electronic Voting Machines for elections? Are they vulnerable to fraud?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
What has to be done to promote and protect areas affected by civil unrest?
Are you a progressive liberal, a conservative or a neoliberal?
Why the world people turning in to Far-Right?
Which US political party is most aligned with the philosophy of "live and let live"?
To what extent do the media shape political attitudes?
Why do most liberals support socialism but not monetary freedom?
What is communication theory in political science?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
What's wrong with Trump’s governance?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
Can I be a communist and not support transgenders?
Who is the most charming female politician?
What are the biggest reasons why the citizens of the U.K. voted for Brexit?
What are some books that are in favor of the political, and philosophical ideology of fascism? As well as the failures of other political systems.
Can a political party change its name?
How would you and your fellow countrymen react if your leaders started wearing capes?
My boyfriend and I have a major political view differences, should I see this as a problem to our future? Should I be concerned for this?
If only two people voted in an election, and each candidate got just one vote, who would win?
What is your view/opinion about Rajnikanth entering into politics?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
What if 9/11 never happened? How would this have affected the world politically and economically?
Why did some countries believe communism was a better way of life?
What were the causes of the clash between Confucianism and Communism?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
What are the chances that the EVM tamperings could only be a hoax? If not, how scary is this revelation?
How has religion affected politics in the Roman empire?
What are your views on the Republic Channel and its exposure of various political leaders?
What is the difference between annex and conquer?
What happens if a politician gets assassinated?
Which United States political party will win the White House in 2020?
Would Pepe Le Pew be considered politically incorrect today?
If in May 1940, Lord Halifax had grabbed at the British premiership when it was offered to him on a plate, would this question be written in German?
Would it be a good idea to make every politician a scientist? How would this impact the world for the better or the worse?
How liberal is the so-called 'liberal world order' many proclaim?
What does government and politics mean to you?
What is the job description or duties of a member of parliament in Canada?
Will BJP's absolute dominance of India's political life good for the Nation?
Via social media, I post semi-radical but wholly centrist views criticizing every institution with the principles of US liberty. Should I be in fear?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
What does the Reform Party represent?
What are any regimes committing suicide other than the present regime in Indian history?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
What do you think about China in politics and enconomy? And is the politics system suitable for the current China or the most of her people?
What are some examples of immigrants who are liberal in their adopted country but support conservative politics back home?
Is George Orwell's 1984 relevant in India today?
Is it religion that determines the morality of a nation? How does it affect the lives of secular individuals of such nation?
Who is the biggest idiot in modern Indian politics?
Should Corbyn/McDonnell now be condemned for talking to the IRA/Sinn Fein a few years before it became politically acceptable for the UK to do so?
Will our politics ever be unified and bipartisan again?
What rules of politeness change in China?
What is the possible way to make TN people understand true politics and select right leader?
How would gender socio-politically change in 100 years from now?
If you were given the presidency and control over all 3 branches of government of the USA tomorrow, what would you change?
Is there any way for governments to avoid power corrupting its politicians? If so, how? If not, what part of human nature makes corruption unavoidable?
Are anonymous donations for political candidates and parties in the USA legal?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
How did you come to be a liberal or a conservative?
Why do we take the popular vote seriously in 2016 when so many of them are either Negroes or college students?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Is all of Quora liberal?
Should there be an upper age limit for voting, or should 16-year-olds be allowed to vote?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why does someone want to be politically correct while answering questions?
Who are leftists and rightists? Do they vary from country to country?
In a non-Islamic country practicing democracy, can a Muslim citizen vote for a non-Muslim government/political leader?
Does communism really take away your freedom?
According to William Rickards, how do dictators rise to power?
How many peaceful protests turn violent?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Why can't India have a political system like that in the US?
How would a Trump impeachment affect the divide in the United States of America?
Who is the father of constitutionalism in western political thought?
What is the role of a prime minister?
Is "political correctness" the same as "free speech"? If so, why?
What type of socialization do you expect to adopt world affairs?
How can I become a member of Parliament in Canada?
Is it possible that political ideology is much less important than execution, political norms, and a relative lack of corruption?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
Is there any chance that the Communist Party will come to power in the next 100 years?
Is it possible that the "red prosecution" during the McCarthy era has something to do with Hollywood being overwhelmingly liberal?
Why don't most liberals think the Democratic party is corrupt, even though they are being sued on multiple counts of fraud?
If Sanders had won in 2016, would the US government now be more left-wing than Macron's?
Has the Lisbon Treaty really made the EU more democratic?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
Why is Lenin glorified by Marxists and socialists when he was a brutal murderer and dictator?
Is a "micro aggression" a real thing or just something right wing activists made up to make the left look stupid?
Is Emmanuel Macron best described as being classically liberal?
In 20 years, will the Tories be hammered in election?
Will he really be impeached and forced out of office or will he be known as The Teflon President?
I'm currently a mix between a classical liberal, and minarchist. Why should I go left economically, and what is wrong with an individualist ideology?
Why is Russia interfering with elections in favor of the right wing candidate?
Why is the Conservative Party of Canada posting so many memes on social media?
Why do we study political theory?
Will there always be dictatorships?
Why does China want to invade the South China Sea?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
If you had absolute power in America for one day, what would you do?
Why is communism dying?
What are some scientifically established facts that sound right-wing?
Why should a politician (MP, MLA, or any other) show his/her power?
After impeachment, can a president still call himself president?
Who are the most conservative Quora users?
When did liberalism change?
Is San Francisco a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Which will destroy the country faster, neoconservativism or neoliberalism?
What are the contribution of Aung San SuuKyi in Myanmar elections?
How do lawyers and political advisors use dirty rhetorical tricks to tarnish opponents and their positions?
What major changes are you expecting from Emmanuel Macron, the President of France?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
Will people power force a change in Venezuela? And is this the end of the socialist revolution started by the late president Hugo Chavez?
Why is it necessary for the constitution to place limitations on the rules?
Does the Pakistan government brainwash its people?
Did “Baahubali” succeed due to patriotism and nationalism?
Did Donald Trump’s first visit to Saudi Arabia win the hearts of the Muslim world?
In the UK, should I spoil my ballot or just not vote?
What is the poll where the UKIP voters are going to vote for this general election?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
Have you ever known anyone who made good on their promise to leave the country if so-and-so was elected?
Has Australian politics become more elitist and advocacy-group-driven since John Howard's Prime Ministership? If so, why?
Is Kejriwal promoting distrust in the system and in democracy to recruit more Urban Naxalites into their fold?
When was Ram Rajya established?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
How have people avoided becoming Democrats?
Is it possible to form a third ideology (other than capitalism and socialism)?
Why is there so much politics about Teen Talaak?
Is martial law okay to apply in Mindanao, Philippines?
If Liberals are causing the destruction of our country, then why is Russia trying to hard to support conservatives?
Why does our beloved Prime Minister choose to leave an impression of unpredictability among people at large?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
What can modern right-wing Republicans do to win Democrats and liberals over to their worldview?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
What are the policies that the Congress and other political parties had planned to form but that the BJP government successfully formed and implemented?
How can I relate the end of history to the hegemony of politics?
How would the world without the political boundaries?
Why do liberals want to shut down free speech?
What are some fundamental flaws with the idea of the afterlife?
How can street art, political cartoons, shopping, music, etc., help to explain the importance of gender in everyday life and politics?
Is socialism classless?
Why is it bad for the prime minister to meet with the ethics commissioner?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
Why do leftists continue to deny the left wing bias of the media in the face of such obvious facts to the contrary?
Why should a politician go for strategic campaigns?
How do you determine the election day?
Why do you think Donald Trump is a bad president?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
Are people correct to criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for taking selfies instead of governing and making thing happen for Canadians?
What would be the economic, social, religious and political impacts if superheroes appeared in the real world tomorrow?
Is there more politics than work pressure in Kolkata companies?
Does the modern Right Drive prove that you don't need an economic turmoil to promote nationalist-authoritarian politics?
Is there any civic tech political party in the world?
Can you think of a reason why a politically democratic voting system might lead to disaster?
Are politicians shills to their political party?
What is the actual difference between the left and right political views, globally?
What are the general social & economic positions of the French left-wing & right-wing?
Is there really a problem with human rights in China?
Why does our prime minister never get out in the morning?
How can I start a coalition?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
Is it true that South African youth have lost interest in politics due to corruption that includes the private use of public resources?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
Why do the Brazilians like Sergio Moro if he is absolutely tendentious, wants to be a political, and very probably corrupt, person?
How is cultural Marxism influencing European and American politics?
Why do we Indians elect a corrupt politician again & again?
How accepted are Noam Chomsky's views in academic studies of political history?
Should the Democratic party change it's name?
Are Chinese politicians all soulless psychopaths like American politicians?
Why do Indians discuss more politics than any other country?
How can Justin Trudeau reconcile a 15 billion dollar military aid package to Saudi Arabia with his 'apparent' liberal values?
Is there any merit in the allegations raised by Kapil Mishra, ex-Cabinet Minister?
Are Trump voters new to politics?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
How did Germany become a democratic country?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
What is one way to unite the left and right sides of the political spectrum so that they engage in productive rather than inconclusive debates?
Can a good scientist become a successful politician?
Why do some people in the 1st world vote for radical leftists and populists?
Why don't Democratic politicians and the left-wing media condemn violent protests more?
Why is Lalu Yadav still in politics, given the Republic expose?
Did BJP have a mandate for the presidental election?
Can cultural integration and political separation bring about peace?
Why are bureaucrats accountable to a congress?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
Is a socialist, libertarian, and rationalist country the solution to all problems?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
If Flynn had been chosen as the vice president, wouldn't that have been a huge embarrassment for our country?
What exactly is going on with politics today? I have a kindergarten understanding of these things, please take that into consideration.
Will the Tories get a massive majority in the 2017 general election?
I want to be politically active in the future, but have some problems with where I stand politically. How do I solve my political dilemma?
Executive head of state?
Which democratic rights have India copied from other countries?
What is a hybird regime?
Why do liberals think that Nazism is right wing extremism?
Why is much of the political spectrum of Quora filled with bitter, angry people?
Why do some people state they hate identity politics yet they refer to minorites as some kind of monolith?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
I need political operatives for my future in us politics. How can I find them?
Why do some people think “identity politics” is oppressive?
Should Rajinikanth join politics?
Does Enda Kenny's resignation indicate that the next Irish general election could occur soon?
Is a political or a mob psychologist able to explain the current situation, such as how it evolved, its future, and the resolution?
What are some examples of pluralist politics?
What is your opinion on the Obamacare cost spike caused by Donald Trump?
Had Brigitte been 24 years younger than E. Macron, what effects could it have had on the results of the presidential election and media discussions?
If the most extreme right-wing constituency of our government could pass any laws and do as they pleased for 20 years, what would America look like in any and every aspect?
What are some characteristics of a parochial political culture?
What are the major differences between the political ideology of the APC and the PDP in Nigeria?
Which party are you going to vote for in 2019 and why?
Who benefited most from Marxism, rightists or leftists?
Are Democrats less partisan than Republicans?
What were some major political events which affected Reagan's popularity, before and during his presidency?
What are the things a common citizen can do if their democratic government is making ridiculous laws (misusing their majority) to accumulate more power?
Is it ok to refuse to register to vote?
What is politeness in terms of pragmatics?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
Do anti-globalists in US oppose international trade in principle or do they simply want different rules?
What are the political ramifications of McMansions?
Why are some people contentious?
Would you vote for a presidential candidate who had no religious affiliation?
How likely is it that all the countries of the world will one day fully cooperate politically and 100% peacefully?
Why are most democratic presidents lawyers and most republican presidents businessmen or military men before they go into politics?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
Why are the white people in the Midwest less worldly than the white people in other parts of the US?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
How did the Viet Minh help decolonise Indochina economically and politically?
What is Democraci?
Do people believe politicians should have experience?
What is classical political economy?
Are people who play empire-building games more likely to have authoritarian political views?
Are there any left-wing nativists?
Why the Right Drive seems to have trouble gaining traction in the continental Western Europe?
What is green anarchism?
Should I vote tactically?
What are the questions that the public should ask political parties before Karnataka goes to the polls?
Is UPSC the right choice for me if I'm not interested in politics?
What are the most liberal countries in the world and what are some of their most liberal policies?
Will Sally Yates run for President?
Is the 60 senate votes on the budget in the Constitution?
Do you agree to the reaction of the Political Rights of Corruptor?
What are your views on WHO Director General Dr Margaret Chan spending more on first class travel and luxury hotels than on AIDS and malaria?
How rigged are the election in Russia?
How would you describe with your insight into politics, economics, and society these days in Indonesia?
In what ways are Star Wars politics similar or different to our global politics today?
What change do you see in the current 'NaMo era' politics and the previous years' politics?
Who do you think was the best Lib Dem leader?
I’m planning to join active politics. I have decided the party but feel it's better to attract them and earn an entry. What should I do?
What is the most recent research by Jonathan Haidt on free speech and political correctness on university campuses?
Is there a balance between capitalism and communism?
Is our democracy hacked?
Which EU countries have more immigrants from the UK than emigrants to the UK?
What is the difference between a liberal in the USA and a liberal in Europe?
Can Modi finish off Lalu and AK’s political careers, based on the Republic TV report?
Keeping in view the political scenario of Pakistan, is it sensible to "love" our politicians? Should we be emotional or evaluate them?
What was the political impact of the Suez Crisis on both French and British politics?
Who was the first president?
What kinds of environments should politics not be involved in?
When will liberals realize that Islam is the problem?
What role could AI play in governance?
What do you find interesting about political philosophy?
Is humanitarianism left wing or right wing?
How do I explain Brexit from a comparative politics & normative perspective?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
Is there a viable argument for choosing British Parliamentary candidates through Open Primaries?
If liberals had the option to replace the rude but politically moderate Trump with a far more conservative but more PC President, would they?
Would Meral Aksener form her own political party, run for president in 2019, or neither?
Who is more powerful, a governor or a chief minister?
What former Presidents and Vice Presidents would be good for certain cabinet positions and other offices appointed by the President?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
Why is there a lack of Anarcho-Capitalism or Libertarian Capitalism in India?
Has 4chan grown too powerful in terms of its influence in media and politics?
Is democracy a door wide open to autocracy and despotism?
Suppose you are elected as a Mayor of Dhaka City. What works will you do first to change the city?
What is wrong in being a nationalist?
Why should leftist progressive opinions be absolutely and completely ignored?
Is it a good idea to give citizens control over their taxes via referendum?
Which best describes a liberal or conservative ideology, the glass half empty or the glass half full?
What should I study after journalism to be a better journalist?
How do the poor experience political democracy in India?
What are some negative impacts of religion on politics?
What happens if a vote of 'no confidence' is passed against a minister?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
When will all this confusion and chaos end in Tamil Nadu politics, regarding farmers, transportation, etc.?
Who was more popular: Putin or Hitler?
Is the Kashmir problem a political one or an ideological one?
What does “Member of Parliament can claim immunity” mean?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
Why were governments formed?
What are the best arguments against Marxist communism?
What is the best way to vote in the general elections?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
What are examples of the craziest moments from the political right and left?
Is paying attention to politics a waste of time?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
Is there any ideal political party in India?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
Which ideology do you think will dominate the world in the distant future of mankind? Leftist, Rightist, or Centrist?
If Maxime Bernier wins the Conservative Party leadership race, what would that mean for the party, considering Bernier's extreme neo-liberal agenda?
What do people of India think about Arvind Kejriwal?
Is a real democratic world government viable?
Is every democracy a failure or it is so in specific countries?
Why are our prime ministers, presidents etc. not professors of economics, politics, international law or something of that sort?
Would you rather live in a place with an all-powerful government or no government at all?
Why are all the Brazilian politicians corrupt?
I am interested in politics but I cannot start a career in my home country because it is corrupted and violent. What are my options?
Nepal’s Prime Minister, Pushpa Kamal Dahal, resigned today. What will be the next series of events?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
In the realm of politics, between Russia and the US, which one is the good guy, and which one is the bad guy?
Which quality would you prefer in a politician first 'honesty' or 'his/her respect in society'?
What do you think of NPO's like Make a difference? Are they really helpful in restructuring our country?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
Would people from Germany vote for someone that moves there and becomes a politician?
What are the flaws of anarchism?
What do Kerala people want/expect from their political party/leader?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
What is it really like to be a conservative or “right” leaning individual within academia?
Why is Modi silent on Hindu extremism?
What are some awesome shayaris for Indian politics?
Why would you support nationalism?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
What is the art style used commonly in political posters called and where does it come from?
How can we common people contribute to our Nation?
Who is third in line to become president should a president not be able to finish his/her term?
If you close your eyes and imagine utopia, what do you see?
What are some examples of wasteful government expenditures?
Is Robert Mueller an unbiased and intelligent enough source to head the Russian investigation?
What is main theoretical divide between Political Science and Public Administration as social science disciplines?
Why is it not possible to vote for the policies you like rather than for a party?
What are some speech topics for national current affairs?
Is it reasonable to break up with someone you're in love with, because of their politics?
When will Lalu Yadav get his punishment?
Why don't political reporters ask politicians where they see areas of potential compromise with the opposing party?
Should the AAP still be credited as the face of alternative politics?
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
What are the flaws of centrism?
Which country is the safest from a dictator taking over?
At this point, is Trump purposely trying to get himself removed from office?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
What are push and pull factors for Syrian refugees?
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Did Hitler give Germans "false pride," like how Putin is doing with bold talk of Russian destiny?
Is there a global political movement towards the right to far right given the campaign of Modi in India, Trump in the USA, Marine in France?
How can Rajni change the dynamics of Tamil Nadu politics?
How do you feel about Macron's win in France?
Why is the prime minister in Germany called the "Chancellor"?
Why do dictators tend to pass power to their sons rather than their daughters?
Has communism changed the way you see the world?
Would Distributism be an effective alternative to Capitalism and Socialism/Communism?
Considering Obama's love of Cuba, communism is still okay, so why can't we have fascism?
What do you think of Sima Nan?
On May 18, 2017, Jacques Fresco died. How did global politicians react to this fact?
If you became a ruler of a country, what would your rules and regulations be in your country?
Does the Turkish Prime Minister no longer have any power or meaning?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
What do you think about Kejriwal? Is he really corrupt like other politicians?
Would you approve of a war (maybe political, racial, or economic) between citizens and how would you survive it?
Can alternative science and spirituality change social order and how?
Is it possible for a Senator or Congressman to never meet the president while serving?
How would libertarians get from here to their model society?
Does not having the right to breed and have children enforced by a government seem like a bad idea?
Would you date someone with opposing political views? Is it a deal breaker or irrelevant?
How great of a threat were the countries in Indochina to the US and the West during the Cold War?
What were Margaret Thatcher’s social views?
If there is democracy in the US, why were communists persecuted in the 1940s and 1950s?
Why are our universities​ infected with leftist​ ideology​?
What's a good way to analyze politics in India?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
What advice do you give to a couple who have opposing political stances which lead to lots of fights?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
Why is it important to know residential mobility patterns?
Who is the most successful political leader of Nepal?
What is the political future of Mamta in West Bengal?
Would it be an economic and political advantage if neighbours of India consolidate to form a single nation?
Who is the the newly elected president of France?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
Would Mike Pence, if he didn't become Vice President, have won reelection as Indiana’s Governor?
What is meant by "sovereignty of British Parliament"?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
Do you ever fantasize about world domination?
Would voters be motivated or disheartened to vote for a candidate running in California who had previously worked at the CIA?
What do you think of the class action lawsuits by Sanders supporters accusing the DNC and Hillary of election fraud and paying less than minimum wage?
Will an impeached president have his portrait in the hall of presidents?
Do you think Trump practices willful ignorance and selective bias? Can such strategy work as POTUS?
Are there any people who reached incredible success by being a follower and not a leader?
What is the first-past-the-post system?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
Can you call a former president Mr. President?
Which party will you vote for in the 2017 Gujarat election?
Why does Tamilians can't accept Rajinikanth political entry?
For which country would an Indian have a chance to become the prime minister or president in the near future?
In predominantly Muslim countries, are atheists worse off than Christians?
When did the monarchy start to lose power?
What is the best way to approach a career in politics?
Who are the most trustworthy and fair-minded voices in the American political landscape?
Which political parties are good for the country?
How can you run a country without government?
Is there such a thing called a conservative Democrat like a right wing Democrat rather than the left?
What is the logical structural solution to social, economic, environmental, and political problems, injustices, and degradation given a market state?
Why aren’t students in politics? Can’t they manage it?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
Some countries have a President as well as a Prime Minister. What are their roles?
Are ex presidents private citizens?
What do you call it when you intentionally bring on an awful representative or a horrible example of an opposing idea in order to strengthen yours?
Frankly speaking, with all the differences in values, who is the world's best leader?
What is the difference between being “anti-political correctness" and being rude?
Why are the Democrats fighting Trump so hard?
Why/how do working class Britons vote for the Tories?
Do you plan on voting or otherwise participating politically when you turn eighteen?
Do Democrats /Liberals want Nuclear War with Russia and kill millions of people? How can democrats/Liberals can be irresponsible?
Why are Hollywood types leftist?
What are some news stories that have have been overshadowed by recent events in US politics?
Does double jeopardy apply with a presidential clemency?
Leftists of Quora, what’y your honest opinion of Titoism?
What suggestions can be given to youngsters who want to enter state politics?
Who was the most ideological/idealistic U.S. president and who was the most Machiavellian/opportunist?
Is anarchism distinct from liberalism?
Why didn't our PM Modi utter a word about the person who was beaten by a Shiv Sena politician (the flight incident)?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What else is going on in U.S. politics in May 2017 that prompted Comey to garner such distracting attention?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
In two sentences, what is the difference between liberals and conservatives?
Why is democracy popular?
What is the future of nationalism?
How is the Russian Far Eastern economic region from the perspective of the international political economy?
What would happen if the UK became a Republic, not a monarchy?
What are the best arguments against monarchy?
Is the United Arab Republic achievable today or any time soon?
Why is AK not behaving like an IITian, but rather like a corrupt politician?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Are liberals the new facists?
What/who is the most dangerous group/person in the world?
What was the first form of self-government in the colonies?
From a practical geo-political perspective, should the West put China back under its boot?
To what extent does the executive control the parliament?
Who was the first Canadian president?
Why do Arabs always blame Europeans and Americans for all their problems?
Is the communist movement based on a philosophy?
Do all British parties use electoral gender quotas?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
Would Brazil have been more politically stable if it had remained a monarchy?
Is it acceptable to abstain from voting?
Are people who have traveled a lot in the world less prone to dogmatic beliefs and untruthful propaganda?
When did Communism become the primary ideology of the Democratic Party in America?
Who is better, Ravish Kumar or Arnab Goswami, in terms of raising awareness and having analytical skills?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
Is there any correlation between parties within EU (in terms of ideology)? Like what do CDU/CSU in Germany correspond to in Austria/Switzerland/Britain/etc.?
How do Prime Ministers choose people for Cabinet posts?
Is it true that pro right wing Jagmohan ruined the situation of Kashmir and turned the political issue into a religious issue?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Are there any world leaders or former world leaders that use Quora?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
Are Republicans in favor of a US oligarchy run by an autocrat, similar to the Russian system?
Why is it so easy to be corrupted by power and what sets apart those who handle power well?
Are you sure you are a liberal?
Why do many people claim that Macron will turn France over to German hegemony despite his outspoken criticism of massive German trade surpluses?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
Are liberals and their self-interests disbanding the Democratic Party?
Are the overly politically correct a threat to Western civilization?
How can I become a political scientist in a country like India? What does a political scientist do?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
Why are people saying that the Democratic party is currently experiencing an "identity crisis"? Is the GOP not also experiencing an identity crisis?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
Is there anyone who voted conservative in 2015 and Leave in the 2016 referendum who is thinking of voting other than Conservative on June 8th, 2017?
Could Tony Blair hypothetically become prime minister again if he were to return to politics?
Could now-former FBI Director James Comey run for president in 2020?
What will be the condition if educated youths jump towards politics?
What are the causes of the rise of rebirth of nationalism in America and some European nations?
When will liberals stop lying?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
What is the name of the Pakistan prime minister today?
Is the U.P. chief minister married?
What is your view about the Indian politics?
What will happen if Mueller's investigation shows that Trump is innocent, regardless of whether Trump's campaign officials are shown to be innocent?
Is it irony that Trump's catchphrase was "You're Fired" before becoming POTUS and as POTUS he has fired so many people?
How does Iran vote?
Would a dictator help a western country at the present time?
Is the party affiliation of tellers at polling stations a good clue if one wants to know how to vote tactically?
Why is it so important to build an organisational structure for any political party?
Do you support street politics and have some relevant experiences?
Why don't countries throw dice to select politicians?
Was using Patton as a decoy during the Normandy invasion a strategic decision or a political one?
What is the influence of the National Emergency proclamation (Article 352 )?
Socialists have been at work for about 100 years. Where is the socialist paradise?
What is the meaning of council of minister?
Can you argue Marxism vs libertarianism as objective as possible, with points made that showcase understanding for both?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
Who is the prime minister of Brazil?
How can an act of parliament be repealed?
What is your view on RSS prescribing fair, tall ‘customised’ babies? Is this dystopia in the womb?
Why do Tamilians don't want Rajinikanth in politics?
Why do politicians say that the American soldiers are fighting for their country, when in fact, they are inside someone else's country?
What is the best party system?
What new ways of organizing society would historians expect to see after secular democracy?
What is the “country: president: : state: governor” type of question called?
What does my political compass say about me?
Should we give anything that is made of atoms equal rights and the right to vote?
What are the differences between neo-Nazis and National Socialists?
Why is there a rise of right-wing populism in the world?
What is the good thing from Marxism?
Can you list things that I can protest about?
Which country best represents the Democratic vision for America?
Would solving court cases become easy if, a lie detecting machine, truth serums, a psychologist and a hypnotist are present during a court hearing?
Why do people generally vote for people who probably don't serve their best self-interest?
What is the political situation world wide?
If Trump were to resign, would the "Resist" movement target Pence next and refuse to cooperate with him as well?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
What is the common man's opinion of Lalu Prasad Yadav? Is he really a corrupt person, or is that a media creation?
Can the egoist/individualist anarchism of Max Stirner be considered closer to a national-anarchism than to a traditional left anarchism?
What factors is much likely to change the party systems?
Have there ever been any witches in politics?
Is it possible for a centrist party to develop in the USA?
How does Scandanavian-style socialism differ from the communism we've seen in Venezuela?
Was Deputy AG Rosenstein made aware of a recording of the meeting between Comey and Trump?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
What's the security for political parties in India if they fail in elections?
If Trump nominated Abraham Lincoln as Director of the FBI or to the Supreme Court, would there be strong resistance?
How has mankind acquired the authority to conquer nations in order to "civilize" indigenous people? Does politics define morality and goodness?
Which political parties are pro points-based immigration in the UK?
What is significance of the Erdogan regime in the context of world politics?
Why are the politicians demonizing Russia? Doesn't that increase the risk of WWIII?
How public opinion, influenced by the media are threat to democracy?
What criticisms of your political party are actually valid?
Will Western democracies ever cease to exist due to shifting attitudes and values?
How can a young adult start volunteering for a political party?
What is the best way to be elected president or prime minister as an independent?
Why are European Politicians younger than American Politicians?
Is martial law bad (I'm asking this since our country declared martial law about an hour ago)?
In what major countries, if any, can a non-native (someone born outside the nation) be elected to the office of president?
Which books should a person with a sheer interest in politics read?
How do leaders who are perceived as 'enemies', know that they won't be arrested when they visit western countries?
Will artificial Intelligence ever be used to create harmony amongst mankind?
What can we expect from Rajnikant being in politics?
Which country do you think has the best political system that has contributed significantly to its progress and why?
What are some lies told by conservatives?
Is it just a coincidence that "conservatives" who buy into the right wing alternate realities also reject science in favor of faith?
Why is it a big deal for Congress to use its subpoena power?
What is the distinct difference between centralisation and bureaucracy in terms of the Modern State?
What is civil religion?
What are some examples of centrifugal and centripetal federations?
Do you know any good (long) background story articles on the current corruption scandals and political crisis in Brazil (Petrobras, Odebrecht)?
Why can’t India have only the president, thereby we can reduce corruption from so called big political parties?
Without using EVM's, how can elections be conducted in fair manner?
What are the changes today's government has brought in our country?
How do left political parties finance themselves around the world?
Who is the most corrupt politician in Andhra Pradesh?
What politician is similar to Duplessis?
Why has political speech become so hateful and divisive, and why has real tolerance become so rare (yet constantly preached)?
Why, when they talk about socialism, do libertarians ignore nations in the EU and elsewhere?
Can ex presidents refuse secret service protection?
What is your view on recent college protests?
How is federalism practiced?
Has our judiciary hanged any politician till today?
What can I do after graduating with a master’s in international political economy?
Do you think Twitter India is biased against the right wing?
Will Sally Yates run for office?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
I'm a liberal social worker and I got a paper cut at work, should I sue the Russians?
Why doesn't Tulsi Gabbard go back to India and do politics, and leave the presidency to real Americans?
What is the difference between a parliament and a cabinet?
What is the closest example to capitalist anarchism, and what are the arguments for it?
Will there be a separatist movement in Maharashtra and Karnataka in the near future?
Was Schubert politically active?
Do ex-presidents miss being president?
My political science teacher told me that socialism initially runs well, but the countries practicing it will eventually fail. Is this true and why?
What is left ideology?
What is your personal approach to globalisation, and do you think that globalisation is mostly positive or negative?
How can I get involved politically as a teenager in Canada?
Why is there so much falsehood regarding rights, or perhaps is the term ‘Gun deaths’ a distraction from far more important real issues?
Is it true that Democrats are tough on cops, soft on crime?
Why are patriotic people considered Right Wingers in India?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
What will be the political future of Tamil Nadu?
Why is World Economic Forum at Davos so good at honoring corrupt leaders to speak at their summit, such as Toledo who is on the run from Interpol?
Will U.S. voting districts ever be fairly redrawn, and also allow appropriate minority representation, without favoring or disadvantaging either party?
What would happen if children from 10 years and up were given the right to vote?
What are some things that regular citizens do, but not communists?
How do I find good politicians?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
What are the different forms of government around the world?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
Will the new FBI director reopen the investigation against Hillary Clinton? Is an indictment likely?
Why is Jon Ossoff such a war hawk?
What does Cambridge Analytica do?
What are the pros and cons of meeting the president?
Can I go into Architecture and still become a politician or the president of a country?
What would be the immediate reaction from people if there was a mass murderer that murdered everyone in Congress/Parliament?
Which is better, Pure Communism or Pure Capitalism?
How can I meet the transport minister of Center/Haryana or Delhi?
Is Donald Trump a good leader?
What does "when a leader speaks, that leader dies" mean?
Which is the last political murder in Kerala?
Can a Vice President be removed from office?
Can Sharia be imposed in our secular Indian democracy by any political party?
Can you imagine being in a corruption free nation? How does it feel?
If a person is acting President during a president's first term and becomes president 2 years into the second term, can they be elected twice?
Is capitalism the invisible monarchy?
Why didn't state socialism work?
What are the the duties of the majority whip?
Why do we avoid political facts and viewpoints that contradict our own? Why are honest, formal debates so rare nowadays?
In regards to Robert Dahl's requirements of a large-scale democracy, what is meant by "associational autonomy" and "inclusive citizenship"?
Is it still OK for a Muslim man (me) and his wife to move to London considering the current situation? Will we be welcomed?
Could the House/Senate block a party/person from voting?
Who is the best politician that modern day Indian people have ever seen?
What's the difference between a military dictatorship and a fascist or communist state?
What is left and right wing in Indian politics?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
Why do some groups of people hate politics and hesitate to vote?
Why aren't more political parties multinational?
What are the proper functions of governments?
What are some examples of political corruption in the U.S.?
Who is the most badass politician ever?
Who are the list of candiates of the election 2016 and what party is far right and racist?
Should more politicians worldwide join Quora?
What do progressives think of Rob Weir’s answer to “Why is the Libertarian philosophy unpopular?”
What would happen if Kim Jong Un converted to Islam?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What is the difference between institution and organization?
What happened to all of Marine Le Pen's support in the second round?
What causes Socialists to want to implement Socialism?
Who is the most famous British politician of all time?
What will China do if Vietnam renames itself as China?
Has there ever been a benevolent dictator who made their country better without exploiting the nation's wealth for personal gain?
What is the purpose of censorship in China?
What are the salient features of democracy?
What is your view on ICJ's verdict on former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav? Is it a major setback for Pakistan in the global arena?
Is Arvind Kejriwal the only honest politician present in Indian politics at the moment?
How do you define good corruption vs. bad corruption?
If Dwayne "The Rock" really does run for president as an independent candidate, are Americans ready to vote for someone not from a major party?
Do you agree that Donald Trump and Saudi Prince Salman are the most dangerous men in the world & they are meeting this Sunday to declare war on Iran?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
What is inherent flame?
Why are the French stereotyped as being cowards who surrender all the time?
Do modern Vietnamese like communism?
Who is the most powerful living person most people have never heard of?
What kind of pictures do you see in your media about your own and others’ countries, when it comes to information about a political decision?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
Who is the best politician in Andhra Pradesh?
Should Iran and Azerbaijan be close to each other?
Should I quit my job if it was at a corrupt government in a corrupt country?
How accurate was the account of the early development of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle as depicted in the HBO film, The Pentagon Wars?
Why are all of the Indian parties still interested in vote politics whether in the name of Ambedkar, religion, or Pakistan but not in the name of development?
How is Macron both social liberal and neoliberal?
What are they chanting when the 'Supreme Leader' casts his vote in the election? Why do they do so?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
What Are Some differences Between Mutualism and Anarcho-Communism?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
What do Putin supporters think of the Holocaust? How about Assad's crematorium?
Why don't some people tweet about politics or news?
Could the European political map change in the next 50 years?
What does Kapil Mishra want to show by showing two blank cheques without dates in front of media?
Do you believe Indyref2 should take place?
Can you give me an unbiased view of politics within the UK?
How politically disturbing is the One Piece world?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
Should Karnataka state be split?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
How do Super PACs affect elections?
Why doesn't Trump advocate for campaign finance reform, condensing the election calendar, or electoral reform?
Is the world moving back to the pre-1980s era, where individual capabilities, not national politics, govern progress?
Take all the former presidents. Now, choose your president, VP, and cabinet? Who did you choose for each position, and why?
How, why, when, and who started the concept of politics in the world that has existed since ancient times? What is the history and origin of politics?
Is anyone concerned that democracy is falling down to communism and is being sold away by a 'die-hard' capitalist? For example, Putin and the KGB defending the USA?
To what country are US Senate democrats loyal exactly?
How do bureaucrats keep their political affiliation away from motivating or impeding their work depending on the political party in power?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
Is Indian politics becoming BJP and anti BJP political parties rather than policy based political parties? Why?
What is religion’s role in politics?
What are the approaches of political geography?
Is there an example in the world of a people's assembly? Are there countries who let the people truly participate in the political debate?
Why don’t Indian politicians question their low salaries?
How do most of the people speak about the ruling party, whatever party is in power?
Why is there the arrears system? Is there any better system than that?
Does the imposition of prerequisites imposed on candidates influence a state?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
What is a non-territorial nation?
Why are socially conservative parties still around in the 21st century?
What is a politically unbiased Quoran's definition of the alt-right?
Whom would you prefer, a corrupt but competent politician or an honest but incompetent one?
What powers would political Viagra provide?
Has the internet broken or revived democracy? Will the next American president be Caitlin, Oprah, Kanye or Ivanka? And is it good or bad?
Does a political party and their candidate have separate policies?
Can there be an institution which is truly unbiased in a democratic state?
What do you know or think about Nigerian government and the governed?
Who is it exactly that's controlling our political parties from behind the scenes, to our detriment?
You're a dictator (benevolent or otherwise) who has just achieved world domination. What are the first 100 days in power like?
Why are GOP politicians so tribalist?
How could I use the Corpus of Contemporary American English to do my BA research in linguistics about politically correct language?
Has any political party or leader raised any voice against reservation till today?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Is being a young Conservative in your country as unfashionable as it is in the UK?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
Can a convicted politician/MP/MLA hold the office?
What is the Marxian perspective on political obligation?
Has any large democratic country industrialized as fast as China?
Is Ukraine a fascist country?
Why do Western powers allow China to seize more and more world wealth?
Who was the first chief minister of UP?
What resources would you recommend to an NRI to understand Indian politics properly?
Why do liberals play identity politics?
Is there any other major political party in the world that denies climate change like Republicans?
Were the EVM tempered in the last UP election?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
What would happen if someone under the age of eligibility for the Presidency is elected and their Vice-President is also under said age?
Why are liberals so fat?
Will the cold war the U.S. has with North Korea turn into a hot one sometime soon?
Is it true that Jill Stein was caught loading ballot boxes on a plane to Russia, presumably to be tampered with?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Why are politicians usually not the most intelligent and wisest people, but somehow manage to represent the population’s interests?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
Why do so many politicians say they hate politics?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
Why can't Tamilnadu accept Rajini as a politician?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, and communism doesn't give any motivation to the people, is it still a good idea?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
How do governments compete?
To ensure an awesome Malaysia in the long run, what is the best voting strategy for Malaysians for the incoming election?
What are the major differences between leftist, rightist and centrist politics and their ideologies?
How is the election date declared?
Why do so many leftists and neocons think they are being clever by insulting the "other side" in a question?
Is it possible to impeach Trump and those who will replace him until the next election?
Is there a conservative agenda at Bethune-Cookman University?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
What are some dark secrets or things about the United States?
In UK politics, can anyone explain each of the parties' values in simple terms?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
Is the sentiment against Hindi in TN maintained primarily by Dravidian parties to keep away national parties entering or gaining seats in Tamil Nadu?
Is Nepal a socialist state?
Would people vote for a person with Asperger’s for president?
What is controversy behind Rajinikanth political entry?
Are left-wing protesters on the streets actually violent people as well?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Do you think the right wing elements are pretty much ingrained in the system and create havoc whenever they want, and nobody can touch them?
Who is one of the sincere MPs in the Indian parliament?
If you are given an opportunity to become a CM, what changes will you bring to your state?
Who has the power in communism?
What if Hilter successfully ruled the world?
Are Mexico and New Spain considered as one country, or share the same equal political ideology? What is the cause?
What do South Africans think of Jacob Zuma?
Why does a President who has won a second term get inaugurated a second time? Wouldn't it save money not to have to pay for a second inauguration?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
What is “politics”? How can politics be a part of the process of conciliation of the interests in a society?
If you could go back in time and shoot Karl Marx, would you do it?
Who is responsible for the birth of ISIS without getting muddled in partisan politics?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
Did Erdogan offer Trump to enter Raqqa with the Turkish military to prevent SDF from doing it?
Do any scientists feel the need to go into politics given the prevalence of ideologues and scientifically illiterate policy makers?
How should I go about becoming the first dictator of Canada?
Which of the following forms of organization is the most democratic?
Can you justify weighted voting in a democratic system?
Is the world enjoying as they watch America decline and fall?
Why do the opinions of people like Cho Ramaswamy or S. Gurumurthy matter a lot in Indian politics? Is it because they are journalists?
How would a country ruled entirely by a bank, (not secretly) look like?
Do we need a universal goverment?
Is solving a political problem with technology solution-EVMs the answer in the case of Botswana?
What is a counterargument to "money spent on defence should be reinvested into health and education"?
How was life in the Victorian era for an ordinary person? The aspects I'm asking about are political, social, economical, and religious.
Why are Turkey’s diplomats instigating violence in foreign countries, like the US and the Netherlands?
Is Singapore a social democracy?
Why are both the far right and far left so authoritarian?
What are some good ideas for encouraging folks to vote for candidates based more on their individual merits and less on their party affiliations?
Why does the election campaign stop 48 hours before voting?
Are there any rankings of British MP's by their voting record like the American Conservative Union does for members of Congress?
Do you have to get any university degrees to be the Australian Prime Minister?
Can a country be a monarchy and a republic?
Can I get in legal trouble if I make a mobile game ripping off politicians, with the intention to generate revenue?
Should it, theoretically, be expected that people have different political views? Why?
What's China political system? How well is it working for people?
Should the Middle East countries stand together? How?
Why do the USA and Russia continue their little Cold War games while they ignore China stealing the world?
Is it possible to reduce the level of gamesmanship and deceit in politics, or will human nature always create mendacious operators called politicians?
What would be the likely result of a referendum in Nigeria on the subject of each Geo-political zone breaking away from the country?
Is it merely a coincidence that Japan and South Korea are the most developed non-western countries and the US has the biggest military bases there?
What are the definition of politics, government, and political science?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
What are some of the media houses that are not influenced by any powerful individual or organisation?
Are democracy, secularism, equality, GLBT rights compatible with Islam?
What are some examples of political risks?
How is political risk measured?
What are the political factors in the auto industry?
What event inspired you to adapt your political ideology(s)?
What would someone need to do to gain a lot of power over many different countries?
How much power would Russia have, now or in the past, if the West didn’t take the actions it did in the Cold War?
What would cause identity politics and privilege theory to fall out of popularity?
Do high-up politicians with degrees, diplomas, etc, look down on other politicians who don't hold degrees?
Is Viktor Orban a dictator?
Which Political Party Leader would you most like to go have a pint with?
Is Social Democracy a branch of capitalism or socialism?
Why aren't Trump supporters demanding an independent investigation of allegations against him?
Is the West standing still in the fight against ISIS?
Which country has the most diverse political elite?
What are the essential features of Marxism?
Why do liberals lie so much?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
What happens if no parties can agree on a governing coalition in Germany?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
At the moment, the political situation in Brazil poses great difficulties involving corruption in all political levels. What would be a good solution?
How can a grassroots poor person start a popular movement and become president?
What are the possibilities of one nation's political party infiltrating another country?
Is communism considered a cult? Am I considered part of it?
What are some countries that were first in the world for many things?
The English language has a great deal of influence on global politics and business today. Is that because of the USA or the British Empire?
Is there any book to know how American political system works?
Does the fact that Reagan swept his presidential election prove that swing states aren't everything in a presidential race?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
Partisan politics and Trump are clearly hurting the prestige of the world's lead country, the USA. How do you see that ever turning around?
Why do people now identify as a political entity rather than as a rational human with many views, some liberal, some conservative, some absurd?
Did France write its own death note by not electing Marine Le Pen in the recent French election?
Is there any democratic election that produced monarchs or dictators?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
How do Libertarians respond to the idea that a libertarian society is far too Utopian?
What do people mean when they say becoming a military general is "political"?
What indirect benefit do political parties get from the President (as they are so keen to bring the President of their choice)?
What do you think of the current global wave on ultra-conservatism?
Should Iran demand that the Republic of Azerbaijan change its name as Greece did to Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)?
What is the current French political situation?
Why are communists in India always anti-Hindu? Does communism mean anti-nationalism?
Who is the most stylish politician?
Under which article of the Indian constitution does it say the president can nominate 12 members of Rajya Sabha and 2 members of Lok Sabha?
Who got this crazy idea to separate the world in nation states?
Who is the most far-right Republican politician?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Is the USA in the middle of a cold civil war?
What does the recent centrist win in France depict for Eurozone's economy?
Can anyone share an incident, involving an Indian politician, that shows his/her incorruptible nature?
Could Marine Le Pen have planned the terrorist Attack on April 20, 2017 to get to the 2nd round?
Are left liberals most hypocritical people in the world?
Who told Gordon Miller that India is politically unstable, currupt and has infrastructure issues?
If majority can't decide what is discriminatory towards minorities, how should such discriminations be legislatively defined in a democratic state?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Would the American government be better off if you could vote for more than one person who was running (e.g., if I could vote for Gary Johnson and Rand Paul)?
How do I stop communism?
Was Algeria’s Prime Minister (not President) democratically elected?
Did French President Emmanuel Macron's wife have an affair with a 15 year old student and leave her husband & kids when she was 40 to be with him?
What is a combination party in government?
Can you question/trust the agencies under the democratic rule?
What do foreign socialists and communists think about China?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Why do socialist governments degenerate into corruption?
Can a coup d'etat happen to oust Trump?
In their final hours, the last two humans are reflecting, what would they say to each other?
Does President Trump pick his press secretary based on whether Melissa McCarthy can play them on SNL?
How would you responded to a Kanye West presidency, if he actually wins in the 2020 elections?
What is worse: religious (non-political) terrorism, or political (non-religious) terrorism?
What would you give up if you had to, the right to vote or social media?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
Are there any Spanish political highlights which distinguish Spanish from other countries and why?
What will happen if youths step into politics?
Do political parties in the US release manifestos?
How can I fight against the administration?
What are the changes in the world’s political scenario across the last century from India’s point of view?
Are the personalities of high elected officials similar to those of kings and queens even if they don't hold the position for life?
Are democrats really just mad at Russia for giving up on communism?
How is liberal Houston able to thrive in anti-urban right wing Texas?
Who is the present president of the USA?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Will Mike Pence be incriminated in the Russian investigation?
What are some petitions to nominate candidates?
Could the U.K. turn into a federal monarchy, given its current situation in politics?
What would a global society be like with a hybrid of the best ideals of both capitalism and communism & a value system with worth based individually?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
Is Trump pressing people to believe everything he has done is correct?
Do political leaders with children take more wise decisions when they impact the future of the world than those who don't have ones?
Are there any countries that we know were directly influenced by Vietnam's fall to communism (i.e. those countries also fell to communism)?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
What would you do if Milo Yiannopoulos was staying in your home for three weeks?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
How do you start a political action committee?
Is Will Randall a Republican or Democratic?
What is your critique of every political party?
How would the world react if Trump was reelected?
What are the points of Indian politician Seeman are correct, wrong, practical and impractical?
Why is fascism rising in the Netherlands?
What will happen if India becomes a Communist state?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
Which is a better ideology, true Communism (not dictator communism) or Capitalism?
What does “binding vote” mean?
What would Trump need to do in order to get his base to second guess their support?
After a president is done with his 2 terms, can he still serve in a lower level position like a cabinet member, or is his political career over?
Do you think politics works in offices and undeserving candidates get more advantages ?
How and why has Ireland become more liberal?
Why is the division of races and religions as important as the division of labor?
Why are radical feminists called liberals when they don't like freedom of speech?
What is global governance 2025?
Why are there so few monarchies in the world today?
Does Gordon Miller fund political parties?
Who are more diplomatic & shrewd: businessmen or politicians?
At Eurovision 2017 (last night), did the German host raise the Nazi salute just before voting?
What have to be done to make the Vietnamese politics more interesting?
What is a local election?
Why is it that people are so put off by others with differing views, i.e. politics, religion, sexual preference, etc.?
How realistic is the idea of the United States of Europe?
Why did the CIA support a coup in Brazil in the 60s that overthrew a democratic regime?
What is the public affairs index?
Why is the BJP silent over the dirty politics of Mamta Banerjee?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
Will all the politicians in India join once together?
Is it true that "Americans never seem to appreciate patriotism in foreigners"? If there is some truth to this, then why would that be?
Has political discourse gotten out of control?
What could be the outcome of not participating in the election?
What are political emblems?
Are there leaks in the Saudi Royal Court?
How does the French political system work?
How can I get involved in politics at the age of 14-15?
How is democratic socialism different to democracy?
What is your stance on the Confederate Flag?
What is the difference between center right and center left politics?
Why is the male versus female argument getting more bitter with every passing day?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
What is the best history of the communist insurgency in Malaysia from the Communist point of view?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
Should uninformed people vote?
Can a country's political parties be streamlined or reduced?
What is the meaning of morality in Indian politics?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
Does an outgoing chief whip hand over his 'black book of secrets' to his replacement assuming they're both in the same political party?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
Why was President Trump given such a warm and grand welcome compared to Obama, by the Saudi government?
Why do Bhakts shamelessly criticise the actions of other political parties when BJP has been doing the same?
Which party should win the Karachi elections?
Do most people in your country lean Conservative or Liberal on social policies?
What kind of political views does Dwayne Johnson have?
How are populism and nationalism related?
Will it be better if Rajinikanth stays away from politics?
Could we resolve majority of the worlds problems If we were able to shrink ourselves down (like honey I shrunk the kids style)?
Can you accurately call globalisation a form of colonialism?
What is the critical political theory?
Who are the ministers changed currently or newly elected?
Are you tired of false equivalence arguments by Kremlin trolls arguing that liberal democracy is just as bad as Putin's corrupt kleptocratic regime?
Had Prachanda (Pushpa Kamal Dahal) been good for Nepal as a Prime Minister?
Can someone give reasons to vote for NOTA?
What is Noam Chomsky's view on free market?
What was Gandhi’s mission in the politics and culture of India?
If supported by the majority of the British population, could there again be an absolute monarchy in the United Kingdom?
What is the Marthi meaning of “prime minister” in a minimum 5 of words?
How could RNC politicians be so ignorant about the effects of overpriced health care?
If being liberal means being open, and generally tolerant, why do so many people ask why "liberals" are so intolerant?
Are there any political science books which are only about political strategies?
What happens if ministers do not work?
What does Christianity have to do with promoting the coal and oil industry?
How does politics affect educational development in India?
Why does everyone become corrupted in nowadays?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
What is the difference between politics and law?
What is community government?
Which country is the most repressive and least democratic, Iran or Saudi Arabia?
Why, in politics, did the right become left and the left became right so many times? What is really left and right in politics?
How close is the world to a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario at this moment in time?
What is the difference between right and far right government/media? Similarly, what is the difference between left and far left?
What are the side-effects of liberty and freedom?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
Why do people block for political reasons?
What is the link between Neo-liberalism and capitalism?
Did John Howard's leadership move Australia's political scene to the right, or did it successfully stop Pauline Hanson from becoming prime minister?
What is one political opinion that you refuse to tolerate?
PM Modi said that state elections should be merged with general elections. Is it possible as it can be unfair to recently elected state governments?
Is it worth replying to Bhakts or they should be left on their own fate?
Constitutionally, can the states adopt whatever voting system they please (e.g., IRV) for all elections in their states, including the US House and Senate?
What is the difference between the nation-state and the modern nation-state system?
What are the political issues in the 21st century?
Is Congress deserve right to speak for honesty and integrity?
Suppose the price per barrel of oil is equal to $10. What will happen in Arabic kingdoms?
Why do Americans call themselves either liberal or conservative?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Why has mass Islamic immigration never appeared on a party political manifesto?
What are the chances of the SC and ST reservation system getting abolished if BJP comes to power in Rajya Sabha?
Have you ever had any idea of a governmental system which is flawless?
Should 16 year olds be allowed to vote and what parties support it?
What is neoliberalism and how is it killing you?
North Korea stated that they were prepared to talk to the US but less than an hour ago have reportedly fired a ballistic missile! Where is this going?
How do unpopular politicians manage to get re-elected?
Who is/was the most controversial American politician post 1900?
Will we ever see new Communist states again?
Can an MLA be nominated by the governor and if yes why only an Anglo-Indian?
Would you prefer to live as an average citizen in China or the USA? Why?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
Which country has given the highest prime minister?
How can someone justify rioting to prevent right wing speakers from talking all in the name of "free speech"?
What is voluntary euthanasia in Indian constitution?
Is communism inevitable?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
Why doesn’t the Indian Prime Minister or President have a verified Quora account to interact with citizens?
Should the prime minister, POI and CJI of my country participate in an election campaigning for one party?
What is the federalist system of government?
Is India fine as a democratic country or it needs a dictator to rule?
Who are you voting for in the General Election 2017 and why?
Why is tyranny usually bad?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
In Western countries, are presidents, prime ministers, or chancellors the people's representatives?
How much money do Republican-leaning interest groups & individuals spend each year on campaigns & organizations vs. Dem-leaning groups/people?
What is the difference between social protest and national movements?
Why don’t youngsters consider politics to be their profession in future?
What is a regime change?
If North Korean freedom rebels overthrow Kim Jong-un, what will the negotiations between the US and South Korea consist of? Will 2 Koreas have a visit?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
Why are people in Latin America so much more political than gringos?
Are liberal progressives and their thralls in the press mounting a high-tech coup d’etat to overthrow the US Constitution?
Is the political strategy & communication of the Libertarian Party holding it back from electoral success? How should it be changed?
Why is Mongolia, which once ruled most of Asia, neglected today by the world?
What do people think about Macron’s new government after he unveiled the list of ministers?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
Who is your favourite politician?
How much "political capital" does Trump have as of May 19, 2017?
Is it usual for a social liberal to have very conservative views on some social issues?
What are the most important political philosophical problems?
Is WikiLeaks politically biased?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
What are the causes behind political bosses at centre always giving Bihar a step-motherly treatment?
Is banning Taiwan from joining the World Health Assembly correct? Should other world leaders be responsible for this result?
What's the difference between the criminalization of politics and the politicization of criminals?
What would be the political and moral arguments of denying non-profitable state's senators voting rights in the US states?
How would you respond to a Dwayne Johnson presidency, if he actually won in the 2020 elections?
How do you think political discourse could be improved on Quora?
As a liberal, how can I have a political discussion with a conservative without getting tricked into agreeing with them?
How dangerous is it to talk about politics in Russia, especially for critics of the Putin government?
How authoritarian is the American government?
What does it take to enter and be competent in politics?
Do most flat Earthers share any particular political ideology?
What are the aspects of totalitarianism?
Why does the media not acknowledge that Russia has been trying to subvert American politics since the FDR administration?
Why do socialists believe socialism works?
Have politicians always been power hungry?
Is it really democracy for California to never vote Republicans for decades of presidential elections?
Why has the Congress party been rooted out throughout the country?
How much dependency on speechwriters would give you the view that a politician is dishonest?
Why do we vote by district?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
How can Singapore fend off political Islam?
Which political point of view has killed the most people in history, besides survival?
How relevant is Marxism today in understanding the world we are living in today?
What is Shah Waliullah’s ideology?
Why do we need a legislative council?
Why is almost every country controlled by old greedy men?
What are your 2017 election predictions?
What are great sources, apart from the news, to increase my knowledge on world politics?
Why is the 2017 French election considered to be historic and most unusual in many decades?
Why are so many people so thankless for everything Trump has done for our country?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
How do I increase my knowledge of economic affairs and political affairs?
If Macron was British, what party would he be a member of?
How did Trump’s visit to the Middle East go?
Did Boris Yeltsin undermine the ideals of the Russian democracy?
What would have happened if Molotov et al. were not purged by Khruschev?
What is the political/cause/activist side to the Maker community paying attention to?
How is the president of the USA elected?
Do Democrats have any logical arguments as to why it might not be the time for the US to embrace right-wing fascism?
How was Julius Caesar's assassination a historical mistake?
How would road rules work in a libertarian society?
Why do dictators as a rule pass power to a relative?
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
What do political terms like left, right, socialists and communalism mean?
Are the White House leaks necessary or criminal?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
Can we Quorans agree that the proper term for the left is "progressives" since they are for the opposite of liberalism?
Should the BJP abrogate Article 370 if they get a majority in both houses of Parliament?
By what year can we expect an openly declared atheist to be elected as President of the USA?
Is Congress likely to pass Trump's infrastructure spending plan?
Why does the far-right hate Islamic fundamentalists when they have so much in common ideologically?
Has the House ever voted on a bill before it was scored by the CBO?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
Do liberals think that Trump partnered with Russia to steal the election?
What written publication is the best for concisely summarizing international and domestic politics?
Why does Tehran produce so many conservative mayors?
What are some examples of unitary systems of government?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
Should people in Venezuela get violent and threaten execution for President Maduro?
Are the UK's sick pay laws good compared to Europe?
Has an IITian ever been praised by any politician or star?
Which of ideologies and systems of fascism/nazism and Soviet communism posed the greater threat to liberal democracy in the twentieth century? Why?
What do you think about Rajinikanth entering politics?
Has the power of the state declined?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
What is the intellectual level of political leaders nowadays?
Why do leftists celebrate the demographic destruction of whites?
Is China an example of a one-party system?
What is the major impact of Republic TV on Indian politics?
Why should everyone care about money in politics?
Why do these Indian politicians hate their own country in the name of politics?
Why does Iran have negative feelings for Pakistan?
Will either voters or the top 1% care if a presidential nominee has a bachelor’s degree from an online school or extension university?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
Can a government servant join a political party?
What should the BJP do to keep Congress out of Indian politics?
How does our two party system work to protect our liberty?
Are there any politicians who hold a resemblance to Theodore Roosevelt?
What did your political party stand for in the past, which it doesn't now?
Is there a correlation between the anti-vaccination movement and political ideology?
In the next Lok Sabha election, which party will win in West Bengal?
What is a list of some of the popular incorrect ideas in politics and the economy? What is a brief explanation of why they are wrong?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
What's your opinion about Macron being elected as the next French president?
Should men be allowed to vote?
Why are you voting Conservative in GE17?
How do I solve my political dilemma?
Has the Indian parliament ever impeached a chief minister or prime minister for obstruction of justice?
Is MSNBC owned by the DNC, spending all morning on the Russia investigation when Manchester just happened?
Why isn't everyone a libertarian rationalist?
Does Baijayant Jay Panda think that politics is more about bashing the opponent than self retrospection?
In today's scenario, who is more ethical, politicians or prostitutes?
What should the political strategy be?
How would you describe communism in a nutshell (summarize main concepts)?
What role did Bhindranwale play in the winning of the Congress Party in the election of 1980?
As a US Republican or Democrat, what is one issue you agree with the opposing party on?
What is you best definition of politics?
If the US tries to invade India, will China help India?
Did the 1953 coup in Iran indirectly cause the 1979 revolution?
What are the basic differences between left and right politics?
What do conservatives think about the 5-3 SCOTUS decision that the gerrymandering by the GOP in North Carolina was racially motivated?
How can the rise of the right wing be tackled all over the world?
Do conservative answerers block more or less frequently than progressive answerers?
What happened to communism?
Which contemporary potilical theorists are recommended regarding political participation in unconventional terms?
How hated is Congressman Steve King?
Is threatening to start a nuclear war as an attempt to improve one’s approval ratings near 100 days in office an impeachable offense?
Is the word 'master bedroom' an outdated, not politically correct term?
What do you know about Sunil Mishra, the political strategist?
Why are yogis becoming politicians in India?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
What's the closest term to 'Capital Communism' in political ideologies?
What is the basic definition of socialism and capitalism and what are the differences between them?
What is the meaning of "a bill before parliament”?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
If you had your way, whom would you choose as the President/Prime Minister of your country?
Is fascism similar to mercantilism?
What is Irish democracy?
Can the positions of President and Primer Minister of India be headed by the same person at the same time?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
Has neoliberalism ever worked?
Which is the most powerful country till now?
How do you define and operationalize political freedom?
Can I get asylum in Italy being a political party member?
Who is Saurabh Bhardwaj?
Why do you oppose the legalisation of cannabis?
Who are some of the best politicians India had?
Is Andrés Manuel López Obrador a popular Mexican political figure?
What is “left-wing”?
Was Malala Yousafzai a pawn of the West in retrospect?
Should private business owners be able to choose whom they serve? Should antidiscrimination laws be done away with?
Do libertarians tend to be people fortunate/privileged enough that “big government” really is their biggest obstacle to further wealth/power?
why do celebrities join politics?
What would happen if Russia and India shared a border?
What are some interesting statistics about political ideologies?
Are Republicans and conservatives in America more individualist and Democrats and liberals more statist, or vice versa?
Why didn't Trump treat the Chinese president with a Big Mac as he promised?
Will a former president receive secret service protection in jail?
What are some easy social experiments that show that democracy doesn't work?
Are there any examples of societies getting more conservative?
Why did President Trump receive only Saudi Arabia's greatest honor but not a Nobel Prize? What more can he do to win a Nobel Prize as well?
What is a democratic republic government?
Why do our Indian politicians are expecting VIP treatment unlike their counter part in Western countries?
How do I get a paperback copy of the labour manifesto?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
Can a communist country have a market economy?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
Why is the "establishment" so hated Western politics?
What should I do to understand the politics around the world?
Is India a liberal state or a successful democracy?
Who said "politics is the art of the possible"?
Why are Liberal Democrat leaders so distinct from other political party leaders in the way they speak etc?
How can I become a politician without having a political background?
Will the backlash against political correctness get stronger in Australian politics? They are already considering watering down the anti-racism laws.
Who is the most fashion-forward politician of all time?
If you were running for president, what would the opposite party say about you?
To what extent do illiberal political institutions hinder new science?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
Is Lalu Prasad Yadav involved in the benami land deal case?
Would it be possible and legal to require the entire population of a country to do DNA sequencing and put the results in their ID?
How many people didn't vote in last year’s election?
Who supports mandatory voting?
Why are Dalits so marginalised in Maharashtra politics, despite their large numbers and the Ambedkarite movement?
What countries would be better off if they united into a larger state?
Have you ever got humiliated by a political party's member for your religion?
Why didn't the Washington state news media cover the story about Trump facilitating the multi-billion dollar deal between Boeing and Saudi Arabia?
What does the mayor of London do besides taking selfies and neglecting the crime rate in the city?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
What are the diffrences between passive and agressive secularism?
How is it possible that Naxals continue to be active, without local politicians being 'hands in gloves' for votes?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Why are there no term limits or age requirements for politicians?
Does Modi have international influence and can he alter international politics?
What is the difference between bureaucracy and politics?
How do I go about Australian politics if I want to become a politician? What should I do?
Are there any apps that help teens with forming political opinions?
I'm 10+2 now, what do I do to become a politician?
What's the chance that a non-religious, unmarried woman with a high IQ undergoing college at a prestigious institution leans politically to the right?
What is the role of a union state minister? Why does it exist?
Why do Liberals ignore social/labour policies?
Do political leaders have close friends?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
Who is India’s most powerful person?
What is the current situation of Indian politics? How will it progress in the future?
In the UK, is it impossible for a political party to win power without the support of right leaning newspapers such as Mail, Sun and Express?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
How many times in American history has the electoral college beat the popular vote?
If the USA were to hypothetically split into various new nations, what would be some likely new nations resulting from the split?
What are the biggest actions and inactions that cost heavy for a nation?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
Why are people saying communism doesn't work, when it basically hasn't been tried before?
If Hindutva right wing groups had the arms, territory and power, would they be equivalent to ISIS?
Why do political parties need funding in countries like the US and the UK?
Why is everyone considering fascism far-right, when it's clearly not for capitalism?
Why do Americans have to interfere with other countries' local disagreements all the time? Why don't they mind their own business?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
How bad will the Democratic Party look and suffer if their Russia hunt comes up empty?
What do you think about Aung San Suu Kyi after one year in charge of Myanmar?
Why do so many different people/ideologies use the term "socialism"?
Why do conservative Republicans call anyone who does not agree with them liberals?
How many seats will labour lose?
How does philosophical pragmatism relate to political liberalism?
Why can't society just decide not to automate any more jobs, to save jobs?
Why is public funding for the arts rarely a substantive issue in American politics?
What political leader said, “A house divided against itself cannot stand'?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
Why is the actor Rajinikanth willing to enter politics in his old age?
Why are Democrats so careful to say Nazi and not National Socialist? It is a strange obsession.
Why are the British discussing voting tactics on Quora instead of debating politics and policies? Have they lost faith in their democratic process?
What are some model aftermath results of countries that underwent regime change caused by external powers?
What are the advantages of having a monarchy as your leader?
Why is France so left wing?
How does the media affect the distribution of political power?
Are people repenting in Tamil Nadu for electing AIADMK for a second term?
Should the state be able to force someone to pay for someone else's healthcare?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
Does anything in the U.S. Constitution address preventing the conflict of interest of politicians reliant on rich donors with vested interests?
What is the difference between communism and the Democratic party platform?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
When someone, especially a politician, says that America is a center-right country, what definition of center are they using?
Is Russia going to start WW3, considering the bad relations it has with the U.S. and NATO?
Are there organizations or enterprises dedicated to trying to forecast the economy, politics and society of the US?
Is Macron's victory a decisive turn of fortunes for the far-right in Europe?
Would you ever consider a sado-masochistic relationship or role-play involving power exchange based on political beliefs?
Was the term "demokratía" invented by the Athenian adversaries of such regime?
Which is better, a monarchy or a republic?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Who is the most huggable world leader in 2017?
Is it illegal for a radio host or political pundit to call out for the murder or massacre of a politician?
What is the correct balance between liberty and equality to guarantee democracy?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
What is post-truth politics? Is it post-truth politics in India now?
Do some people pay other people to vote for a person of their choice in an election?
Why are bank or interest loans illegal?
All BJP and Congress supporter know that both are filled with corrupted people, but they follow them blindly after knowing this. Why?
Who should I support in Indian politics?
How did the anti-government protests of 2015/16 affect Ethiopian politics?
Is Israel a model democracy?
I feel like people give more value to their political parties than to society in general. Does this happen anywhere else?
What can the Indian liberals learn from the Indian right wing?
How many mistakes does a party in a civil case make for the opposing party to say it is absurd?
What should local government do?
Are Puerto Ricans capable of self-governance?
How do I prepare for a continuous crisis committee (e.g. Chinese political bureau)?
How have national legislators resigned prior to the end of their terms, for nondisciplinary or election reasons?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
Is crime rate a criteria to evaluate the political party that’s ruling the states?
Who protects the Prime Minister of Singapore?
Why are Canadian politicians generally less educated?
How do you handle the distress from arguing about politics or religion?
Is there any leader who served 20 years or more by winning democratic elections?
Is somebody who favors a strong governmental safety net but is also highly nativist, left-wing or right-wing?
How will the backlash against Trump affect the political direction of the country over the next decade?
What happens and who becomes president if the vice president dies?
If Obama were president again, what things could he be doing better (due to his experience)?
Why is everyone offended by everything and feel the need to bash people to "defend" their own views?
Do you think political Islam is compatible with Western values?
What is the most straightforward statement that triggers liberals?
In your opinion, who was the most left/right wing US president?
Why is Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy so popular despite his lesser experience in politics ?
Do Russian/Israeli politicians do minority appeasement to get votes like Indian politicians?
Did Shiv Sena crush communists in Mumbai? Why and how?
Who is or was the youngest democratically elected cabinet minister in the world?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
Do people forget that it was mainly Labour politicians that helped to bring in the welfare state and not one flaming Tory politician?
What are some pictures that show the true character of the P.M., Mr. Narendra Modi?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
How did Richard Armitage become an influential politician?
What is the importance of statistics in politics?
Who is the first Chief Minister of Telangana?
Why is Texas seen as the face of conservatism?
What are the best conservative political ideas?
Are there any studies on how political/ideological biases affect economic activity by investors? How does this ultimately shape politics?
In the U.S. how successful are authoritarian politicians?
China is investing billions of dollars in Pakistan, but is it worth with the rising extremism in Pakistan?
Have you ever met some swami or a powerful leader?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
How do UK atheists view the monarchy?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
What are some plausible reasons why constitution-drafters would allow secret-ballot-voting for electing a state president, but not for voting one out?
What is the Council of Ministers?
Should actors or actresses join politics?
In being a state’s leader, is power really everything? Political power or wealth power?
How significant are political views when determining compatibility in a potential relationship?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
Why is the left winning?
Are we facing an oil shortage in 2020?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Who is the next CM of Rajasthan?
Why does the Constitution of India give pardoning power to the President and what does that mean?
Do you think Quorans have become way too left-wing lately?
Are there any countries with democracies that are getting stronger?
What is it like running a country?
Could a directly democratic country work?
Are you afraid of what may potentially happen to the United States and the world under the tenure of Donald Trump, and why?
Would you fight for your country if it were a monarchy?
Is it right that MLAs and MPs pass a bill in the Assembly in order to draw a huge amount in terms of salary perks and pensions?
If the Ganasanghs, such as Shakya/Koli, had become the dominant power instead of the Magadha in ancient India, how would the history have been changed?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
If the national average IQ dropped significantly, would it impact the effectiveness of the democratic voting system?
What is the distinction between politicians and IAS officials in the administration?
Why are two major problems in America hunger yet also obesity? How do we help fight hunger?
Who is the most cruel Hindu ruler of all times?
Does corruption deviancy treatment exist? Can we start enforcing a 0 tolerance policy on corruption (as in corrupt officials)?
What is the European Union's stance on transhumanism?
What is the difference between the adjournment and suspension of the House of Parliament?
Why do liberals hate Russia because it gave up on communism?
Why hasn't Trump lifted the sanctions on Russia?
What is the impact of social media in politics?
Why do we rely on polls and statistics when only around 1000 people are sampled?
What is ULB and PRI voters?
Why does people in USA seems to think the next French president, Macron is a left-wing when he is in fact very very right wing?
Why are IAS officers frustrated by the current political system?
What are conservatives trying to prove by asserting that Nazism was leftist?
Why do cultural Marxists say that cultural Marxism doesn’t exist?
With so much politics in everything, how do Americans get anything even done?
Which country is the most conservative one, and which is the most liberal one, in terms of government and people separately?
Who was the first prime minister (women) in the world?
How should US respond to the political turmoil in Venezuela at the OAS?
Why can't we get the same healthcare as our politicians?
Why doesn't the left wing let the right wing do its thing with policies to see if they actually do improve things?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Are you worried about the lack of opposition in Indian politics after the downfall of Congress?
Should postgraduation be made compulsory to fight the election of a member of the legislative assembly and a member of Parliament?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
When was "Devnagari" replaced by "Hindi"? What was the political motive behind this change? Was it successful?
Why are liberals aligning themselves with the issues of the oppressed as a lever to push forward postmodern Neo-Marxism?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Are any of today's controversial politicians so unpopular that their own country might not allow them to be buried on their soil upon death?
Did communism/socialism work in East Germany?
What solutions should be applied for the corrupted countries?
How can you be so certain that your political views are right?
Who are the worst presidents in world history ?
Why do people continue to misuse the term communism and don't try to educate themselves on it?
What were the reasons for Hitler's unique and extremely brutal political rules and beliefs?
Do Americans accept a diversity in political systems?
Is the GOP fracturing?
Why did communism fail in Asia?
Is it allowed to create political parties in Islam?
Is job breadth more important than job depth in motivating workers?
Is there a ring of truth to the conservative claim that liberals are being unscientific in claiming race/gender is socially constructed?
How would you teach Trump in Political Theory or a course about Conservatism?
If President Trump were to illegally delete conversations he had previously taped, how would the public ever even find out?
What would happen if Indian nations were grantsd sovereignty?
What is the most under reported political scandal of the last 100 years?
Is Britain a monarchy or a democracy?
Why is the United States so concerned with other nuclear programs? If nuclear weapons are so awful, then why does the United States have them?
I know there is a national socialist movement, is there some sort of national capitalist movement?
What is the difference between liberal conservatism and conservative liberalism?
Is voting for independents in the upcoming Senate and House elections a good idea to end partisanship in Congress?
What steps did the PRI take in Mexico to win elections?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
Why are there so many right wing pro BJP people on Quora?
What can be done to prevent politics from bringing out the worst in people?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
Is the reason there are more liberals than conservatives because educated right-wingers lean libertarian?
Is it true that Putin amassed a huge amount of wealth during his political career? What will happen to it after his death?
What is political religion?
Can a political union of more than one country recognize another country as its head?
How can politics get beyond the red versus blue, left versus right arguments to consider social and community benefit and fairness?
Are Section 527 political organizations subject to rules about private inurement?
If a war erupts between the US and allies and North Korea, what would be the better option to deal with a "defeated" North Korea?
Would a TV series that has conservative instead of liberal bias be watchable?
What do conservatives think about liberals going crazy from identity politics to recent Russian conspiracy theories?
Why were the Brazilian Integralists (fascists) pro-union if they were anti communist?
Do opposition parties create violence in J&K, UP where the BJP government rules and opposition parties have violent nature leaders there?
If a POTUS campaign was found to have used unlawful means, would that disqualify the Vice President as a successor to the impeached President?
What province voted for who in the Iranian election?
What countries had a totalitarianism system before WW1?
How would you sum up the communist government?
If there were an impeachment, could it be multiple (president, VP, Sec. of State, etc.)?
Why CEOs like Steve, Mark, Sundar, Satya Nadella walk on stage while they are presenting something? Why don't any politician do this?
Is it too early for Sunita Kejriwal to foray in politics?
What are state general elections?
Why is Mexico's GDP now larger than that of Russia's? Are the sanctions against Russia beginning to take its toll?
How does the protection of the US President compare to that of the Queen of United Kingdom? Or the Prime Minister?
Is Labour gaining vote share in the right constituencies?
Do terrorist incidents during election times cause voters to shift to the right?
You wake up as the leader of your country. What will you do?
How is Canada only on its 23rd prime minister when America has had 45 presidents?
What would happen if people in Singapore started to lean towards other political parties other than the PAP? (PAP has always had the majority vote. )
Who are the dictators, albeit infamous, that contributed to their country in any positive way?
How do you start a political organization in your hometown?
What are some political systems except authoritarian and democratic types that are worth a try?
Why do liberals earn a bad rep lately?
How do politically strong people survive in a company than technically stronger persons?
Why do some politicians criticize Rajinikanth?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Why do most oil producing countries have a bad goverment?
Why can’t politicians be responsible for false promises during an election?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
Is Texas a conservative utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more conservative?
What is the best way to explain the difference between scientific consensus and science by democracy?
How did democracy come to be?
Was UKIP just a conservative splinter group, and is it now time for it to go?
What is the exit poll of Iran's recent election?
How can Americans retaliate against Russian for hacking of political races?
Who are some notable politicians who left Socialist Party and joined En Marche?
Why would someone want to be a Democrat?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
What are the differences between the American left and right wing and the European left and right wing politics?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
Who is more powerful, a president or a prime minister?
What are some examples of propaganda devices in politics?
Why is the youth of India crazy about PM Modi while there is a rise in unemployment during his tenure?
Has the Green Party of England and Wales always been left wing?
How can we meet Narendra Modi?
What is the political condition of Tamil Nadu now?
Is there any constitutional obstacle to abolishing Article 370 when the ruling government has 2/3 majority in both houses of Parliament?
How do libertarians and conservatives square the fact that communist China has been so successful at capitalism?
What was the political system created for protection?
What is some good information to have about both Maltese political parties before the election?
Is the political and social situation in Israel similar to what it was in Rhodesia?
What do you understand about equality & democracy being dynamic and not static concepts?
In academic studies of history, are radical positions becoming less prevalent?
What is the most burning political issue in India presently?
Why don't more people support world government?
Who replaces the Vice President?
What is it like to be a career politician?
Why do Western conservatives push liberalism and feminism on Iran, and yet push and want traditionalism and conservatism for their own people?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
Why have all the communist regimes in history been fascist and destructive to the economy?
Is reservation in education regressive to the development of a country?
Are there (quite apart from the question of formal legality) any similarities between tipping, bribery, and political lobbying business practices?
Is it a mistake for the United States to trust a communist country like Vietnam?
Why do people use the words democratic socialism to mean social democracy? Are they synonyms or are they different things?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
How odd is the chance for a Muslim Malay politician to be elected as the next Singapore PM or President?
How would Iranians be able to get rid of their dictatorial Ayatollah regime?
Will the present political scenario take the Tamil Nadu economy down?
Is the criteria of “adult” based on brain development, culture or politics?
Should politicians be drug tested?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
If you would be a president, which country will you choose?
Is Los Angeles a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Aren't the international relations theories constructivism and Marxism both direct descendants of philosophical idealism?
What is required to become a diplomat?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
How can a candidate, like Emmanuel Macron of France, run a government after winning as an independent without any political party involvement?
Why should I study political science?
How many female presidents or prime ministers or chancellors are there currently?
How is popular participation a product of political orientation?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
In Federal court, does a party responding to a "make a complete list of…" interrogatory have to a) explicitly state if the list given is incomplete or b) simply list what the party knows without stating that it is incomplete?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
How would you appraise your current government?
Was James Comey committing perjury in his May 3rd testimony or is he lying now?
How does the government’s spectrum auction work?
Why are climate change activists adamant about acceptance of their theory?
How much longer will the anti-establishment political scenario last until we go back to globalization?
Do you think Trump has actually bugged the White House?
If Congress voted to make the Vice President as Acting President pursuant to the 25th Amendment, how could the President be later reinstated?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
What are some online advocacy tools where I can monitor specific bills at the federal level?
Has media exposure of social scandals helped the nation grow?
Will socialism return in France after the elevation of socialist leader Marcon as President?
What happens to local campaign donations when your candidate loses?
What will happen, if in an election 40% of people selected NOTA out of the 65% voting?
What's your opinion on Villani's application at the French legislative elections?
Will a libertarian ever become president?
The US Constitution is based on the doctrine of the separation of powers. How does this doctrine keep the three branches of govt. separate?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
When did being "anti-Israel/anti-Zionist" became a leftist stand and why?
Can India play a key role in world politics in the near future, through diplomacy or an economic rise?
Considering the political impact of Senate rules, such as the filibuster rule, should such rules be set in stone via a constitutional amendment?
If healthcare in the USA could be overhauled from scratch, how would you fix it?
Are there political parties among communists, or all they all pretty close to the same?
What is meant by right-wing politics?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
Why does the West want to destroy Russia?
What is it like for psycopaths to watch election campaigns? (in whatever country)
Why does no party work for generals?
What are the challenges to the modern state system?
Can an artist become a politician?
Why did Portugal become a republic if almost all the people were pro-monarchy?
Will you support the imposing age limit and educational qualifications for politicians?
Is there one politician in this country who has never been defeated during his political career and commanded great respect?
What is the lifecycle of totalitarian regimes?
Do you know someone who is intelligent but acts like a fool? Why do they do that?
How many members of the Trump Administration would it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How does one convert a communist populace to capitalist populace?
How is libertarian socialism supposed to work?
How do past US presidents stack up with Canadian prime ministers?
How can a country maintain a stable political system?
How does a bill become a law if the bill was vetoed by the president?
For somebody deeply rooted in capitalism, what are the areas and how can he learn to appreciate the beauty of communism or socialism?
What do former Canadian prime ministers do?
How do liberals rationalise being both anti-capitalist and pro-immigration?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
What is the difference between an Indian and a national?
Do legislators have to attend every session of the legislature?
Who is the most handsome politician today in 2017?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Could you share examples of how blind patriotism has hindered a nation's progress?
Assuming the mass public being the underlying driving factor of today's political polarization, what are the possible negative consequences?
Is Communism in India real?
In the UK general elections, what determines which candidates appear on ballot papers?
When a sitting UK MP switches parties, what happens to the person already locally selected to be the candidate for the party in that constituency?
Are 'volunteer' libertarians who are not being paid by libertarian organizations to write, advocate, etc. suckers?
What is a unitary political system?
Why are governments not keeping track of their citizens abroad to check the ISIS menace?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
As an individual, how would you feel if you were called up to war given the world's current crises?
Is America still safe for democracy?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
Are there any countries that are an anarchy to this day?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
What are the types of communism?
What are the qualities to be maintained to become a politician?
What is the definition of "national identity" from scholars' papers? Please provide the specific quotation of the definition.
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
Who do you think should be the next prime minister, and why?
The President just said "In America, we don't worship government; we worship God". Should he be portraying all Americans that way?
What is bad about democracy?
How many elected presidents in the world became dictators?
Who contributed more to the development of India, right-wingers a.k.a. conservatives, or left-wingers a.k.a. liberals?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Did a significant amount of people also disbelieve the facts of watergate?
What are Emmanuel Macron's chances of fulfilling his campaign pledges?
Is Robert Puckett a Democrat?
Why do people think that a nation can surrender its sovereignty through inferential, vs. express, statements of such intent?
How do governments rob people?
How do Maithils and other Biharis react to the political renaming of Mithila/ideh to 'Madhesh' in Nepal, which is historically misleading?
Which political books and ideas have had the most influence on you?
Why does being fiscally responsible make you far right in the eyes of liberals and the media?
What would happen if all politicians disappeared?
Why is MN so liberal?
Why is the liberalism moving in the US?
Why is Russia supporting leaders with nationalism agenda?
What happens in TN politics if Rajinikanth decide to start a new party and venture into politics?
Does the ruling party have any role in the Election Commission, like appointments, etc.?
What would it take for you to seriously consider a US politician on the opposite side?
What are the ideologies of the various French political parties? Who are centre left and centre right, etc.?
I'm neither a Liberal, nor a Conservative, so what am I?
How many vice presidents are there?
Does a potential POTUS have to undergo a medical examination to determine if he/she is physically/mentally competent for the job?
In contrast to the Kremlin, is China buying international friends with money?
After the UK elections, what are the other countries whose elections will be held this year?
Could the relentless impugning of the Russians and accusing Russians of fiendish actions, by US political parties, start WWIII?
What do Australians think about the attacks on mosques in Australia?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Where can I find polls showing what country Democrats feel they are loyal to?
What is the “permanent political class”?
With Emmanual Macron winning elections in France, is it safe to assume that the "Right Wing" wave will subside soon?
Which state gives 4 prime minister?
What kind of judge can override the president?
How likely is it that these recent tensions between the US and North Korea will die down again like the other points tension these last couple years?
What are the problems of political obligation?
Are Germany and Sweden destroyed?
How is political correctness related to feminism?
What is the main reason that members of the RJD threw stones and were violent on the road? Was this suitable for such a ruling national party of the state?
Are the Amma canteens in Tamil Nadu and the proposed Annapurna canteens in UP, a sign of good governance?
Has Bill Maher ever insulted someone to their face on his show the way he did to Brian in Family Guy?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
What is the goal of politics, the pursuit of an ideal or finding common ground and reaching a reasonable consensus?
What can a society do to prevent the rise of populism?
Which party will win the 2019 parliament election?
Should the European Parliament get legislative powers?
What are the relationships like between the UN's veto-holding country leaders, but also Germany?
How do I deal with the fact that everywhere I go, there are politics? There are office politics mainly. What are they, & how does one get the hang of them or become good at them?
Has Rajinikanth already joined politics?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
What is the US’s response to Soviet hacking incursions into the elections of various Western democracies?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
What does it mean if someone participate in a election? Why people vote or don't vote?
How much time does it take for people to realize how bad and corrupt-minded a politician is?
What are we lacking in political system these days?
Is there any data proving that the political right is rising world-wide?
Is there any intelligence even the president of a country (pick one) can't know?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
How did Yogi Adityanath become CM, as he is an MP and not an MLA?
What if there was no government?
What is your opinion on Bill C16 that was just passed in Canada?
Isn't the idea of a nation in itself flawed?
In regard to power, who is more powerful in his country, the US President or the Chinese President?
How do I find a neta (a politician) online?
How would one briefly describe the present Indian political landscape?
Can we stop a political populist consensus based on fallacious statements?
Why are Republicans so despicable?
What makes the ideologies of communism and nazism so dangerous?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Could the UK's Trident nuclear deterrence system be renewed in a less expensive way, such as with land-based ICBMs?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
Globally, people hate their politicians (baring a few). Why don't we have an alternative by now?
What is currently going on in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha?
Will you vote TMCP again, & why?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
To what extent was the Gough Whitlam dismissal influenced by the CIA?
Are first world countries other than the US more civil in political matters?
Why do we still label China as a Communist nation, while most of its values have greatly strayed from communism?
How would the Middle East respond to a woman president?
Why did Rep. Rod Blum have those kids with him in the interview he walked out of?
Is Liberalism a religion?
Is it really that hard to understand that Liberals are patriotic?
Would it be a good idea if Indian MPs and MLAs conducted townhalls in their constituencies?
Who would you approach to get a first start in politics in Australia?
How do Justice Democrats plan to defeat the Democratic Party hacks who prop up its leaders for personal gain?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
Why do Americans love capitalism?
Are there any businesses that support the Green Party?
What is the difference between the rule of law and the rule of man?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
Can a political party manipulate India’s EVM?
Where does the Kim Dynasty get its inspiration from on how to run a totalitarian dictatorship?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
What are the main foreign policy principles of Russia?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
What is the role and impact of the media on contemporary politics?
If our Prime Minister, Mr. Narendra Modi, bans the reservation system, how will society react?
Is democracy sustainable?
Why is the two-party system stronger in the US than in the UK or Canada?
How would world politics change if a mile-wide asteroid strikes Moscow along with all the key Russian politicians?
What is the role of media in uncovering the corrupt powerful politicians?
Where is direct democracy possible?
Why are conservatives portrayed and accused by liberals as being intolerant bigots?
What are the liberal and conservative views on affirmative action and the economy?
Are anarchists advocates of federalism or confederalism?
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
What would happen if a state like California decided to leave the Union?
Why is it never liberals' fault that they lose an election?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
What is the left wing?
In the case of non-compliance of award by one party, what is the remedy available to the other party?
Are there any political reasons allowing more allowances allotted to SC/ST?
What are the different kinds of Democrats?
What is the fate of Europe?
Is it fair to draw comparisons between the current political landscape in Washington and the years leading up to the collapse of the Roman Republic?
Partisan bias aside, which U.S. political party is truly the least racist?
What's the most noble thing done by an ideological opponent of yours that didn't involve their changing or challenging their ideology?
Since power attracts the worst, wouldn't it be better if MPs/MoC were chosen at random from among all people having at least a master's degree?
What would change if the Labour Party wins the election?
Which is more likely: a Christian president or prime minister in a Muslim country, or a Muslim president or prime minister in a Christian country?
Do you think the Democrats will nominate someone on the left in 2020?
In Australian voting, if at least two have the same amount of votes, which one is going to be terminated first?
Why did the Presidents of Turkmenistan rule with a dictatorial personality cult?
How is a filibuster used in congress?
In France, when a mayor is appointed minister, is he still the mayor of his city?
Is populism on the rise in Europe?
When parliament is dissolved, will there be a prime minister?
Comparatively, how important to becoming prosperous is access to occluded information from nation to nation?
Can the political questions on Quora be any more passive aggressive?
Who is the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh?
What if USA had a Prime Minister?
When the United States becomes heavily involved in a country, should that country have some fraction of a vote for U.S. leaders?
What's the qualification to join Indian politics?
Do you see a striking similarity between Trump and Zuma of South Africa?
In your country's politics, which are more successful: liberal or conservative parties?
Can a retired governor be eligible for an MLA or MP in India?
The U.S. uses a two party voting system. Do you think a two party system is effective?
What are some of the dirty tricks used by politicians in elections?
What are the major political factors affecting international business?
Which (inter)national systems and institutions are in dire need of a major upgrade?
What are the legislative powers of the president?
What exactly is Realpolitik?
Is it true that 'gangs' are just power-structures that emerge from people who are disenfranchised by mainstream politics?
In a parliamentary system, what is the function of a president? How is he/she different than the prime minister? And how is he/she chosen?
What types of anarchism exist?
Why do the Korean political parties keep changing names?
Does polarization help political parties to achieve their target votes or religion/caste factor works in Kerala?
Who is the prime minister of Venezuela?
Are fascism and communism both derived from socialism?
What is the best way to describe politics?
Why are some political members and leaders corrupt?
What shall be the next best move to bring a drastic change in Tamilnadu politics?
What are some examples of international organisations causing nation states to act in a way that they wouldn't otherwise, if the international organisation didn't exist?
What would be the socio-political and economic consequences of technological advances and widespread automation of economies?
How did Russia go from being a secular, far-left dictatorship to a Christian, far-right dictatorship?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
What is a “mean politician”?
What would be the solutions for political instability?
How can you outperform in too much office politics?
In what way is the 2017 Conservative Manifesto left wing?
What is your view on Rajinikanth’s political entry?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Did MTV Rock the Vote make a measurable impact on voting?
Why did the Trump campaign opt for Mike Pence? What can we expect from him if he succeeds Trump as President?
Did people like Yogi Adityanath initially start cow politics only because all politics related to humans were already being managed by other ruling parties?
What are people in Germany hearing right now about the scandals in the Trump administration as of 5/18/2017?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
A YouGov poll suggests that the more education you have, the less likely you are to vote Conservative. Does this surprise you? Can you explain it?
If Latin American countries were not a direct threat to the US, why were they invaded by the US during the Cold War?
Is political correctness a regressive social state?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
With the current Russia/Trump collusion probe, those who testify claim sources of information are classified. When will those names be made known?
Who is the most powerful yet morally good political leader today? What impact have they had, and why are they who they are?
Most politicians are corrupt or with criminal backgrounds and are greedy for power. Why should bureaucrats who truly work for the country be controlled by them?
Why would someone be a conservative but not a libertarian?
What effect do you think the attack in Manchester (22nd May 2017) will have on the election results?
As a liberal, which Conservative politicians do you have the most respect for?
Why is social media considered good for politics?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
What percentage of people who identify with the ideals of the Libertarian party actually vote for one of the two major parties?
Can an MLA of a Dissolved State Assembly vote in India's President Election?
How do you view Dr. Jordan Peterson's views on Political Correctness, namely LGBQ labeling?
Why do the leftwing liberals always align themselves with the top 1% of the wealthiest people?
If communism has to be on a global scale, how come anarcho-communism doesn't have to be?
Where are the electoral candidates at during the election day?
Is the Anti Powerpoint Party reasonable?
Is Rajnikanth planning to enter TN politics?
When will Mark Zuckerberg be running for political office, and which office will it be?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
Which political party is better than BJP?
Why is India not a one-party state?
Do the conservative party have a history of putting the country in debt?
What is the best reply to "Jaanta hai mera baap kaun hai"?
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
What are the true reasons for why people don't worry about politics?
What is the main theme of international political economy?
Is Trump going to pull off the Nixon "I am not a crook" line, or are we already beyond that?
Why are Europe and other countries voting for either such odd or inexperienced political leaders? Is it disillusionment?
Is the European Union a federation or a confederation? How can one define its political set-up?
What are the main factors and reasons the alt-right and the left are currently rising in today's politics?
In the current social economic and political environment, which countries are likely to benefit the most?
What are Quora’s political inclinations?
What is good and bad about democracy happen in Mongolia?
Can double taxation be used to fight corruption in any nation? If yes, how?
What are the minimum votes required to become a member of the Rajya Sabah?
What would happen if the Indian President, Vice President, Prime Minister and Speaker all died at the same time?
Is a president of a country a manager?
Can you truly say Hillary Clinton, and her Washington elite, would be doing a better job?
Was the 1932 German federal election free and fair?
Why did democratic socialism evolve in Europe but not the US?
Who should I vote for in the general elections?
How is socialism in Scandinavian countries working? Why did that same socialism failed for Greece?
Why do other developed democracies (US, Canada, France) use ballot paper for voting instead of EVMs?
Which living US politician/public figure would make for the least divisive POTUS?
Which is worse, a military dictatorship, an absolute monarchy, or a theocracy?
Why do NGOs seem have good ideas for solving world problems than most governments?
Are there academic theories of power capable of explaining the actual dynamics of conspiracies?
Would a two-party system be better for the Philippines than the current multi-party system is?
Why do sites like Tech Insider attract so many right-wingers?
Why is the US becoming progressively a socialist-imperialist country?
How do honest officers/politicians handle situations when they see corruption but have no proof?
Why doesn't Malia Obama go to a community college?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
How is liberal democracy an outgrowth of modernity?
We see a definite shift worldwide from globalization and liberalism to protectionism and nationalism. What are the reasons for this?
Will May's Britain be a one-party state, or a one-woman state?
How can an average person become a president?
Are there any pro-life Democrats?
What brought an end to the Brazilian military dictatorship?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
Why isn’t the US installing a friendly right-wing leader in Venezuela now, while the country's in turmoil?
How do I answer this type of questions in AIIMS 2017 ? "Country: President: : State: ? (A) Governor (B) Minister (C) Chief minister (D) Citizen"
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
Could growing up in a communist country cause narcissism?
What would happen if you refuse to address the President as "Mr. President"?
Regarding Tamil Nadu politics, what is the connection between Rajinikanth and P. Chidambaram?
What if every single world leader was right-wing?
What type of power does a Prime Minister or a President of any country has?
Why does the term international relations have a much wider meaning than international politics?
Why is it so hard to defend and so easy to attack in politics?
Is it acceptable in a democratic country like India that a fatwa be declared against someone?
Are there reports of politicians voting for their opponents?
What are the political and economic characteristics of a communist system?
Is the American presidency voting system a joke to the rest of the world?
Who elects the national and state political party president and secretary in India?
Which section can be used to dismiss the ruling party?
What happens if all the clean people from BJP (including Modi) and congress form a separate party?
What political views and policies would lead to the least problems?
What was the political cause of the uprising of 1857?
Is there something seriously wrong with the religion of Islam?
What is the present situation in Indian politics?
What is the difference between religion and a political doutrine?
What is the purpose of taking away a felon’s right to vote?
MH-17 Tribunal what is that from your point of view? A political farce or something I should learn about law? Besides, I know the public attitude here, in Russia, so I look forward to see what you guys think.
Why are new Cabinet Secretaries appointed after a President is Reelected?
When is the imposition of a president’s rule implemented?
What do the people wish from our politicians?
Is the Satanic Temple a political organization?
Who was the best chief minister of Tamil Nadu? Why?
What are the issues or problems that Estonia is currently facing?
Are there any statistics available on forecasting failures?
What are the difficulties people face in a non-democratic democratic country?
My "secular" London state school allows Muslim students to pray, but provides seperate rooms for boys and girls. Is this endorsing Islamic sexism?
What do mainland Europeans think of the UK?
Considering that mostly Democrats commit gun violence in the US (98 percent), will gun control laws give them easier targets to shoot at?
What are some political ideas very few people know about?
Who do you think is a worthy presidential candidate for the forthcoming elections?
What are the arguments for monarchy?
What is the analysis for political poles according to the theory of realism, liberalism, English school, critical theory and constructivism?
Why do some red states have Democratic governors and blue states Republican?
Is there a better way of teaching maths than exclusion?
Why is it hard for politicians (who had no previous job experience before politics) to get a job after they leave office?
Are the modern Olympic games true to the stated mission, or have they become politicized?
Is democracy possible without capitalism?
Why has the EC gone silent on EVM Hackathon?
Isn't the redistribution of wealth the same as socialism? Is this the current policy direction of the Democratic Party in the U.S.?
Which political leader do you think will fill the void left by JJ in TN?
How did American companies gain a strong foothold all over the world?
Are Australia's interests that similar to US interests, or are Chinese commentators right to claim that US bases are "holding a gun to our head"?
Is national investigation agency of India good place to work? Is it free from any political influence?
Do you think if actor Rajinikanth gets into TN politics next year, will he win the next state election and become CM?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
Why did Trump win but Le Pen lost?
Did countries prosper under fascism? My great grandfather was from fascist Italy and said it was a much better place than it is today.
Which political party would a business analyser working in London vote in the up-coming election and why?
How can we apply Machine Learning in Political Science/Politics?
What are the established facts of the Brazilian political crisis that has been ongoing since 2014, behind partisan narratives from all sides?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
What do you mean by dirty politics?
What are street politics?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
How does globalization affect the international political economy?
Do you believe that liberalism and capitalism are fully compatible?
Is religious fanaticism in politics harmful for a democratic setup?
Did Trump deliver his speech in Saudi without a teleprompter?
"Optics" has suddenly become a popular political term. How did this just develop?
Why don't Democrats reach out to Republican voters, instead of talking about how they'll die off in a few years?
Which side of the political divide in Northern Ireland did more to bring communities together?
I own houses in 2 different states. Can I vote in the municipal and assembly elections of both the states?
Why is an independent election commission important?
If a particular demographic is statistically tied to a type of crime, is it bigoted for the larger population to not want any more of the demographic?
How much will India benefit from Rouhani being re-elected as Iranian President?
Is Malaysia commonly seen by other countries as a corrupt country led by corrupt leaders?
Can lawmakers enact legislation for any purpose “in the public interest” or are they limited to those functions which delegate special powers?
What are some examples of political nationalism?
Which are the democratic countries having fundamental duties in their constitution?
Should Iran support Azerbaijan in the Karabakh conflict?
What happens if Rajnikanth joins politics?
What is the exact meaning of “Minister of State for Home affairs”?
Why are British Indians so powerful and wealthy?
Should the Philippines move to a federalist form of government and why?
When should you not vote in a democracy?
How was the government formed?
What are politics and values?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
What major events have happened in the U.S. since January?
How do we choose our president?
Has anyone gone on a political journey from one ideology to the next?
What is France’s type of government?
What would conservative Muslim opinions look like in US politics?
Do you try to understand the Turkish point of view when it comes to EU-Turkish relations?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
Is money has all powers for politicians?
Should religious beliefs have any part of politics?
Why is Saudi female empowerment led by women with wealth and means rather than middle/lower class women?
Who was the first deputy chief minister of Bihar, and what was his contribution to the Independence movement?
I really have linguistic abilities as well as good knowledge in political issues, how can I reach the channels and get interviews with them?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Will Rajnikanth be better off being a kingmaker in TN politics?
How do I protect myself against being fired for my political views?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
Someone I know once said that Japanese nationalism was basically communism. Is this accurate?
Why are Christians traditionally right-wing?
If a president dies mid-term, and the VP finishes off the rest of his/her term, does the VP get to run for president once or twice after that?
What is Political Obligations and what are it's theories from liberal perspective?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
What’s your expectation from the local election in Nepal?
How powerful is the Indian government?
Why can’t even one Republican stand up and admit that Kellyanne Conway makes absolutely no sense?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
If you get a chance to end the political career of 3 Indian politicians, who would they be?
Should world leaders consider morality in the conduct of international relationships?
Did the Iran Revolution in 1979 indirectly cause the Iran--Iraq War?
What happens when a country doesn't follow ICJ's judgement?
Is the term "liberal" outdated?
What would happen if Trump & Pence got impeached for corruption? Would Paul Ryan become President?
For people not in the US, has Trump made you pay attention to US politics in a way you didn't before?
Has there ever been a film which has caused protests, riots, violence, or tomatoes thrown at in cinemas?
Should Members of Parliament be given rewards when they pursue education during their tenure?
Why do particulate political party representative attend Arnab Goswamy kind of television debate to get trashed like this whatever the matter is?
Is there a foreign policy newspaper that is not left-wing? I would prefer either a conservative or a libertarian one.
Wasn't there a time when right wing people were suspicious of Russia?
Do you prefer communism or capitalism?
Why does nationalism have such a bad connotation?
How do you fight off the feeling that no matter what you do, nothing will change about American politics?
Is an education in law necessary for politicians?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Is it better for school board members to be elected or appointed?
Is the parliament system in politics based on the Socratic method or dialogue?
How do you picture 'Life' in a Perfect Utopian Society?
How many Parliamentary forums at present in India ?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
If a politician can't get elected to the senate in their own state, do they move to another state and run there?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
What would have been the economical and political landscape of today if oil had not been found in the Middle East?
Why do the Conservatives hate the poor?
Is liberalism hijacked from the inside?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
Was Lenin a good example of how communism should work?
Why do you think academics are striving to become politicians & defeat political corruption instead of defeating the fraud and corruption in academia?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
Should leftists support Rojava?
Why are people on Quora so polite?
Why isn't the current political Zionism considered to be equivalent of a right-wing extremist ideologue?
How did ABVP become leader of Indian student politics?
What do Democrats think now of "Elections have consequences"?
How are countries like the UK and France able to have multiple political parties?
How did nationalism grow in Latin America?
What is your opinion on Saurabh Bhardwaj's EVM demo?
What is the comparison between parliamentary and presidential (executive) forms of government, with reference to India and the USA?
For history class, I have to give a speech. I have to take the side of Idi Amin, the Ugandan dictator. How should I approach this?
Why is politics said to be a dirty job?
If every being are univerally connected to one, why are we taught politics, by such learned people like Chanakya?
With the manipulation of the prosecutors' office in the Lezo case, should the Chief Fiscal Maza and the Anticorruption Fiscal Moix resign?
How should a 2016 accounting graduate break into public service/politics when most positions require a social sciences major?
What is the capitalist version of national socialism?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
What do you think it would be a good name for a new political party/movement in Europe?
Why is Lalu Yadav so successful in Bihar politics?
What makes authoritarianism and oppression of political opponents more dignified in Singapore than in Russia?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
When did being liberal become a bad thing? Why is there so much hatred for liberals?
How would you feel if you interfered with a foreign country's election and got away with it?
As a caring citizen who has no time to run for office, what can I do to resist Republicans' inhumane policies? I already vote & write my legislators.
Who is the most corrupt politician in Pakistan and why?
What is it like to hold nationalist and conservative views in a liberal university? What would happen if you speak your opinion?
What are the pros and cons of Estonia getting the first AI member of parliament?
Why did the Kochs offer millions to vote against ACA repeal? I'm so confused.
Why has socialism never worked?
Why don't people recognize that communism is contrary to human nature?
How can we get rid of the political parties with all the prejudices these entail?
In which direction is Iranian politics heading?
Should liberals be allowed to vote?
What is the difference between art and science of politics?
Can you imagine if Russian news media ever questioned Putin's popularity in polls, in the context of how Hitler's popularity did not equal legitimacy?
“If even 1% of the population of a nation is radicalized, the future of the nation is uncertain.” Is Europe threatened by any religious invasion?
Does the political left stand for homogeneity or heterogeneity?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
Why is the West so politically correct?
Do Russians support restoring the monarchy?
What is the importance of the political ecology of health?
Could we be in for a surprise Democratic victory in the May 25th Montana house special election?
What are the characteristics of external sovereignty?
Why do people become socialists?
Quora is becoming a country. You must elect a cabinet in this virtual country. Which Quorans do you choose?
What is wrong with American politics?
What would happen if you assassinated an ex-president? Is there a difference politically between a current and former POTUS dying by your hand?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
Am I the only one disgusted with US politics?
What is a one-party system?
Why weren’t the words socialist and sovereign added to the constitution earlier?
Who prefers and spends more on the provision of global public goods? Is it left- or right-wing parties?
How bad is the US at separating church and state?
If liberals want universal health care, then why did they pass Obamacare and not a universal health care bill under the Obama administration?
Why has the world suddenly become interested in stabilizing somalia after ignoring it for over 20 years?
Who is the current central foreign minister?
Is the way Putin's supporters denying Assad's crematorium the same as how many one time denied the Holocaust?
Is the term National Socialist offensive to use?
When was the last time politics did massive good for humanity?
What factors influence the political equilibrium?
What are the role of caste in Indian politics?
What is your opinion on the level of political knowledge among youth in India?
Can Rajinikanth become a good politician?
If you’re a political leader of India’s democratic party and you won, what would you do?
How can I practice communism on my own to experiment with?
Can the use of propaganda be justified?
What do you think are the dumbest cliches in contemporary political discourse?
Has Ravish Kumar ever questioned Lalu Prasad Yadav?
What are the political challenges in the Philippines?
What are the obstacles of the libertarian movement, outside of the USA?
How are Italian political polls done?
Was Nazism derived from both fascism and socialism?
Should students have walked out on the Pence speech?
Has Canada ever abandoned liberalism?
Why would a non-rich person vote for a right-wing party? What benefit would they gain from it?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
How can scientists protest against corrupt officials?
How long will 'nations' continue to exist? What could the next structure be?
Why don't politicians work for the very people who vote for them, knowing that if they deliver only 10-20% of what is needed, that people will vote for them again?
Do Democrats really hate Russia just because it quit on Communism?
Which is the best way to vote with an EV ballot?
Is the politics of 'spin' inevitable in the media age?
Is it right that politicians pass bills for assembly house wages and perks that are disproportional to their work input?
Why don't we see any politician talking about the end of reservations, including PM Modi?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
Is there election prediction software?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
Which political party did Rajinikanth support in the 90s?
Is the Chinese government challenging the notion that democracy is the best governing system?
Why can't there be a chief minister for India?
Why do so many poor people in the UK vote Tory when the party so blatantly favours the rich?
After his term, do you think Donald Trump will write a book? If so, what might it be called?
What is the key difference between cooperative and competitive federalism?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
Is Justin Trudeau a populist?
Have there been any phases in history similar to the current political scenario?
What specific evidence or reasoning explains why a special counsel has been appointed to investigate Trump and collusion with the Russians?
What are examples of communist states?
Why is sharia law controversial?
For some African countries, like Zimbabwe, how do they end up in economical and political turmoil?
In a democracy, what can a far right party actually do?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Why can't we remove bigots who are leaders of a country?
Do the USA, in a completely genuine sense, need a president who is also a showman of sorts?
Does communism take away your freedom?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
When did the right wing become so enamored of cruelty?
How can the criminalization of politics be avoided?
It breaks my heart to see political leaders dividing my country for their own benefits. Isn't there any way to reunite people?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
Do you feel hopeless when discussing politics?
What would happen if all the countries on Earth will be destroyed completely except one?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
What is a state religion?
Who is the present home minister?
Don't conservatives realize that liberals are not going away? Will not stop voting? Will not lose interest in the American process?
Why do conservatives post so much political ideology thinly disguised as questions?
What is the science in politics?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
Should private land and banks be illegal? If so, why?
Have Australian politics stabilized or will we see more prime ministers with shortened terms?
What has caused the rise of extremism in the world in recent time?
What do Scandinavians think of democratic socialism?
What is your expectation of Sri Lanka in the next 15 years politically, economically and socially?
Where is the Socialist Paradise?
What are the people in Venuezla protesting?
What is the best way to motivate and encourage the youth to understand and even get involved in politics?
How can I win an election as a short male?
Why didn't Jesus get involved in politics?
Why are political parties fearing after hearing the news that Rajinikanth is going to enter politics?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
Who could be the next opposing PM against Narendra Modi?
Are there any countries which successfully made a transition from the two-party system to the multiparty system?
How is economic cost calculated for APL families under targeted PDS in India?
What is so important about politics to you?
What are some outrageously false myths/canards that persist among liberals and progressives?
What does the local government do for schools?
How great is UC Berkeley's international relations/political science division? Are the teachers abrasive?
When did being liberal become a bad thing? Why do people hate liberals so much?
What nation is most likely to cause World War III? (Which is the nation that will be the "bad guy"?)
What do you mean by dirty jobs in politics?
Are liberals only liberals because of the lack of racial "diversity" in their states?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
How will the current French election affect world politics?
Is it true that internal politics at older media outlets like the New York Times are a bigger barrier to progress than coming up with a new direction?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
How do I convince a socialist that socialism doesn't work?
Do you prefer communism, socialism or capitalism?
Does white privilege exist? If so, what is it?
What are things that only Tamil people do?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
Why is Congress so powerful?
What is Maoism, and how does it differ from Marxism?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
What happens when a member of the Lok Sabha (Mallikarjun Kharge) wants to ask questions to a minister who is elected to the Rajya Sabha (Arun Jaitley)?
What are some bad things that Betsy Devos did or is planning on doing?
What would be the pros & cons of an election law requiring any donations to a political campaign to come from a person or business within the polity?
What if Operation Ajax never occurred? Would Iran be a democracy today?
I'm pro-life but I agree with Democrats on almost every other issue, who can I vote for?
As the United States grows more divided each day, do you think there will be an ideological civil war in the country?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
What kind of career should a future presidential candidate pursue in order to become a president?
Why don't socialists advocate equal distribution of sexual pleasure?
What would happen if the leader of your country suddenly announced that he/she is actually gay/bi?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
What happened to leftism?
In what bad ways do politicians drive the media to influence our minds? What are their means of doing so?
Why is Vladimir Putin into larger government when it comes to economic freedoms, for someone who is big on being tough and hard on people?
Why does the "made in" label matters?
What texts and experiences shaped the development of your political views? What were the seminal factors in the growth of your civic sensibilities?
Who is the legal minister?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
In what way are politics affected by social media?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
Why are there so few brown senators?
What is democratic government?
Who is the best politician in Bihar? Why?
Why do Republicans constantly say that Democrats believe that Russia changed ballots or interfered at the voting places?
Why are there very few women in high-ranking political positions in China?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
Shouldn't Sally Yates run for political office?
Would a highly politically-active left-wing woman consider dating a right-wing man, despite their radical differences in opinion?
How is/was the son/daughter of a rich Venezuelan politician?
How would Trump be rated right now among all the government leaders in the world (best to worst)?
How plausible is it for Trump's Administration to become a dictatorship?
Does the DPRK president Kim Jong-un travel overseas, like to visit Russia, China, etc.?
Do democrat and republican liberals still believe and stand for liberty alike?
How does the political spectrum work?
What does federalism mean?
What do you think of the Open Challenge on EVM tampering posed by Election Commission of India to all Political Parties from 3rd June?
Why don't the Pakistani people organise a massive rebellion against the incumbent establishment to root out corruption & improve their country?
Is centrism a good solution to the politically left and right?
What is the most complicated political/economic ideology?
What is the greatest deception (or conceit) in human thinking about science, religion, politics, and history?
Do you consider the claim that social democrats are responsible for Rosa Luxemburg's death valid?
America seems to be politically divided as never before, and it seems to be getting even worse. When will this polarization stop?
Why does VS Naipaul say there is a fundamental flaw in the Indian ethos?
To what extent was Spain a fascist state?
What hypothetical scenarios would destroy the Tories government before the General Election 2017?
Why doesn’t Quora create a debate section since many of the questions on religion/political scenarios and the likes seem to be debatable rather than plain Q&A?
What are some examples of presidential powers?
What is the benefit of the 2 party political system if progress is stalled or reversed whenever the party majority shifts from one election cycle to the next?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Are people's political views determined by their news sources?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
Is the only problem with communism the lack of incentive to work? If so, how can you fix it?
Why does the political left not acknowledge the hypocrisy of the rhetoric that targets their political adversaries as somehow uniquely associated with historic acts of evil when similar rhetoric could be in fact leveled against them with similar truth?
Are there people on Quora who use the term "cuck" in a non-ironic manner when discussing political issues?
What would have happened if Darth Maul and Savage Opress had killed Darth Sidious/Chancellor Palpatine in 20 BBY?
What are the ups and downs of Nebraska's unicameral legislature?
What is the cost of an average local political campaign in the US?
Is there really any way to fight corruption?
Do you agree with the democracy system?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
Will the time come when people can be free to choose between a socialist and capitalist system?
Who is your favorite U.S. Senator who doesn't represent your home state?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
Does Ali AlShamshi believe in technocratic communism?
How do citizens of tyrant Arab states feel about political life?
What are the contributions of APJ Abdul as a president?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
With center-right governments being elected worldwide, what changes do you forsee for people around the world?
What are your views on the political uncertainty in Tamil Nadu?
What are Russia's most prominent social conservative politicians?
Is there any real fundamental difference between dictatorship and monarchy besides the invocation of divine mandate?
Are the citizens in Portugal pleased with their government?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
Since "progressives" are now actually "regressives", will the right wing be the new home of free-thinking liberal ideology?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
Who is the most eligible person for the post of next Indian President?
How high do you rate Ecology in your political priorities?
What do you study in politics?
Is there any place in this world which is ruled by two countries?
Is it better for a country to believe in God than a political ideology?
Has the Democratic Party thrown out personal responsibility by inventing political "rights" for identity groups?
What would happen if people were penalized for being on the wrong side of a vote in a democracy? Would that necessarily lead anywhere dystopian?
Would there still be gambling under communism?
Given the political atmosphere, will we see more citizens leaving America?
How do I become an MLA, or at least a Corporator? How do I start? I don't have any political connections or background.
Is King Ravana better than current-day politicians? Don't consider his controversies, rather his administration.
Why doesn't China help Vietnam solve corruption by punishing corrupt Vietnamese officials?
Is Republican TV for the citizens or for the politicians in India?
How does Canada compare on the world stage militarily, economically and as an overall political power?
In public relations and politics, is spin inevitable?
Is the world becoming more fun?
How do Americans justify that democracy is the system every country should implement when the democracy in their country could easily be compromised?
Are all Indian male politicians “randibaaz” (womanizers)?
What are some TV programs that have good debates?
How is Mumbai different from Thane politically?
Do only politicians become president?
Why are fascist ideologies considered “extreme right”, when they are in reality in the center of the political spectrum?
What does Gordon Miller think of libertarianism?
Is Vietnam a carbon copy of Communist Yugoslavia?
What are your views on the recent pulse scam of 400 crores in the Maharashtra Government?
How do pluralist politics work?
Is it true that in the next European elections Europeans will vote in Europarties instead of national ones?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
Do political parties in Tamil Nadu fear Rajinikanth's entry into politics?
What percentage of Americans are leftist, centerfield conservatives and right wingers?
Has Harvard ruined its reputation by admitting Obama, the worst president in history, through affirmative action?
What are some great features of past and present communist countries?
Who do you respect the most, in the political party that you oppose?
What do Germans think of the victory of Angela Merkel's CDU in North West Westphalia?
How the ''sanctity of state'' is the characteristic of a dictatorial regime?
Can Democrats point to a place in the Constitution where the so-called PolitiFact is mentioned?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
Would the American political system be improved if voters didn't know which party the candidate was from and voted based on their individual platform?
What would "Fly Over Country" like to hear from the Democratic party that would earn their vote?
Is democracy as we know it in demise?
Would the American people accept a political party similar to the UK Labour party? Would the party be successful?
Do you have to be white to be alt-right in politics?
What would you do if you were the dictator of India with full power?
Why are tariffs bad?
Why should the speaker of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha be selected from the house itself?
If both houses of Congress vote to appoint an independent counsel, can the President veto this?
Why did New York City elect Republican mayors, yet always votes for a Democratic president?
Where can I find “Country: President: :State: Governor” questions to practise?
What is the oldest good political party in Bangladesh?
What's it like being a center-leaning person watching their country be torn apart by the far left and far right?
Who are the key political philosophers regarding political representation?
How does a constitution as a structural instrument of the state attempt to introduce political order in a society?
What are some ideological differences between "Indicate" and "Syndicate" after 1969 split of congress?
Is it time for the western democracies to help Iran become a better balanced country?
If a United States President is impeached and found guilty, is that same President able to grant themselves a Presidential pardon?
Should there be a term limit for serving in Congress?
Are the Young Turks, Tim Poole, or any other independent journalist, propagandists when selling their ideology or thoughts on politics?
Are there any cabinet ministers with doctorates in Singapore?
Why would YouGov not ask someone which Prime Minister they would vote for, even though they’ve made it clear they’re interested in politics?
Why do only few monarchies exist today?
What happened with Sally Yates?
What is a pigeonhole in congress?
Is the criminalisation of politics the cause of rising election expenditures or the other way round?
Should we continue to support the two party system?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
Should we set a limit for political correctness?
If the US and the West hadn’t acted in the way they did, would the soviets have won the cold war?
What qualities makes the speaker of the house to be the second in line for the presidency?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
Is Macron an exceptional politician and will he turn around France?
What are some lies told by progressives?
What would a Graphologists' analysis conclude about Donald Trump’s signature?
What do you know about Brazil’s actual politic situation? And what do you think about it?
Did the Russians manage the political campaigns of democracies like India, the USA, or France, given the strikingly similar style?
Why does the US have no prime minister?
Shouldn't the party you vote for get that vote and not be given to another party?
Between a terrorist and a nationalist, what’s more dangerous for a nation?
Would it be possible to turn the USA to a dictatorship, if possible how?
How many dictators were first elected as President?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
Why do Democrats claim communism is different from socialism when Communist Russia called itself the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics?
Would it be possible to craft a new party in the US that appealed to the political center?
Why would true socialism or communism work?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
Can you bring an example when a politician (in a democratic country) used religion for political gains?
Why did Communism fail in almost every country where it was adopted? What is it about Communism that makes way for dictatorships?
Can the people of Quora argue for the opposition's political arguments?
Ex-communists, what made you leave communism?
Why is socialist Venezuela collapsing?
What are the opinions of youth on Indian politics?
For history, I have to give a speech in the perspective of Idi Amin, the African dictator, about an actual (political) subject. Any suggestions?
What was the political condition of India at the time of the Turkish invasion?
How can we stop Nepotism in Indian politics?
Who was New Zealand's greatest prime minister?
Just as the Republican party became conservative with time, and the Democratic party became liberal, what might happen in another 100 years?
What is the distinct definition of fascism, and what are its traits?
How can I respectfully disagree with someone with opposing political views?
How do I write an election campaign management case study?
How would you construct a question (or title for an article) that includes religion, race, politics, Trump’s election and the Civil War?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
Is India democratic? Or just pretending to be democratic?
How can the world function without money in Star Trek?
When will Raj Thackeray become CM of Maharashtra?
Are Tamils generally more left wing or right wing?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What should one do to become a good​ politician in India?
How does a politician become a political party member? Can the respective party simply say "no, we don't want you"?
Why didn't Karl Marx finish Capital Volume II and III before his deathbed?
How is statistics applied in politics?
Why are some politicians more loyal to the party than the voters?
Is the Trump association divided?
Why is Jewish lobby so influential in the politics of the USA?
What would be the solution to the problem "winning elections without money "?
What is your opinion about the Electronic Voting Machines for elections? Are they vulnerable to fraud?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
What has to be done to promote and protect areas affected by civil unrest?
Are you a progressive liberal, a conservative or a neoliberal?
Why the world people turning in to Far-Right?
Which US political party is most aligned with the philosophy of "live and let live"?
To what extent do the media shape political attitudes?
Why do most liberals support socialism but not monetary freedom?
What is communication theory in political science?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
What's wrong with Trump’s governance?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
Can I be a communist and not support transgenders?
What are some books that are in favor of the political, and philosophical ideology of fascism? As well as the failures of other political systems.
Who is the most charming female politician?
What are the biggest reasons why the citizens of the U.K. voted for Brexit?
Can a political party change its name?
How would you and your fellow countrymen react if your leaders started wearing capes?
My boyfriend and I have a major political view differences, should I see this as a problem to our future? Should I be concerned for this?
If only two people voted in an election, and each candidate got just one vote, who would win?
What is your view/opinion about Rajnikanth entering into politics?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
What if 9/11 never happened? How would this have affected the world politically and economically?
Why did some countries believe communism was a better way of life?
What were the causes of the clash between Confucianism and Communism?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
What are the chances that the EVM tamperings could only be a hoax? If not, how scary is this revelation?
How has religion affected politics in the Roman empire?
What are your views on the Republic Channel and its exposure of various political leaders?
What kind of political pressure do Indian Foreign Service officers face?
What is the difference between annex and conquer?
What happens if a politician gets assassinated?
Which United States political party will win the White House in 2020?
Would Pepe Le Pew be considered politically incorrect today?
If in May 1940, Lord Halifax had grabbed at the British premiership when it was offered to him on a plate, would this question be written in German?
Would it be a good idea to make every politician a scientist? How would this impact the world for the better or the worse?
How liberal is the so-called 'liberal world order' many proclaim?
What does government and politics mean to you?
What is the job description or duties of a member of parliament in Canada?
Will BJP's absolute dominance of India's political life good for the Nation?
Via social media, I post semi-radical but wholly centrist views criticizing every institution with the principles of US liberty. Should I be in fear?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
What does the Reform Party represent?
What are any regimes committing suicide other than the present regime in Indian history?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
What do you think about China in politics and enconomy? And is the politics system suitable for the current China or the most of her people?
What are some examples of immigrants who are liberal in their adopted country but support conservative politics back home?
Is George Orwell's 1984 relevant in India today?
Is it religion that determines the morality of a nation? How does it affect the lives of secular individuals of such nation?
Who is the biggest idiot in modern Indian politics?
Should Corbyn/McDonnell now be condemned for talking to the IRA/Sinn Fein a few years before it became politically acceptable for the UK to do so?
Will our politics ever be unified and bipartisan again?
What rules of politeness change in China?
What is the possible way to make TN people understand true politics and select right leader?
How would gender socio-politically change in 100 years from now?
If you were given the presidency and control over all 3 branches of government of the USA tomorrow, what would you change?
Is there any way for governments to avoid power corrupting its politicians? If so, how? If not, what part of human nature makes corruption unavoidable?
Are anonymous donations for political candidates and parties in the USA legal?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
How did you come to be a liberal or a conservative?
Why do we take the popular vote seriously in 2016 when so many of them are either Negroes or college students?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Is all of Quora liberal?
Should there be an upper age limit for voting, or should 16-year-olds be allowed to vote?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why does someone want to be politically correct while answering questions?
Who are leftists and rightists? Do they vary from country to country?
In a non-Islamic country practicing democracy, can a Muslim citizen vote for a non-Muslim government/political leader?
Does communism really take away your freedom?
According to William Rickards, how do dictators rise to power?
How many peaceful protests turn violent?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Why can't India have a political system like that in the US?
How would a Trump impeachment affect the divide in the United States of America?
Who is the father of constitutionalism in western political thought?
What is the role of a prime minister?
Is "political correctness" the same as "free speech"? If so, why?
What type of socialization do you expect to adopt world affairs?
How can I become a member of Parliament in Canada?
Is it possible that political ideology is much less important than execution, political norms, and a relative lack of corruption?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
Is there any chance that the Communist Party will come to power in the next 100 years?
Is it possible that the "red prosecution" during the McCarthy era has something to do with Hollywood being overwhelmingly liberal?
Why don't most liberals think the Democratic party is corrupt, even though they are being sued on multiple counts of fraud?
If Sanders had won in 2016, would the US government now be more left-wing than Macron's?
Has the Lisbon Treaty really made the EU more democratic?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
Why is Lenin glorified by Marxists and socialists when he was a brutal murderer and dictator?
Is a "micro aggression" a real thing or just something right wing activists made up to make the left look stupid?
Is Emmanuel Macron best described as being classically liberal?
In 20 years, will the Tories be hammered in election?
Will he really be impeached and forced out of office or will he be known as The Teflon President?
I'm currently a mix between a classical liberal, and minarchist. Why should I go left economically, and what is wrong with an individualist ideology?
Why is Russia interfering with elections in favor of the right wing candidate?
Why is the Conservative Party of Canada posting so many memes on social media?
Why do we study political theory?
Will there always be dictatorships?
Why does China want to invade the South China Sea?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
If you had absolute power in America for one day, what would you do?
Why is communism dying?
What are some scientifically established facts that sound right-wing?
Why should a politician (MP, MLA, or any other) show his/her power?
Terrorism is the use/threat of violence toward a political aim. This describes Antifa. Why doesn't the media admit this?
After impeachment, can a president still call himself president?
Who are the most conservative Quora users?
When did liberalism change?
Is San Francisco a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Which will destroy the country faster, neoconservativism or neoliberalism?
What are the contribution of Aung San SuuKyi in Myanmar elections?
How do lawyers and political advisors use dirty rhetorical tricks to tarnish opponents and their positions?
What major changes are you expecting from Emmanuel Macron, the President of France?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
Will people power force a change in Venezuela? And is this the end of the socialist revolution started by the late president Hugo Chavez?
Why is it necessary for the constitution to place limitations on the rules?
Does the Pakistan government brainwash its people?
Did “Baahubali” succeed due to patriotism and nationalism?
Did Donald Trump’s first visit to Saudi Arabia win the hearts of the Muslim world?
How do you see Indian politics shaping up 20 years from now?
In the UK, should I spoil my ballot or just not vote?
What is the poll where the UKIP voters are going to vote for this general election?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
Have you ever known anyone who made good on their promise to leave the country if so-and-so was elected?
Has Australian politics become more elitist and advocacy-group-driven since John Howard's Prime Ministership? If so, why?
Is Kejriwal promoting distrust in the system and in democracy to recruit more Urban Naxalites into their fold?
When was Ram Rajya established?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
How have people avoided becoming Democrats?
Is it possible to form a third ideology (other than capitalism and socialism)?
Why is there so much politics about Teen Talaak?
What is a non-biased summary of what all of the major political parties stand for in the upcoming British general election?
Is martial law okay to apply in Mindanao, Philippines?
If Liberals are causing the destruction of our country, then why is Russia trying to hard to support conservatives?
Why does our beloved Prime Minister choose to leave an impression of unpredictability among people at large?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
What can modern right-wing Republicans do to win Democrats and liberals over to their worldview?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
What are the policies that the Congress and other political parties had planned to form but that the BJP government successfully formed and implemented?
How can I relate the end of history to the hegemony of politics?
How would the world without the political boundaries?
Is Rahul Ghandhi the dumbest politician in the country?
Why do liberals want to shut down free speech?
What are some fundamental flaws with the idea of the afterlife?
How can street art, political cartoons, shopping, music, etc., help to explain the importance of gender in everyday life and politics?
Is socialism classless?
Why is it bad for the prime minister to meet with the ethics commissioner?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
Why do leftists continue to deny the left wing bias of the media in the face of such obvious facts to the contrary?
Why should a politician go for strategic campaigns?
How do you determine the election day?
Why do you think Donald Trump is a bad president?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
Are people correct to criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for taking selfies instead of governing and making thing happen for Canadians?
What would be the economic, social, religious and political impacts if superheroes appeared in the real world tomorrow?
Is there more politics than work pressure in Kolkata companies?
Does the modern Right Drive prove that you don't need an economic turmoil to promote nationalist-authoritarian politics?
Is there any civic tech political party in the world?
Can you think of a reason why a politically democratic voting system might lead to disaster?
Are politicians shills to their political party?
What is the actual difference between the left and right political views, globally?
What are the general social & economic positions of the French left-wing & right-wing?
Is there really a problem with human rights in China?
Why does our prime minister never get out in the morning?
How can I start a coalition?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
Is it true that South African youth have lost interest in politics due to corruption that includes the private use of public resources?
Why are you a Social Democrat?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
How best can you describe the vertical distribution of power in the government?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
Is there something that a common man can do, from a political sense of view but without getting into politics, to make India a better place to live?
Why do the Brazilians like Sergio Moro if he is absolutely tendentious, wants to be a political, and very probably corrupt, person?
How is cultural Marxism influencing European and American politics?
Why do we Indians elect a corrupt politician again & again?
How accepted are Noam Chomsky's views in academic studies of political history?
Should the Democratic party change it's name?
Are Chinese politicians all soulless psychopaths like American politicians?
Why do Indians discuss more politics than any other country?
How can Justin Trudeau reconcile a 15 billion dollar military aid package to Saudi Arabia with his 'apparent' liberal values?
Is there any merit in the allegations raised by Kapil Mishra, ex-Cabinet Minister?
Are Trump voters new to politics?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
How did Germany become a democratic country?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
What is one way to unite the left and right sides of the political spectrum so that they engage in productive rather than inconclusive debates?
Can a good scientist become a successful politician?
Why do some people in the 1st world vote for radical leftists and populists?
Why don't Democratic politicians and the left-wing media condemn violent protests more?
Why is Lalu Yadav still in politics, given the Republic expose?
Did BJP have a mandate for the presidental election?
Can cultural integration and political separation bring about peace?
Why are bureaucrats accountable to a congress?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
Is a socialist, libertarian, and rationalist country the solution to all problems?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
If Flynn had been chosen as the vice president, wouldn't that have been a huge embarrassment for our country?
What exactly is going on with politics today? I have a kindergarten understanding of these things, please take that into consideration.
Will the Tories get a massive majority in the 2017 general election?
I want to be politically active in the future, but have some problems with where I stand politically. How do I solve my political dilemma?
Which democratic rights have India copied from other countries?
What is a hybird regime?
Why do liberals think that Nazism is right wing extremism?
Why is much of the political spectrum of Quora filled with bitter, angry people?
Why do some people state they hate identity politics yet they refer to minorites as some kind of monolith?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
I need political operatives for my future in us politics. How can I find them?
Why do some people think “identity politics” is oppressive?
Should Rajinikanth join politics?
Does Enda Kenny's resignation indicate that the next Irish general election could occur soon?
Is a political or a mob psychologist able to explain the current situation, such as how it evolved, its future, and the resolution?
What are some examples of pluralist politics?
What is your opinion on the Obamacare cost spike caused by Donald Trump?
Had Brigitte been 24 years younger than E. Macron, what effects could it have had on the results of the presidential election and media discussions?
If the most extreme right-wing constituency of our government could pass any laws and do as they pleased for 20 years, what would America look like in any and every aspect?
What are some characteristics of a parochial political culture?
What are the major differences between the political ideology of the APC and the PDP in Nigeria?
Which party are you going to vote for in 2019 and why?
Who benefited most from Marxism, rightists or leftists?
Are Democrats less partisan than Republicans?
What were some major political events which affected Reagan's popularity, before and during his presidency?
What are the things a common citizen can do if their democratic government is making ridiculous laws (misusing their majority) to accumulate more power?
Is it ok to refuse to register to vote?
What is politeness in terms of pragmatics?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
Do anti-globalists in US oppose international trade in principle or do they simply want different rules?
What are the political ramifications of McMansions?
Why are some people contentious?
Would you vote for a presidential candidate who had no religious affiliation?
How likely is it that all the countries of the world will one day fully cooperate politically and 100% peacefully?
Why are most democratic presidents lawyers and most republican presidents businessmen or military men before they go into politics?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
Why are the white people in the Midwest less worldly than the white people in other parts of the US?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
How did the Viet Minh help decolonise Indochina economically and politically?
What is Democraci?
Do people believe politicians should have experience?
What is classical political economy?
Are people who play empire-building games more likely to have authoritarian political views?
Are there any left-wing nativists?
Why the Right Drive seems to have trouble gaining traction in the continental Western Europe?
What is green anarchism?
Should I vote tactically?
What are the questions that the public should ask political parties before Karnataka goes to the polls?
Is UPSC the right choice for me if I'm not interested in politics?
What are the most liberal countries in the world and what are some of their most liberal policies?
Will Sally Yates run for President?
Is the 60 senate votes on the budget in the Constitution?
Do you agree to the reaction of the Political Rights of Corruptor?
What are your views on WHO Director General Dr Margaret Chan spending more on first class travel and luxury hotels than on AIDS and malaria?
How rigged are the election in Russia?
How would you describe with your insight into politics, economics, and society these days in Indonesia?
In what ways are Star Wars politics similar or different to our global politics today?
What change do you see in the current 'NaMo era' politics and the previous years' politics?
Who do you think was the best Lib Dem leader?
I’m planning to join active politics. I have decided the party but feel it's better to attract them and earn an entry. What should I do?
What is the most recent research by Jonathan Haidt on free speech and political correctness on university campuses?
Is there a balance between capitalism and communism?
Is our democracy hacked?
Which EU countries have more immigrants from the UK than emigrants to the UK?
What is the difference between a liberal in the USA and a liberal in Europe?
Can Modi finish off Lalu and AK’s political careers, based on the Republic TV report?
Keeping in view the political scenario of Pakistan, is it sensible to "love" our politicians? Should we be emotional or evaluate them?
What was the political impact of the Suez Crisis on both French and British politics?
Who was the first president?
What kinds of environments should politics not be involved in?
When will liberals realize that Islam is the problem?
What role could AI play in governance?
What do you find interesting about political philosophy?
If elections lead to policies against the best interest of the people, how is this different from giving someone else a stick to get beaten with it?
Is humanitarianism left wing or right wing?
How do I explain Brexit from a comparative politics & normative perspective?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
Is there a viable argument for choosing British Parliamentary candidates through Open Primaries?
If liberals had the option to replace the rude but politically moderate Trump with a far more conservative but more PC President, would they?
Would Meral Aksener form her own political party, run for president in 2019, or neither?
Who is more powerful, a governor or a chief minister?
What former Presidents and Vice Presidents would be good for certain cabinet positions and other offices appointed by the President?
What do the general body of a political party means?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
Has 4chan grown too powerful in terms of its influence in media and politics?
Is democracy a door wide open to autocracy and despotism?
Suppose you are elected as a Mayor of Dhaka City. What works will you do first to change the city?
Which best describes a liberal or conservative ideology, the glass half empty or the glass half full?
Why should leftist progressive opinions be absolutely and completely ignored?
Is it a good idea to give citizens control over their taxes via referendum?
What should I study after journalism to be a better journalist?
How do the poor experience political democracy in India?
What are some negative impacts of religion on politics?
What happens if a vote of 'no confidence' is passed against a minister?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
When will all this confusion and chaos end in Tamil Nadu politics, regarding farmers, transportation, etc.?
Who was more popular: Putin or Hitler?
Is the Kashmir problem a political one or an ideological one?
What does “Member of Parliament can claim immunity” mean?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
Why were governments formed?
What are the best arguments against Marxist communism?
What is the best way to vote in the general elections?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
What are examples of the craziest moments from the political right and left?
Is paying attention to politics a waste of time?
Is there an agenda to flood Europe with Muslim refugees, as the conspiracy theorists would have us believe?
Does progressivism lead to communism?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
Is there any ideal political party in India?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
How was Boris Nemtsov betrayed by those who he once helped, given the attraction to be associated with Putin and his patronage?
Which ideology do you think will dominate the world in the distant future of mankind? Leftist, Rightist, or Centrist?
If Maxime Bernier wins the Conservative Party leadership race, what would that mean for the party, considering Bernier's extreme neo-liberal agenda?
What do people of India think about Arvind Kejriwal?
Is a real democratic world government viable?
Is every democracy a failure or it is so in specific countries?
Why are our prime ministers, presidents etc. not professors of economics, politics, international law or something of that sort?
Would you rather live in a place with an all-powerful government or no government at all?
Why are all the Brazilian politicians corrupt?
I am interested in politics but I cannot start a career in my home country because it is corrupted and violent. What are my options?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
In the realm of politics, between Russia and the US, which one is the good guy, and which one is the bad guy?
Which quality would you prefer in a politician first 'honesty' or 'his/her respect in society'?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
Would people from Germany vote for someone that moves there and becomes a politician?
What are the flaws of anarchism?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
What is it really like to be a conservative or “right” leaning individual within academia?
Why is Modi silent on Hindu extremism?
What are some awesome shayaris for Indian politics?
Why would you support nationalism?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
What is the art style used commonly in political posters called and where does it come from?
How can we common people contribute to our Nation?
Who is third in line to become president should a president not be able to finish his/her term?
If you close your eyes and imagine utopia, what do you see?
Is Robert Mueller an unbiased and intelligent enough source to head the Russian investigation?
What is main theoretical divide between Political Science and Public Administration as social science disciplines?
Why is it not possible to vote for the policies you like rather than for a party?
What are some speech topics for national current affairs?
How can the minority be protected in a democracy?
Is it reasonable to break up with someone you're in love with, because of their politics?
When will Lalu Yadav get his punishment?
Why don't political reporters ask politicians where they see areas of potential compromise with the opposing party?
Should politicians who advocate for war, be required to send their own children to the front-lines?
Theoretical question: If Hillary Clinton had won in 2016, who would she nominate in her cabinet most likely?
Why would the House pursue such an unpopular bill like repeal and replace? Isn't that politically unwise?
Should the AAP still be credited as the face of alternative politics?
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
What are the flaws of centrism?
Which country is the safest from a dictator taking over?
At this point, is Trump purposely trying to get himself removed from office?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
What are push and pull factors for Syrian refugees?
What can be done to ensure that right-wingers or conservatives never get into political power again?
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Did Hitler give Germans "false pride," like how Putin is doing with bold talk of Russian destiny?
Is there a global political movement towards the right to far right given the campaign of Modi in India, Trump in the USA, Marine in France?
How can Rajni change the dynamics of Tamil Nadu politics?
How do you feel about Macron's win in France?
Why is the prime minister in Germany called the "Chancellor"?
Why do dictators tend to pass power to their sons rather than their daughters?
Has communism changed the way you see the world?
Would Distributism be an effective alternative to Capitalism and Socialism/Communism?
Considering Obama's love of Cuba, communism is still okay, so why can't we have fascism?
What do you think of Sima Nan?
On May 18, 2017, Jacques Fresco died. How did global politicians react to this fact?
If you became a ruler of a country, what would your rules and regulations be in your country?
Does the Turkish Prime Minister no longer have any power or meaning?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
What do you think about Kejriwal? Is he really corrupt like other politicians?
Would you approve of a war (maybe political, racial, or economic) between citizens and how would you survive it?
Can alternative science and spirituality change social order and how?
Is it possible for a Senator or Congressman to never meet the president while serving?
How would libertarians get from here to their model society?
Does not having the right to breed and have children enforced by a government seem like a bad idea?
Would you date someone with opposing political views? Is it a deal breaker or irrelevant?
How great of a threat were the countries in Indochina to the US and the West during the Cold War?
What were Margaret Thatcher’s social views?
If there is democracy in the US, why were communists persecuted in the 1940s and 1950s?
What's a good way to analyze politics in India?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
Why is it important to know residential mobility patterns?
Who is the most successful political leader of Nepal?
What is the political future of Mamta in West Bengal?
What is your best protest rally experience?
Would it be an economic and political advantage if neighbours of India consolidate to form a single nation?
Who is the the newly elected president of France?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
Would Mike Pence, if he didn't become Vice President, have won reelection as Indiana’s Governor?
What is meant by "sovereignty of British Parliament"?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
Do you ever fantasize about world domination?
Would voters be motivated or disheartened to vote for a candidate running in California who had previously worked at the CIA?
What do you think of the class action lawsuits by Sanders supporters accusing the DNC and Hillary of election fraud and paying less than minimum wage?
Is Marine Le Pen and her National Front considered to be a national socialist?
Will an impeached president have his portrait in the hall of presidents?
Do you think Trump practices willful ignorance and selective bias? Can such strategy work as POTUS?
Are there any people who reached incredible success by being a follower and not a leader?
What is the first-past-the-post system?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
Can you call a former president Mr. President?
Which party will you vote for in the 2017 Gujarat election?
For which country would an Indian have a chance to become the prime minister or president in the near future?
In predominantly Muslim countries, are atheists worse off than Christians?
When did the monarchy start to lose power?
What is the best way to approach a career in politics?
Who are the most trustworthy and fair-minded voices in the American political landscape?
Which political parties are good for the country?
How can you run a country without government?
Is there such a thing called a conservative Democrat like a right wing Democrat rather than the left?
What is the logical structural solution to social, economic, environmental, and political problems, injustices, and degradation given a market state?
Why aren’t students in politics? Can’t they manage it?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
Some countries have a President as well as a Prime Minister. What are their roles?
Are ex presidents private citizens?
What do you call it when you intentionally bring on an awful representative or a horrible example of an opposing idea in order to strengthen yours?
Frankly speaking, with all the differences in values, who is the world's best leader?
What is the difference between being “anti-political correctness" and being rude?
Why are the Democrats fighting Trump so hard?
Why/how do working class Britons vote for the Tories?
Do Democrats /Liberals want Nuclear War with Russia and kill millions of people? How can democrats/Liberals can be irresponsible?
Why are Hollywood types leftist?
What are some news stories that have have been overshadowed by recent events in US politics?
Does double jeopardy apply with a presidential clemency?
What suggestions can be given to youngsters who want to enter state politics?
Who was the most ideological/idealistic U.S. president and who was the most Machiavellian/opportunist?
Is anarchism distinct from liberalism?
Why didn't our PM Modi utter a word about the person who was beaten by a Shiv Sena politician (the flight incident)?
Which celebrity, with no previous political experience, would you vote for as president?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What else is going on in U.S. politics in May 2017 that prompted Comey to garner such distracting attention?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
In two sentences, what is the difference between liberals and conservatives?
Why is democracy popular?
What is the future of nationalism?
How is the Russian Far Eastern economic region from the perspective of the international political economy?
What would happen if the UK became a Republic, not a monarchy?
What are the best arguments against monarchy?
Is the United Arab Republic achievable today or any time soon?
Why is AK not behaving like an IITian, but rather like a corrupt politician?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Are liberals the new facists?
What/who is the most dangerous group/person in the world?
From a practical geo-political perspective, should the West put China back under its boot?
To what extent does the executive control the parliament?
Who was the first Canadian president?
Why do Arabs always blame Europeans and Americans for all their problems?
Why do people think it is an utopia to normalize wealth over the people? Shouldn't it be an objective over the long-term?
Is the communist movement based on a philosophy?
Do all British parties use electoral gender quotas?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
Would Brazil have been more politically stable if it had remained a monarchy?
Is it acceptable to abstain from voting?
Are people who have traveled a lot in the world less prone to dogmatic beliefs and untruthful propaganda?
When did Communism become the primary ideology of the Democratic Party in America?
Who is better, Ravish Kumar or Arnab Goswami, in terms of raising awareness and having analytical skills?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
Is there any correlation between parties within EU (in terms of ideology)? Like what do CDU/CSU in Germany correspond to in Austria/Switzerland/Britain/etc.?
How do Prime Ministers choose people for Cabinet posts?
Is it true that pro right wing Jagmohan ruined the situation of Kashmir and turned the political issue into a religious issue?
What is the real 'political correctness' for American soldiers in their own country?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Do all congressmen need to put down their name when they vote?
Are there any world leaders or former world leaders that use Quora?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
Are Republicans in favor of a US oligarchy run by an autocrat, similar to the Russian system?
Why is it so easy to be corrupted by power and what sets apart those who handle power well?
Are you sure you are a liberal?
Why do many people claim that Macron will turn France over to German hegemony despite his outspoken criticism of massive German trade surpluses?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
Are liberals and their self-interests disbanding the Democratic Party?
Are the overly politically correct a threat to Western civilization?
How can I become a political scientist in a country like India? What does a political scientist do?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
Why are people saying that the Democratic party is currently experiencing an "identity crisis"? Is the GOP not also experiencing an identity crisis?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
Is there anyone who voted conservative in 2015 and Leave in the 2016 referendum who is thinking of voting other than Conservative on June 8th, 2017?
Could Tony Blair hypothetically become prime minister again if he were to return to politics?
Could now-former FBI Director James Comey run for president in 2020?
What will be the condition if educated youths jump towards politics?
What are the causes of the rise of rebirth of nationalism in America and some European nations?
When will liberals stop lying?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
What is the name of the Pakistan prime minister today?
Is the U.P. chief minister married?
What is your view about the Indian politics?
What will happen if Mueller's investigation shows that Trump is innocent, regardless of whether Trump's campaign officials are shown to be innocent?
Is it irony that Trump's catchphrase was "You're Fired" before becoming POTUS and as POTUS he has fired so many people?
How does Iran vote?
Would a dictator help a western country at the present time?
Is the party affiliation of tellers at polling stations a good clue if one wants to know how to vote tactically?
Why is it so important to build an organisational structure for any political party?
In the UK, how is a sitting Member of Parliament deselected by his or her party?
Why don't countries throw dice to select politicians?
Was using Patton as a decoy during the Normandy invasion a strategic decision or a political one?
What is the influence of the National Emergency proclamation (Article 352 )?
Socialists have been at work for about 100 years. Where is the socialist paradise?
What is the meaning of council of minister?
Can you argue Marxism vs libertarianism as objective as possible, with points made that showcase understanding for both?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
Who is the prime minister of Brazil?
How can an act of parliament be repealed?
What is your view on RSS prescribing fair, tall ‘customised’ babies? Is this dystopia in the womb?
Why do Tamilians don't want Rajinikanth in politics?
Why do politicians say that the American soldiers are fighting for their country, when in fact, they are inside someone else's country?
What is the best party system?
What new ways of organizing society would historians expect to see after secular democracy?
What is the “country: president: : state: governor” type of question called?
What does my political compass say about me?
Should we give anything that is made of atoms equal rights and the right to vote?
What are the differences between neo-Nazis and National Socialists?
Why is there a rise of right-wing populism in the world?
Can you list things that I can protest about?
Which country best represents the Democratic vision for America?
Would solving court cases become easy if, a lie detecting machine, truth serums, a psychologist and a hypnotist are present during a court hearing?
Why do people generally vote for people who probably don't serve their best self-interest?
Is Venezuela a socialist or communist country?
What is the political situation world wide?
If Trump were to resign, would the "Resist" movement target Pence next and refuse to cooperate with him as well?
If a superhero/ine could become your country's President/PM, who would you vote for?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
Can I file a PIL against the party based democracy and its working by giving my views that partyless democracy works better?
What is the common man's opinion of Lalu Prasad Yadav? Is he really a corrupt person, or is that a media creation?
Can the egoist/individualist anarchism of Max Stirner be considered closer to a national-anarchism than to a traditional left anarchism?
What factors is much likely to change the party systems?
Have there ever been any witches in politics?
Is it possible for a centrist party to develop in the USA?
How does Scandanavian-style socialism differ from the communism we've seen in Venezuela?
Was Deputy AG Rosenstein made aware of a recording of the meeting between Comey and Trump?
Why is it that in politics, avid supporters of politicians think they speak for most people?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
What's the security for political parties in India if they fail in elections?
If Trump nominated Abraham Lincoln as Director of the FBI or to the Supreme Court, would there be strong resistance?
How has mankind acquired the authority to conquer nations in order to "civilize" indigenous people? Does politics define morality and goodness?
Which political parties are pro points-based immigration in the UK?
What is significance of the Erdogan regime in the context of world politics?
Why are the politicians demonizing Russia? Doesn't that increase the risk of WWIII?
How public opinion, influenced by the media are threat to democracy?
What criticisms of your political party are actually valid?
Will Western democracies ever cease to exist due to shifting attitudes and values?
How can a young adult start volunteering for a political party?
What is the best way to be elected president or prime minister as an independent?
Why are European Politicians younger than American Politicians?
Is martial law bad (I'm asking this since our country declared martial law about an hour ago)?
In what major countries, if any, can a non-native (someone born outside the nation) be elected to the office of president?
Which books should a person with a sheer interest in politics read?
How do leaders who are perceived as 'enemies', know that they won't be arrested when they visit western countries?
Will artificial Intelligence ever be used to create harmony amongst mankind?
What can we expect from Rajnikant being in politics?
Which country do you think has the best political system that has contributed significantly to its progress and why?
What are some lies told by conservatives?
Is it just a coincidence that "conservatives" who buy into the right wing alternate realities also reject science in favor of faith?
Why is it a big deal for Congress to use its subpoena power?
What is the distinct difference between centralisation and bureaucracy in terms of the Modern State?
What is civil religion?
What are some examples of centrifugal and centripetal federations?
Do you know any good (long) background story articles on the current corruption scandals and political crisis in Brazil (Petrobras, Odebrecht)?
Why can’t India have only the president, thereby we can reduce corruption from so called big political parties?
Without using EVM's, how can elections be conducted in fair manner?
What are the changes today's government has brought in our country?
How do left political parties finance themselves around the world?
As an ethnic minority voter, which party do you support?
Who is the most corrupt politician in Andhra Pradesh?
What politician is similar to Duplessis?
Why has political speech become so hateful and divisive, and why has real tolerance become so rare (yet constantly preached)?
Why, when they talk about socialism, do libertarians ignore nations in the EU and elsewhere?
Can ex presidents refuse secret service protection?
What is your view on recent college protests?
How is federalism practiced?
Has our judiciary hanged any politician till today?
What can I do after graduating with a master’s in international political economy?
Will Sally Yates run for office?
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
I'm a liberal social worker and I got a paper cut at work, should I sue the Russians?
Why doesn't Tulsi Gabbard go back to India and do politics, and leave the presidency to real Americans?
What is the difference between a parliament and a cabinet?
What is the closest example to capitalist anarchism, and what are the arguments for it?
Will there be a separatist movement in Maharashtra and Karnataka in the near future?
Was Schubert politically active?
Do ex-presidents miss being president?
My political science teacher told me that socialism initially runs well, but the countries practicing it will eventually fail. Is this true and why?
What is left ideology?
What is your personal approach to globalisation, and do you think that globalisation is mostly positive or negative?
How can I get involved politically as a teenager in Canada?
Why is there so much falsehood regarding rights, or perhaps is the term ‘Gun deaths’ a distraction from far more important real issues?
Is it true that Democrats are tough on cops, soft on crime?
Why are patriotic people considered Right Wingers in India?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
What will be the political future of Tamil Nadu?
Why is World Economic Forum at Davos so good at honoring corrupt leaders to speak at their summit, such as Toledo who is on the run from Interpol?
Will U.S. voting districts ever be fairly redrawn, and also allow appropriate minority representation, without favoring or disadvantaging either party?
What would happen if children from 10 years and up were given the right to vote?
What are some things that regular citizens do, but not communists?
How do I find good politicians?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
What are the different forms of government around the world?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
Will the new FBI director reopen the investigation against Hillary Clinton? Is an indictment likely?
Why is Jon Ossoff such a war hawk?
What does Cambridge Analytica do?
What are the pros and cons of meeting the president?
Can I go into Architecture and still become a politician or the president of a country?
What would be the immediate reaction from people if there was a mass murderer that murdered everyone in Congress/Parliament?
Which is better, Pure Communism or Pure Capitalism?
How can I meet the transport minister of Center/Haryana or Delhi?
Is Donald Trump a good leader?
What does "when a leader speaks, that leader dies" mean?
Which is the last political murder in Kerala?
Can a Vice President be removed from office?
Can Sharia be imposed in our secular Indian democracy by any political party?
Can you imagine being in a corruption free nation? How does it feel?
If a person is acting President during a president's first term and becomes president 2 years into the second term, can they be elected twice?
Is capitalism the invisible monarchy?
Why didn't state socialism work?
What are the the duties of the majority whip?
Why do we avoid political facts and viewpoints that contradict our own? Why are honest, formal debates so rare nowadays?
In regards to Robert Dahl's requirements of a large-scale democracy, what is meant by "associational autonomy" and "inclusive citizenship"?
Is it still OK for a Muslim man (me) and his wife to move to London considering the current situation? Will we be welcomed?
Could the House/Senate block a party/person from voting?
What's the difference between a military dictatorship and a fascist or communist state?
What is left and right wing in Indian politics?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
Why do some groups of people hate politics and hesitate to vote?
Why aren't more political parties multinational?
What are the proper functions of governments?
Who is the most badass politician ever?
Who are the list of candiates of the election 2016 and what party is far right and racist?
Should more politicians worldwide join Quora?
What do progressives think of Rob Weir’s answer to “Why is the Libertarian philosophy unpopular?”
What would happen if Kim Jong Un converted to Islam?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What is the difference between institution and organization?
What happened to all of Marine Le Pen's support in the second round?
What causes Socialists to want to implement Socialism?
What’s your largest criticism with regard to far-right capitalism?
Who is the most famous British politician of all time?
What will China do if Vietnam renames itself as China?
Has there ever been a benevolent dictator who made their country better without exploiting the nation's wealth for personal gain?
What is the purpose of censorship in China?
What are the salient features of democracy?
What is your view on ICJ's verdict on former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav? Is it a major setback for Pakistan in the global arena?
Is Arvind Kejriwal the only honest politician present in Indian politics at the moment?
How do you define good corruption vs. bad corruption?
If Dwayne "The Rock" really does run for president as an independent candidate, are Americans ready to vote for someone not from a major party?
Do you agree that Donald Trump and Saudi Prince Salman are the most dangerous men in the world & they are meeting this Sunday to declare war on Iran?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
What is inherent flame?
Why are the French stereotyped as being cowards who surrender all the time?
Do modern Vietnamese like communism?
Who is the most powerful living person most people have never heard of?
What kind of pictures do you see in your media about your own and others’ countries, when it comes to information about a political decision?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
Who is the best politician in Andhra Pradesh?
Should Iran and Azerbaijan be close to each other?
Should I quit my job if it was at a corrupt government in a corrupt country?
How accurate was the account of the early development of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle as depicted in the HBO film, The Pentagon Wars?
Why are all of the Indian parties still interested in vote politics whether in the name of Ambedkar, religion, or Pakistan but not in the name of development?
How is Macron both social liberal and neoliberal?
What are they chanting when the 'Supreme Leader' casts his vote in the election? Why do they do so?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
What Are Some differences Between Mutualism and Anarcho-Communism?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
What do Putin supporters think of the Holocaust? How about Assad's crematorium?
Why don't some people tweet about politics or news?
Which congresspeople voted against the Saving American Democracy Amendment?
What does Kapil Mishra want to show by showing two blank cheques without dates in front of media?
Do you believe Indyref2 should take place?
Can you give me an unbiased view of politics within the UK?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
What characterises a populist politician from a non populist one?
Should Karnataka state be split?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
How do Super PACs affect elections?
Is there a politically neutral German news portal?
Why doesn't Trump advocate for campaign finance reform, condensing the election calendar, or electoral reform?
Is the world moving back to the pre-1980s era, where individual capabilities, not national politics, govern progress?
Take all the former presidents. Now, choose your president, VP, and cabinet? Who did you choose for each position, and why?
How, why, when, and who started the concept of politics in the world that has existed since ancient times? What is the history and origin of politics?
Is anyone concerned that democracy is falling down to communism and is being sold away by a 'die-hard' capitalist? For example, Putin and the KGB defending the USA?
To what country are US Senate democrats loyal exactly?
How do bureaucrats keep their political affiliation away from motivating or impeding their work depending on the political party in power?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
Is Indian politics becoming BJP and anti BJP political parties rather than policy based political parties? Why?
What is religion’s role in politics?
What are the approaches of political geography?
Is there an example in the world of a people's assembly? Are there countries who let the people truly participate in the political debate?
Why don’t Indian politicians question their low salaries?
How do most of the people speak about the ruling party, whatever party is in power?
Why is there the arrears system? Is there any better system than that?
Does the imposition of prerequisites imposed on candidates influence a state?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
What is a non-territorial nation?
Why are socially conservative parties still around in the 21st century?
What is a politically unbiased Quoran's definition of the alt-right?
Whom would you prefer, a corrupt but competent politician or an honest but incompetent one?
What powers would political Viagra provide?
Has the internet broken or revived democracy? Will the next American president be Caitlin, Oprah, Kanye or Ivanka? And is it good or bad?
Does a political party and their candidate have separate policies?
Can there be an institution which is truly unbiased in a democratic state?
What do you know or think about Nigerian government and the governed?
Who is it exactly that's controlling our political parties from behind the scenes, to our detriment?
You're a dictator (benevolent or otherwise) who has just achieved world domination. What are the first 100 days in power like?
What is the difference between the power of a Prime Minister and a President in India, when a big decision should be made?
How could I use the Corpus of Contemporary American English to do my BA research in linguistics about politically correct language?
Has any political party or leader raised any voice against reservation till today?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
Is being a young Conservative in your country as unfashionable as it is in the UK?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
Can a convicted politician/MP/MLA hold the office?
What is the Marxian perspective on political obligation?
Has any large democratic country industrialized as fast as China?
Is Ukraine a fascist country?
Why do Western powers allow China to seize more and more world wealth?
Who was the first chief minister of UP?
What resources would you recommend to an NRI to understand Indian politics properly?
Is there any other major political party in the world that denies climate change like Republicans?
Were the EVM tempered in the last UP election?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
What would happen if someone under the age of eligibility for the Presidency is elected and their Vice-President is also under said age?
Why are liberals so fat?
Will the cold war the U.S. has with North Korea turn into a hot one sometime soon?
Is it true that Jill Stein was caught loading ballot boxes on a plane to Russia, presumably to be tampered with?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Why are politicians usually not the most intelligent and wisest people, but somehow manage to represent the population’s interests?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
Why do so many politicians say they hate politics?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
Why can't Tamilnadu accept Rajini as a politician?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, and communism doesn't give any motivation to the people, is it still a good idea?
How can voters get incumbents out of office if gerrymandering practically guarantees their re-election?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
How do governments compete?
How can I convince supporters of a corrupt political party that they are supporting the wrong party?
To ensure an awesome Malaysia in the long run, what is the best voting strategy for Malaysians for the incoming election?
What are the major differences between leftist, rightist and centrist politics and their ideologies?
How is the election date declared?
Why do so many leftists and neocons think they are being clever by insulting the "other side" in a question?
Is it possible to impeach Trump and those who will replace him until the next election?
Is there a conservative agenda at Bethune-Cookman University?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
What are some dark secrets or things about the United States?
In UK politics, can anyone explain each of the parties' values in simple terms?
Why do most Indian politicians abuse others’ religion? Why don't they talk about how they can develop the nation?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
Is the sentiment against Hindi in TN maintained primarily by Dravidian parties to keep away national parties entering or gaining seats in Tamil Nadu?
Is Nepal a socialist state?
Would people vote for a person with Asperger’s for president?
Are left-wing protesters on the streets actually violent people as well?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Do you think the right wing elements are pretty much ingrained in the system and create havoc whenever they want, and nobody can touch them?
Who is one of the sincere MPs in the Indian parliament?
If you are given an opportunity to become a CM, what changes will you bring to your state?
Who has the power in communism?
Are Mexico and New Spain considered as one country, or share the same equal political ideology? What is the cause?
What do South Africans think of Jacob Zuma?
Why does a President who has won a second term get inaugurated a second time? Wouldn't it save money not to have to pay for a second inauguration?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
What is “politics”? How can politics be a part of the process of conciliation of the interests in a society?
If you could go back in time and shoot Karl Marx, would you do it?
Who is responsible for the birth of ISIS without getting muddled in partisan politics?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
Did Erdogan offer Trump to enter Raqqa with the Turkish military to prevent SDF from doing it?
Do any scientists feel the need to go into politics given the prevalence of ideologues and scientifically illiterate policy makers?
How should I go about becoming the first dictator of Canada?
Which of the following forms of organization is the most democratic?
Can you justify weighted voting in a democratic system?
Is the world enjoying as they watch America decline and fall?
How would a country ruled entirely by a bank, (not secretly) look like?
Do we need a universal goverment?
Is solving a political problem with technology solution-EVMs the answer in the case of Botswana?
What is a counterargument to "money spent on defence should be reinvested into health and education"?
How was life in the Victorian era for an ordinary person? The aspects I'm asking about are political, social, economical, and religious.
Why are Turkey’s diplomats instigating violence in foreign countries, like the US and the Netherlands?
Is Singapore a social democracy?
Why are both the far right and far left so authoritarian?
What are some good ideas for encouraging folks to vote for candidates based more on their individual merits and less on their party affiliations?
Why does the election campaign stop 48 hours before voting?
Are there any rankings of British MP's by their voting record like the American Conservative Union does for members of Congress?
Do you have to get any university degrees to be the Australian Prime Minister?
Can a country be a monarchy and a republic?
Can I get in legal trouble if I make a mobile game ripping off politicians, with the intention to generate revenue?
Should it, theoretically, be expected that people have different political views? Why?
What's China political system? How well is it working for people?
Should the Middle East countries stand together? How?
Why do the USA and Russia continue their little Cold War games while they ignore China stealing the world?
Is it possible to reduce the level of gamesmanship and deceit in politics, or will human nature always create mendacious operators called politicians?
What would be the likely result of a referendum in Nigeria on the subject of each Geo-political zone breaking away from the country?
Is it merely a coincidence that Japan and South Korea are the most developed non-western countries and the US has the biggest military bases there?
What are the definition of politics, government, and political science?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
What are some of the media houses that are not influenced by any powerful individual or organisation?
Are democracy, secularism, equality, GLBT rights compatible with Islam?
What are some examples of political risks?
How is political risk measured?
What are the political factors in the auto industry?
What would someone need to do to gain a lot of power over many different countries?
How much power would Russia have, now or in the past, if the West didn’t take the actions it did in the Cold War?
What would cause identity politics and privilege theory to fall out of popularity?
Is Social Democracy a branch of capitalism or socialism?
Is Viktor Orban a dictator?
Do high-up politicians with degrees, diplomas, etc, look down on other politicians who don't hold degrees?
Which Political Party Leader would you most like to go have a pint with?
Why aren't Trump supporters demanding an independent investigation of allegations against him?
Is the West standing still in the fight against ISIS?
Which country has the most diverse political elite?
Why do liberals lie so much?
What happens if no parties can agree on a governing coalition in Germany?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
What is the most insincere argument you have seen being made against libertarianism?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
At the moment, the political situation in Brazil poses great difficulties involving corruption in all political levels. What would be a good solution?
How can a grassroots poor person start a popular movement and become president?
What are the possibilities of one nation's political party infiltrating another country?
Is communism considered a cult? Am I considered part of it?
What are some countries that were first in the world for many things?
The English language has a great deal of influence on global politics and business today. Is that because of the USA or the British Empire?
Is there any book to know how American political system works?
Does the fact that Reagan swept his presidential election prove that swing states aren't everything in a presidential race?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
Partisan politics and Trump are clearly hurting the prestige of the world's lead country, the USA. How do you see that ever turning around?
Why do people now identify as a political entity rather than as a rational human with many views, some liberal, some conservative, some absurd?
Did France write its own death note by not electing Marine Le Pen in the recent French election?
Is there any democratic election that produced monarchs or dictators?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
How do Libertarians respond to the idea that a libertarian society is far too Utopian?
What do people mean when they say becoming a military general is "political"?
What indirect benefit do political parties get from the President (as they are so keen to bring the President of their choice)?
What do you think of the current global wave on ultra-conservatism?
Should Iran demand that the Republic of Azerbaijan change its name as Greece did to Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)?
What is the current French political situation?
Why are communists in India always anti-Hindu? Does communism mean anti-nationalism?
Who is the most stylish politician?
Under which article of the Indian constitution does it say the president can nominate 12 members of Rajya Sabha and 2 members of Lok Sabha?
Why would Trump eliminate the AMT as well as state/local tax deductions?
Who is the most far-right Republican politician?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Is the USA in the middle of a cold civil war?
What does the recent centrist win in France depict for Eurozone's economy?
Can anyone share an incident, involving an Indian politician, that shows his/her incorruptible nature?
Could Marine Le Pen have planned the terrorist Attack on April 20, 2017 to get to the 2nd round?
Are left liberals most hypocritical people in the world?
Who told Gordon Miller that India is politically unstable, currupt and has infrastructure issues?
If majority can't decide what is discriminatory towards minorities, how should such discriminations be legislatively defined in a democratic state?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Would the American government be better off if you could vote for more than one person who was running (e.g., if I could vote for Gary Johnson and Rand Paul)?
How do I stop communism?
Was Algeria’s Prime Minister (not President) democratically elected?
Did French President Emmanuel Macron's wife have an affair with a 15 year old student and leave her husband & kids when she was 40 to be with him?
What is a combination party in government?
Can you question/trust the agencies under the democratic rule?
What do foreign socialists and communists think about China?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Why do socialist governments degenerate into corruption?
Can a coup d'etat happen to oust Trump?
How did Britain, France, and Spain go from running world-spanning empires to decolonizing?
Does President Trump pick his press secretary based on whether Melissa McCarthy can play them on SNL?
How would you responded to a Kanye West presidency, if he actually wins in the 2020 elections?
What is worse: religious (non-political) terrorism, or political (non-religious) terrorism?
What would you give up if you had to, the right to vote or social media?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
Are Quiverfull Christians a threat to democracy? After generations of exponential population, could they overwhelm ballots and institute theocracy?
Are there any Spanish political highlights which distinguish Spanish from other countries and why?
What will happen if youths step into politics?
Do political parties in the US release manifestos?
How can I fight against the administration?
What are the changes in the world’s political scenario across the last century from India’s point of view?
Is it important for comedy to be politically correct?
Are the personalities of high elected officials similar to those of kings and queens even if they don't hold the position for life?
Are democrats really just mad at Russia for giving up on communism?
How is liberal Houston able to thrive in anti-urban right wing Texas?
Who is the present president of the USA?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Will Mike Pence be incriminated in the Russian investigation?
What are some petitions to nominate candidates?
What would a global society be like with a hybrid of the best ideals of both capitalism and communism & a value system with worth based individually?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
Is Trump pressing people to believe everything he has done is correct?
Do political leaders with children take more wise decisions when they impact the future of the world than those who don't have ones?
Are there any countries that we know were directly influenced by Vietnam's fall to communism (i.e. those countries also fell to communism)?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
What would you do if Milo Yiannopoulos was staying in your home for three weeks?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
How do you start a political action committee?
Is Will Randall a Republican or Democratic?
What is your critique of every political party?
What are the points of Indian politician Seeman are correct, wrong, practical and impractical?
Why is fascism rising in the Netherlands?
What will happen if India becomes a Communist state?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
Which is a better ideology, true Communism (not dictator communism) or Capitalism?
What does “binding vote” mean?
What would Trump need to do in order to get his base to second guess their support?
After a president is done with his 2 terms, can he still serve in a lower level position like a cabinet member, or is his political career over?
Do you think politics works in offices and undeserving candidates get more advantages ?
How and why has Ireland become more liberal?
Why is the division of races and religions as important as the division of labor?
Why do some people equate apostasy to treason when religions and nation states are different things?
Why are radical feminists called liberals when they don't like freedom of speech?
What is global governance 2025?
Why are there so few monarchies in the world today?
Does Gordon Miller fund political parties?
Who are more diplomatic & shrewd: businessmen or politicians?
At Eurovision 2017 (last night), did the German host raise the Nazi salute just before voting?
What have to be done to make the Vietnamese politics more interesting?
What is a local election?
Why is it that people are so put off by others with differing views, i.e. politics, religion, sexual preference, etc.?
How realistic is the idea of the United States of Europe?
Why did the CIA support a coup in Brazil in the 60s that overthrew a democratic regime?
What is the public affairs index?
Why is the BJP silent over the dirty politics of Mamta Banerjee?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
Will all the politicians in India join once together?
Is it true that "Americans never seem to appreciate patriotism in foreigners"? If there is some truth to this, then why would that be?
Has political discourse gotten out of control?
What could be the outcome of not participating in the election?
What are political emblems?
Are there leaks in the Saudi Royal Court?
Who were the left wing presidents since 1900?
How does the French political system work?
How can I get involved in politics at the age of 14-15?
How is democratic socialism different to democracy?
What is your stance on the Confederate Flag?
Is opinion about whether DC should be a state driven completely by party affiliation?
What is the difference between center right and center left politics?
Why is the male versus female argument getting more bitter with every passing day?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
What is the best history of the communist insurgency in Malaysia from the Communist point of view?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
Should uninformed people vote?
Can a country's political parties be streamlined or reduced?
What is the meaning of morality in Indian politics?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
Given the tumultuous political and social climate, is the U.S. headed toward a revolution?
Does an outgoing chief whip hand over his 'black book of secrets' to his replacement assuming they're both in the same political party?
Why don't the opposition join hands in finding solutions to problems rather than criticising the ruling governments?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
Why was President Trump given such a warm and grand welcome compared to Obama, by the Saudi government?
Why do Bhakts shamelessly criticise the actions of other political parties when BJP has been doing the same?
Which party should win the Karachi elections?
Do most people in your country lean Conservative or Liberal on social policies?
If you had a chance, whom would you have elected as India's new President?
What kind of political views does Dwayne Johnson have?
How are populism and nationalism related?
Will it be better if Rajinikanth stays away from politics?
Could we resolve majority of the worlds problems If we were able to shrink ourselves down (like honey I shrunk the kids style)?
Can you accurately call globalisation a form of colonialism?
What is the critical political theory?
Who are the ministers changed currently or newly elected?
Are you tired of false equivalence arguments by Kremlin trolls arguing that liberal democracy is just as bad as Putin's corrupt kleptocratic regime?
Had Prachanda (Pushpa Kamal Dahal) been good for Nepal as a Prime Minister?
What was life like in Hong Kong for average people during British rule in the 1970s, 80s, and 90s? How was it most different from life today?
Can someone give reasons to vote for NOTA?
What is Noam Chomsky's view on free market?
What was Gandhi’s mission in the politics and culture of India?
If supported by the majority of the British population, could there again be an absolute monarchy in the United Kingdom?
What is the Marthi meaning of “prime minister” in a minimum 5 of words?
How could RNC politicians be so ignorant about the effects of overpriced health care?
If being liberal means being open, and generally tolerant, why do so many people ask why "liberals" are so intolerant?
Are there any political science books which are only about political strategies?
What happens if ministers do not work?
Would BJP have won in UP had they declared Yogi Adityanath as CM candidate before the elections?
What does Christianity have to do with promoting the coal and oil industry?
How does politics affect educational development in India?
Why does everyone become corrupted in nowadays?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
What is the difference between politics and law?
What is community government?
Which country is the most repressive and least democratic, Iran or Saudi Arabia?
Why, in politics, did the right become left and the left became right so many times? What is really left and right in politics?
How close is the world to a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario at this moment in time?
What is the difference between right and far right government/media? Similarly, what is the difference between left and far left?
What are the side-effects of liberty and freedom?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
Why do people block for political reasons?
Who is the least educated president in the world?
What is the link between Neo-liberalism and capitalism?
Did John Howard's leadership move Australia's political scene to the right, or did it successfully stop Pauline Hanson from becoming prime minister?
What is the meaning of “members present and voting” in the special majority case of voting?
What is one political opinion that you refuse to tolerate?
PM Modi said that state elections should be merged with general elections. Is it possible as it can be unfair to recently elected state governments?
Is it worth replying to Bhakts or they should be left on their own fate?
Constitutionally, can the states adopt whatever voting system they please (e.g., IRV) for all elections in their states, including the US House and Senate?
What are the political issues in the 21st century?
Is Congress deserve right to speak for honesty and integrity?
Suppose the price per barrel of oil is equal to $10. What will happen in Arabic kingdoms?
Why do Americans call themselves either liberal or conservative?
How would you explain your political philosophy?
Do authoritarian regimes such as Russia or China tend to have more experienced and wise foreign secretaries than democracies such as America?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Why has mass Islamic immigration never appeared on a party political manifesto?
What are the chances of the SC and ST reservation system getting abolished if BJP comes to power in Rajya Sabha?
Have you ever had any idea of a governmental system which is flawless?
Should 16 year olds be allowed to vote and what parties support it?
What is neoliberalism and how is it killing you?
North Korea stated that they were prepared to talk to the US but less than an hour ago have reportedly fired a ballistic missile! Where is this going?
How do unpopular politicians manage to get re-elected?
Who is/was the most controversial American politician post 1900?
Will we ever see new Communist states again?
Can an MLA be nominated by the governor and if yes why only an Anglo-Indian?
Would you prefer to live as an average citizen in China or the USA? Why?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
Which country has given the highest prime minister?
How can someone justify rioting to prevent right wing speakers from talking all in the name of "free speech"?
What is voluntary euthanasia in Indian constitution?
Why doesn’t the Indian Prime Minister or President have a verified Quora account to interact with citizens?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
Should the prime minister, POI and CJI of my country participate in an election campaigning for one party?
What is the federalist system of government?
Is India fine as a democratic country or it needs a dictator to rule?
Who are you voting for in the General Election 2017 and why?
Why is tyranny usually bad?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
In Western countries, are presidents, prime ministers, or chancellors the people's representatives?
How much money do Republican-leaning interest groups & individuals spend each year on campaigns & organizations vs. Dem-leaning groups/people?
What is the difference between social protest and national movements?
Why don’t youngsters consider politics to be their profession in future?
What is a regime change?
If North Korean freedom rebels overthrow Kim Jong-un, what will the negotiations between the US and South Korea consist of? Will 2 Koreas have a visit?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
Why are people in Latin America so much more political than gringos?
Are liberal progressives and their thralls in the press mounting a high-tech coup d’etat to overthrow the US Constitution?
Is the political strategy & communication of the Libertarian Party holding it back from electoral success? How should it be changed?
Why is Mongolia, which once ruled most of Asia, neglected today by the world?
What do people think about Macron’s new government after he unveiled the list of ministers?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
Who is your favourite politician?
How much "political capital" does Trump have as of May 19, 2017?
Is it usual for a social liberal to have very conservative views on some social issues?
What are the most important political philosophical problems?
Is WikiLeaks politically biased?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
What are the causes behind political bosses at centre always giving Bihar a step-motherly treatment?
Is banning Taiwan from joining the World Health Assembly correct? Should other world leaders be responsible for this result?
What's the difference between the criminalization of politics and the politicization of criminals?
What would be the political and moral arguments of denying non-profitable state's senators voting rights in the US states?
How would you respond to a Dwayne Johnson presidency, if he actually won in the 2020 elections?
How do you think political discourse could be improved on Quora?
As a liberal, how can I have a political discussion with a conservative without getting tricked into agreeing with them?
How dangerous is it to talk about politics in Russia, especially for critics of the Putin government?
How authoritarian is the American government?
What does it take to enter and be competent in politics?
Do most flat Earthers share any particular political ideology?
Why does the media not acknowledge that Russia has been trying to subvert American politics since the FDR administration?
Why do socialists believe socialism works?
Have politicians always been power hungry?
Is it really democracy for California to never vote Republicans for decades of presidential elections?
Why has the Congress party been rooted out throughout the country?
How much dependency on speechwriters would give you the view that a politician is dishonest?
Why do we vote by district?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
How can Singapore fend off political Islam?
Which political point of view has killed the most people in history, besides survival?
How relevant is Marxism today in understanding the world we are living in today?
Who would win in an election where the major candidates are Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, Evan McMullin, and Michael Bloomberg?
What is Shah Waliullah’s ideology?
Why is almost every country controlled by old greedy men?
What are your 2017 election predictions?
What are great sources, apart from the news, to increase my knowledge on world politics?
Why is the 2017 French election considered to be historic and most unusual in many decades?
Why are so many people so thankless for everything Trump has done for our country?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
How do I increase my knowledge of economic affairs and political affairs?
If Macron was British, what party would he be a member of?
Why does no one get punished for the scams and corruption the BJP leaders talk about during their poll promises?
Did Boris Yeltsin undermine the ideals of the Russian democracy?
What would have happened if Molotov et al. were not purged by Khruschev?
What is the political/cause/activist side to the Maker community paying attention to?
How is the president of the USA elected?
Do Democrats have any logical arguments as to why it might not be the time for the US to embrace right-wing fascism?
Are the local elections an accurate picture of the 2017 UK General Election?
Why do dictators as a rule pass power to a relative?
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
What do political terms like left, right, socialists and communalism mean?
Are the White House leaks necessary or criminal?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
Can we Quorans agree that the proper term for the left is "progressives" since they are for the opposite of liberalism?
Should the BJP abrogate Article 370 if they get a majority in both houses of Parliament?
In what ways can contributing to a political campaign help you personally?
By what year can we expect an openly declared atheist to be elected as President of the USA?
Is Congress likely to pass Trump's infrastructure spending plan?
Why does the far-right hate Islamic fundamentalists when they have so much in common ideologically?
Has the House ever voted on a bill before it was scored by the CBO?
What written publication is the best for concisely summarizing international and domestic politics?
Why does Tehran produce so many conservative mayors?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
Should people in Venezuela get violent and threaten execution for President Maduro?
Are the UK's sick pay laws good compared to Europe?
Why do so many people not even try to learn more about the world, its history, politics, etc.?
Has an IITian ever been praised by any politician or star?
Which of ideologies and systems of fascism/nazism and Soviet communism posed the greater threat to liberal democracy in the twentieth century? Why?
How can communism lead to a totalitarian regime?
What do you think about Rajinikanth entering politics?
Has the power of the state declined?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
What is the intellectual level of political leaders nowadays?
Why do leftists celebrate the demographic destruction of whites?
Is China an example of a one-party system?
What is the major impact of Republic TV on Indian politics?
Which party will win the upcoming Vidhan Sabha elections in Karnataka?
Why should everyone care about money in politics?
Why do these Indian politicians hate their own country in the name of politics?
Why does Iran have negative feelings for Pakistan?
Will either voters or the top 1% care if a presidential nominee has a bachelor’s degree from an online school or extension university?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
Can a government servant join a political party?
How does our two party system work to protect our liberty?
Are there any politicians who hold a resemblance to Theodore Roosevelt?
What did your political party stand for in the past, which it doesn't now?
Is there a correlation between the anti-vaccination movement and political ideology?
In the next Lok Sabha election, which party will win in West Bengal?
What is a list of some of the popular incorrect ideas in politics and the economy? What is a brief explanation of why they are wrong?
What is some detailed information about communism, capitalism, fascism, and socialism with their distinctive features?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
Did Putin miscalculate that interfering in the US Election would bring such strong anti-Russian sentiment?
What's your opinion about Macron being elected as the next French president?
Should men be allowed to vote?
Why are you voting Conservative in GE17?
Do you think proponents of "Ban The Box" support the idea for political reasons, or because of a misunderstanding of its actual impact?
How do I solve my political dilemma?
Has the Indian parliament ever impeached a chief minister or prime minister for obstruction of justice?
Is MSNBC owned by the DNC, spending all morning on the Russia investigation when Manchester just happened?
Why isn't everyone a libertarian rationalist?
Does Baijayant Jay Panda think that politics is more about bashing the opponent than self retrospection?
In today's scenario, who is more ethical, politicians or prostitutes?
What should the political strategy be?
How would you describe communism in a nutshell (summarize main concepts)?
What role did Bhindranwale play in the winning of the Congress Party in the election of 1980?
What is you best definition of politics?
If the US tries to invade India, will China help India?
Did the 1953 coup in Iran indirectly cause the 1979 revolution?
What are the basic differences between left and right politics?
Can an ex-Minister, who has left politics, contest for the post of a judge (at any level)?
How can the rise of the right wing be tackled all over the world?
Do conservative answerers block more or less frequently than progressive answerers?
Was the Stalin regime really communism, or was it a dictatorship?
What happened to communism?
Which contemporary potilical theorists are recommended regarding political participation in unconventional terms?
Is threatening to start a nuclear war as an attempt to improve one’s approval ratings near 100 days in office an impeachable offense?
Is the word 'master bedroom' an outdated, not politically correct term?
What do you know about Sunil Mishra, the political strategist?
Why are yogis becoming politicians in India?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
What's the closest term to 'Capital Communism' in political ideologies?
What is the basic definition of socialism and capitalism and what are the differences between them?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
If you had your way, whom would you choose as the President/Prime Minister of your country?
Is fascism similar to mercantilism?
What is Irish democracy?
Can the positions of President and Primer Minister of India be headed by the same person at the same time?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
Which is the most powerful country till now?
How do you define and operationalize political freedom?
Can I get asylum in Italy being a political party member?
Who is Saurabh Bhardwaj?
Will the all-party meeting between the Election Commission and the political parties on May 12 resolve the controversy regarding the EVMs?
Why do you oppose the legalisation of cannabis?
Who are some of the best politicians India had?
Is Andrés Manuel López Obrador a popular Mexican political figure?
What is “left-wing”?
Should private business owners be able to choose whom they serve? Should antidiscrimination laws be done away with?
Do libertarians tend to be people fortunate/privileged enough that “big government” really is their biggest obstacle to further wealth/power?
why do celebrities join politics?
What would happen if Russia and India shared a border?
What are some interesting statistics about political ideologies?
Are Republicans and conservatives in America more individualist and Democrats and liberals more statist, or vice versa?
Why didn't Trump treat the Chinese president with a Big Mac as he promised?
Will a former president receive secret service protection in jail?
What are some easy social experiments that show that democracy doesn't work?
Are there any examples of societies getting more conservative?
Why did President Trump receive only Saudi Arabia's greatest honor but not a Nobel Prize? What more can he do to win a Nobel Prize as well?
What is a democratic republic government?
Why do our Indian politicians are expecting VIP treatment unlike their counter part in Western countries?
How do I get a paperback copy of the labour manifesto?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
Can a communist country have a market economy?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
Why is the "establishment" so hated Western politics?
What should I do to understand the politics around the world?
Is India a liberal state or a successful democracy?
Who said "politics is the art of the possible"?
Why are Liberal Democrat leaders so distinct from other political party leaders in the way they speak etc?
How can I become a politician without having a political background?
Do you find any flaws in the democratic system of India?
Will the backlash against political correctness get stronger in Australian politics? They are already considering watering down the anti-racism laws.
Who is the most fashion-forward politician of all time?
If you were running for president, what would the opposite party say about you?
To what extent do illiberal political institutions hinder new science?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
Is Lalu Prasad Yadav involved in the benami land deal case?
Would it be possible and legal to require the entire population of a country to do DNA sequencing and put the results in their ID?
How many people didn't vote in last year’s election?
Who supports mandatory voting?
Why are Dalits so marginalised in Maharashtra politics, despite their large numbers and the Ambedkarite movement?
What countries would be better off if they united into a larger state?
Have you ever got humiliated by a political party's member for your religion?
What does the mayor of London do besides taking selfies and neglecting the crime rate in the city?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
Who owns "Ofcom" and is it free from the government influences?
What are the diffrences between passive and agressive secularism?
How is it possible that Naxals continue to be active, without local politicians being 'hands in gloves' for votes?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Why are there no term limits or age requirements for politicians?
Does Modi have international influence and can he alter international politics?
What is the difference between bureaucracy and politics?
How do I go about Australian politics if I want to become a politician? What should I do?
Are there any apps that help teens with forming political opinions?
I'm 10+2 now, what do I do to become a politician?
What's the chance that a non-religious, unmarried woman with a high IQ undergoing college at a prestigious institution leans politically to the right?
What is the role of a union state minister? Why does it exist?
Why do Liberals ignore social/labour policies?
Do political leaders have close friends?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
Who is India’s most powerful person?
What is the current situation of Indian politics? How will it progress in the future?
Are the any rationalist political movements that eschew all dogmas and look at each social problem on its own merits?
In the UK, is it impossible for a political party to win power without the support of right leaning newspapers such as Mail, Sun and Express?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
How many times in American history has the electoral college beat the popular vote?
If the USA were to hypothetically split into various new nations, what would be some likely new nations resulting from the split?
What are the biggest actions and inactions that cost heavy for a nation?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
Why are people saying communism doesn't work, when it basically hasn't been tried before?
If Hindutva right wing groups had the arms, territory and power, would they be equivalent to ISIS?
Why do political parties need funding in countries like the US and the UK?
Why is everyone considering fascism far-right, when it's clearly not for capitalism?
Why do Americans have to interfere with other countries' local disagreements all the time? Why don't they mind their own business?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
How bad will the Democratic Party look and suffer if their Russia hunt comes up empty?
What do you think about Aung San Suu Kyi after one year in charge of Myanmar?
Why do so many different people/ideologies use the term "socialism"?
Why do conservative Republicans call anyone who does not agree with them liberals?
How many seats will labour lose?
How does philosophical pragmatism relate to political liberalism?
Why can't society just decide not to automate any more jobs, to save jobs?
Why is public funding for the arts rarely a substantive issue in American politics?
What political leader said, “A house divided against itself cannot stand'?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
Why is the actor Rajinikanth willing to enter politics in his old age?
Why are Democrats so careful to say Nazi and not National Socialist? It is a strange obsession.
Why are the British discussing voting tactics on Quora instead of debating politics and policies? Have they lost faith in their democratic process?
What are some model aftermath results of countries that underwent regime change caused by external powers?
Why is France so left wing?
How does the media affect the distribution of political power?
Are people repenting in Tamil Nadu for electing AIADMK for a second term?
Should the state be able to force someone to pay for someone else's healthcare?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
Does anything in the U.S. Constitution address preventing the conflict of interest of politicians reliant on rich donors with vested interests?
What is the difference between communism and the Democratic party platform?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
When someone, especially a politician, says that America is a center-right country, what definition of center are they using?
Is Russia going to start WW3, considering the bad relations it has with the U.S. and NATO?
Are there organizations or enterprises dedicated to trying to forecast the economy, politics and society of the US?
Is Macron's victory a decisive turn of fortunes for the far-right in Europe?
Would you ever consider a sado-masochistic relationship or role-play involving power exchange based on political beliefs?
Which is better, a monarchy or a republic?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Who is the most huggable world leader in 2017?
Is it illegal for a radio host or political pundit to call out for the murder or massacre of a politician?
What is the correct balance between liberty and equality to guarantee democracy?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
What is post-truth politics? Is it post-truth politics in India now?
Do some people pay other people to vote for a person of their choice in an election?
Why are bank or interest loans illegal?
All BJP and Congress supporter know that both are filled with corrupted people, but they follow them blindly after knowing this. Why?
Who should I support in Indian politics?
How did the anti-government protests of 2015/16 affect Ethiopian politics?
Is Israel a model democracy?
I feel like people give more value to their political parties than to society in general. Does this happen anywhere else?
What can the Indian liberals learn from the Indian right wing?
How many mistakes does a party in a civil case make for the opposing party to say it is absurd?
What should local government do?
Are Puerto Ricans capable of self-governance?
What's the process for voting in a French embassy/consulate abroad like?
How do I prepare for a continuous crisis committee (e.g. Chinese political bureau)?
How have national legislators resigned prior to the end of their terms, for nondisciplinary or election reasons?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
Is crime rate a criteria to evaluate the political party that’s ruling the states?
Who protects the Prime Minister of Singapore?
Why are Canadian politicians generally less educated?
How do you handle the distress from arguing about politics or religion?
Is there any leader who served 20 years or more by winning democratic elections?
Is somebody who favors a strong governmental safety net but is also highly nativist, left-wing or right-wing?
How will the backlash against Trump affect the political direction of the country over the next decade?
What happens and who becomes president if the vice president dies?
If Obama were president again, what things could he be doing better (due to his experience)?
Why is everyone offended by everything and feel the need to bash people to "defend" their own views?
What is the most straightforward statement that triggers liberals?
In your opinion, who was the most left/right wing US president?
Why is Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy so popular despite his lesser experience in politics ?
Do Russian/Israeli politicians do minority appeasement to get votes like Indian politicians?
Did Shiv Sena crush communists in Mumbai? Why and how?
Who is or was the youngest democratically elected cabinet minister in the world?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
Do people forget that it was mainly Labour politicians that helped to bring in the welfare state and not one flaming Tory politician?
What are some pictures that show the true character of the P.M., Mr. Narendra Modi?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
How did Richard Armitage become an influential politician?
What is the importance of statistics in politics?
Who is the first Chief Minister of Telangana?
Why is Texas seen as the face of conservatism?
How likely is unification between North Korea and South Korea in the far future?
Are there any studies on how political/ideological biases affect economic activity by investors? How does this ultimately shape politics?
In the U.S. how successful are authoritarian politicians?
China is investing billions of dollars in Pakistan, but is it worth with the rising extremism in Pakistan?
Have you ever met some swami or a powerful leader?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
How do UK atheists view the monarchy?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
What are some similarities between Tayyip Erdogan and Julius Caesar?
What are some plausible reasons why constitution-drafters would allow secret-ballot-voting for electing a state president, but not for voting one out?
What is the Council of Ministers?
Should actors or actresses join politics?
In being a state’s leader, is power really everything? Political power or wealth power?
How significant are political views when determining compatibility in a potential relationship?
Which country's leader, if assassinated right now, would directly cause the most chaos in the world?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
How did the British rule the world?
Are we facing an oil shortage in 2020?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Who is the next CM of Rajasthan?
Why does the Constitution of India give pardoning power to the President and what does that mean?
Do you think Quorans have become way too left-wing lately?
Are there any countries with democracies that are getting stronger?
What is it like running a country?
Could a directly democratic country work?
If you say that Modi’s government is doing its work properly, then why isn’t it completing its promise to the young voters?
Are you afraid of what may potentially happen to the United States and the world under the tenure of Donald Trump, and why?
Would you fight for your country if it were a monarchy?
Is it right that MLAs and MPs pass a bill in the Assembly in order to draw a huge amount in terms of salary perks and pensions?
If the Ganasanghs, such as Shakya/Koli, had become the dominant power instead of the Magadha in ancient India, how would the history have been changed?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
If the national average IQ dropped significantly, would it impact the effectiveness of the democratic voting system?
What is the distinction between politicians and IAS officials in the administration?
Why are two major problems in America hunger yet also obesity? How do we help fight hunger?
Who is the most cruel Hindu ruler of all times?
What is the European Union's stance on transhumanism?
What is the difference between the adjournment and suspension of the House of Parliament?
Why do liberals hate Russia because it gave up on communism?
Why hasn't Trump lifted the sanctions on Russia?
What is the impact of social media in politics?
Why do we rely on polls and statistics when only around 1000 people are sampled?
What is ULB and PRI voters?
Why does people in USA seems to think the next French president, Macron is a left-wing when he is in fact very very right wing?
Why are IAS officers frustrated by the current political system?
What are conservatives trying to prove by asserting that Nazism was leftist?
Do citizens have a moral duty to vote?
Why do cultural Marxists say that cultural Marxism doesn’t exist?
With so much politics in everything, how do Americans get anything even done?
Which country is the most conservative one, and which is the most liberal one, in terms of government and people separately?
Who was the first prime minister (women) in the world?
How should US respond to the political turmoil in Venezuela at the OAS?
What is the difference between a congressman and a governor?
Why can't we get the same healthcare as our politicians?
Why doesn't the left wing let the right wing do its thing with policies to see if they actually do improve things?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Are you worried about the lack of opposition in Indian politics after the downfall of Congress?
Should postgraduation be made compulsory to fight the election of a member of the legislative assembly and a member of Parliament?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
When was "Devnagari" replaced by "Hindi"? What was the political motive behind this change? Was it successful?
Why are liberals aligning themselves with the issues of the oppressed as a lever to push forward postmodern Neo-Marxism?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Are any of today's controversial politicians so unpopular that their own country might not allow them to be buried on their soil upon death?
Did communism/socialism work in East Germany?
What solutions should be applied for the corrupted countries?
How can you be so certain that your political views are right?
Who are the worst presidents in world history ?
How does neocolonialsm work?
Why do people continue to misuse the term communism and don't try to educate themselves on it?
Do Americans accept a diversity in political systems?
Is the GOP fracturing?
Is job breadth more important than job depth in motivating workers?
Is there a ring of truth to the conservative claim that liberals are being unscientific in claiming race/gender is socially constructed?
How would you teach Trump in Political Theory or a course about Conservatism?
If President Trump were to illegally delete conversations he had previously taped, how would the public ever even find out?
What would happen if Indian nations were grantsd sovereignty?
What is individual sovereignty?
What is the most under reported political scandal of the last 100 years?
Is Britain a monarchy or a democracy?
Why is the United States so concerned with other nuclear programs? If nuclear weapons are so awful, then why does the United States have them?
I know there is a national socialist movement, is there some sort of national capitalist movement?
Is voting for independents in the upcoming Senate and House elections a good idea to end partisanship in Congress?
What steps did the PRI take in Mexico to win elections?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
What can be done to prevent politics from bringing out the worst in people?
Why are there so many right wing pro BJP people on Quora?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
Is the reason there are more liberals than conservatives because educated right-wingers lean libertarian?
Is it true that Putin amassed a huge amount of wealth during his political career? What will happen to it after his death?
What is political religion?
Can a political union of more than one country recognize another country as its head?
How can politics get beyond the red versus blue, left versus right arguments to consider social and community benefit and fairness?
Are Section 527 political organizations subject to rules about private inurement?
If a war erupts between the US and allies and North Korea, what would be the better option to deal with a "defeated" North Korea?
Would a TV series that has conservative instead of liberal bias be watchable?
What do conservatives think about liberals going crazy from identity politics to recent Russian conspiracy theories?
Why were the Brazilian Integralists (fascists) pro-union if they were anti communist?
Do opposition parties create violence in J&K, UP where the BJP government rules and opposition parties have violent nature leaders there?
If a POTUS campaign was found to have used unlawful means, would that disqualify the Vice President as a successor to the impeached President?
What province voted for who in the Iranian election?
What countries had a totalitarianism system before WW1?
How would you sum up the communist government?
If there were an impeachment, could it be multiple (president, VP, Sec. of State, etc.)?
Why CEOs like Steve, Mark, Sundar, Satya Nadella walk on stage while they are presenting something? Why don't any politician do this?
Is it too early for Sunita Kejriwal to foray in politics?
What are state general elections?
Why is Mexico's GDP now larger than that of Russia's? Are the sanctions against Russia beginning to take its toll?
How does the protection of the US President compare to that of the Queen of United Kingdom? Or the Prime Minister?
Is Labour gaining vote share in the right constituencies?
You wake up as the leader of your country. What will you do?
Is there any website that compiles the list of major headlines on similar topics from news organizations across political spectrum?
How is Canada only on its 23rd prime minister when America has had 45 presidents?
What would happen if people in Singapore started to lean towards other political parties other than the PAP? (PAP has always had the majority vote. )
Who are the dictators, albeit infamous, that contributed to their country in any positive way?
How do you start a political organization in your hometown?
What are some political systems except authoritarian and democratic types that are worth a try?
Why do liberals earn a bad rep lately?
How do politically strong people survive in a company than technically stronger persons?
Why do some politicians criticize Rajinikanth?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Why do most oil producing countries have a bad goverment?
Why can’t politicians be responsible for false promises during an election?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
Is Texas a conservative utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more conservative?
What is the best way to explain the difference between scientific consensus and science by democracy?
How did democracy come to be?
Was UKIP just a conservative splinter group, and is it now time for it to go?
What is the exit poll of Iran's recent election?
How can Americans retaliate against Russian for hacking of political races?
Who are some notable politicians who left Socialist Party and joined En Marche?
Why would someone want to be a Democrat?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
What are the differences between the American left and right wing and the European left and right wing politics?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
Who is more powerful, a president or a prime minister?
What are some examples of propaganda devices in politics?
Why is the youth of India crazy about PM Modi while there is a rise in unemployment during his tenure?
Has the Green Party of England and Wales always been left wing?
How can we meet Narendra Modi?
What is the political condition of Tamil Nadu now?
Is there any constitutional obstacle to abolishing Article 370 when the ruling government has 2/3 majority in both houses of Parliament?
How do libertarians and conservatives square the fact that communist China has been so successful at capitalism?
What was the political system created for protection?
What is some good information to have about both Maltese political parties before the election?
Is the political and social situation in Israel similar to what it was in Rhodesia?
In academic studies of history, are radical positions becoming less prevalent?
What is the most burning political issue in India presently?
Why don't more people support world government?
What is it like to be a career politician?
Why do Western conservatives push liberalism and feminism on Iran, and yet push and want traditionalism and conservatism for their own people?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
Why have all the communist regimes in history been fascist and destructive to the economy?
Is reservation in education regressive to the development of a country?
Are there (quite apart from the question of formal legality) any similarities between tipping, bribery, and political lobbying business practices?
Is it a mistake for the United States to trust a communist country like Vietnam?
Why do people use the words democratic socialism to mean social democracy? Are they synonyms or are they different things?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
How odd is the chance for a Muslim Malay politician to be elected as the next Singapore PM or President?
How would Iranians be able to get rid of their dictatorial Ayatollah regime?
Will the present political scenario take the Tamil Nadu economy down?
Is the criteria of “adult” based on brain development, culture or politics?
Should politicians be drug tested?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
If you would be a president, which country will you choose?
Is Los Angeles a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Aren't the international relations theories constructivism and Marxism both direct descendants of philosophical idealism?
What is required to become a diplomat?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
How can a candidate, like Emmanuel Macron of France, run a government after winning as an independent without any political party involvement?
Why should I study political science?
How many female presidents or prime ministers or chancellors are there currently?
How is popular participation a product of political orientation?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
In Federal court, does a party responding to a "make a complete list of…" interrogatory have to a) explicitly state if the list given is incomplete or b) simply list what the party knows without stating that it is incomplete?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
How would you appraise your current government?
Was James Comey committing perjury in his May 3rd testimony or is he lying now?
How does the government’s spectrum auction work?
How much longer will the anti-establishment political scenario last until we go back to globalization?
Do you think Trump has actually bugged the White House?
Do libertarian socialists see enterprising nonprofits dominating the market all by worker and consumer free will and free choice as the best scenario?
If Congress voted to make the Vice President as Acting President pursuant to the 25th Amendment, how could the President be later reinstated?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
What are some online advocacy tools where I can monitor specific bills at the federal level?
Has media exposure of social scandals helped the nation grow?
Will socialism return in France after the elevation of socialist leader Marcon as President?
What happens to local campaign donations when your candidate loses?
Do parliamentary systems tend to lead to party rule rather than legislative governance?
What will happen, if in an election 40% of people selected NOTA out of the 65% voting?
What's your opinion on Villani's application at the French legislative elections?
Will a libertarian ever become president?
The US Constitution is based on the doctrine of the separation of powers. How does this doctrine keep the three branches of govt. separate?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
When did being "anti-Israel/anti-Zionist" became a leftist stand and why?
Can India play a key role in world politics in the near future, through diplomacy or an economic rise?
Considering the political impact of Senate rules, such as the filibuster rule, should such rules be set in stone via a constitutional amendment?
If healthcare in the USA could be overhauled from scratch, how would you fix it?
Are there political parties among communists, or all they all pretty close to the same?
What is meant by right-wing politics?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
Why does the West want to destroy Russia?
What is it like for psycopaths to watch election campaigns? (in whatever country)
Why does no party work for generals?
What are the challenges to the modern state system?
Why did Portugal become a republic if almost all the people were pro-monarchy?
Will you support the imposing age limit and educational qualifications for politicians?
Is there one politician in this country who has never been defeated during his political career and commanded great respect?
What is the lifecycle of totalitarian regimes?
Do you know someone who is intelligent but acts like a fool? Why do they do that?
How many members of the Trump Administration would it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the most practical solution to identity politics?
How does one convert a communist populace to capitalist populace?
How is libertarian socialism supposed to work?
How do past US presidents stack up with Canadian prime ministers?
How can a country maintain a stable political system?
How does a bill become a law if the bill was vetoed by the president?
For somebody deeply rooted in capitalism, what are the areas and how can he learn to appreciate the beauty of communism or socialism?
What do former Canadian prime ministers do?
How do liberals rationalise being both anti-capitalist and pro-immigration?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
What is the difference between an Indian and a national?
Do legislators have to attend every session of the legislature?
How do China and Singapore’s political systems resemble and differ?
Who is the most handsome politician today in 2017?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Assuming the mass public being the underlying driving factor of today's political polarization, what are the possible negative consequences?
Is Communism in India real?
In the UK general elections, what determines which candidates appear on ballot papers?
How do I exercise my 'right against bundh called by a political party or organization'?
When a sitting UK MP switches parties, what happens to the person already locally selected to be the candidate for the party in that constituency?
Are 'volunteer' libertarians who are not being paid by libertarian organizations to write, advocate, etc. suckers?
What do you think of Arnab's expose on Lalu Prasad Yadav?
What is a unitary political system?
Why are governments not keeping track of their citizens abroad to check the ISIS menace?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
As an individual, how would you feel if you were called up to war given the world's current crises?
Is America still safe for democracy?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
Are there any countries that are an anarchy to this day?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
What are the types of communism?
What are the qualities to be maintained to become a politician?
What is the definition of "national identity" from scholars' papers? Please provide the specific quotation of the definition.
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
Who do you think should be the next prime minister, and why?
The President just said "In America, we don't worship government; we worship God". Should he be portraying all Americans that way?
What is bad about democracy?
How many elected presidents in the world became dictators?
Who contributed more to the development of India, right-wingers a.k.a. conservatives, or left-wingers a.k.a. liberals?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Did a significant amount of people also disbelieve the facts of watergate?
What are Emmanuel Macron's chances of fulfilling his campaign pledges?
Is Robert Puckett a Democrat?
Why do people think that a nation can surrender its sovereignty through inferential, vs. express, statements of such intent?
How do governments rob people?
How do Maithils and other Biharis react to the political renaming of Mithila/ideh to 'Madhesh' in Nepal, which is historically misleading?
Which political books and ideas have had the most influence on you?
What would happen if all politicians disappeared?
Why is MN so liberal?
Why is the liberalism moving in the US?
Why is Russia supporting leaders with nationalism agenda?
Who hacked Macron's emails?
What happens in TN politics if Rajinikanth decide to start a new party and venture into politics?
Is the US Congress better than the Canadian Parliament or the British Parliament?
Does the ruling party have any role in the Election Commission, like appointments, etc.?
What would it take for you to seriously consider a US politician on the opposite side?
What are the ideologies of the various French political parties? Who are centre left and centre right, etc.?
I'm neither a Liberal, nor a Conservative, so what am I?
How many vice presidents are there?
Does a potential POTUS have to undergo a medical examination to determine if he/she is physically/mentally competent for the job?
In contrast to the Kremlin, is China buying international friends with money?
Could the relentless impugning of the Russians and accusing Russians of fiendish actions, by US political parties, start WWIII?
What do Australians think about the attacks on mosques in Australia?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Where can I find polls showing what country Democrats feel they are loyal to?
What is the “permanent political class”?
With Emmanual Macron winning elections in France, is it safe to assume that the "Right Wing" wave will subside soon?
Which state gives 4 prime minister?
What kind of judge can override the president?
How likely is it that these recent tensions between the US and North Korea will die down again like the other points tension these last couple years?
What are the problems of political obligation?
Are Germany and Sweden destroyed?
How is political correctness related to feminism?
What is the main reason that members of the RJD threw stones and were violent on the road? Was this suitable for such a ruling national party of the state?
Are the Amma canteens in Tamil Nadu and the proposed Annapurna canteens in UP, a sign of good governance?
Has Bill Maher ever insulted someone to their face on his show the way he did to Brian in Family Guy?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
What is the goal of politics, the pursuit of an ideal or finding common ground and reaching a reasonable consensus?
What can a society do to prevent the rise of populism?
Which party will win the 2019 parliament election?
Should the European Parliament get legislative powers?
What are the relationships like between the UN's veto-holding country leaders, but also Germany?
How do I deal with the fact that everywhere I go, there are politics? There are office politics mainly. What are they, & how does one get the hang of them or become good at them?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
What is the US’s response to Soviet hacking incursions into the elections of various Western democracies?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
What does it mean if someone participate in a election? Why people vote or don't vote?
How much time does it take for people to realize how bad and corrupt-minded a politician is?
What are we lacking in political system these days?
Is there any data proving that the political right is rising world-wide?
Is there any intelligence even the president of a country (pick one) can't know?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
How did Yogi Adityanath become CM, as he is an MP and not an MLA?
What if there was no government?
What is your opinion on Bill C16 that was just passed in Canada?
Isn't the idea of a nation in itself flawed?
In regard to power, who is more powerful in his country, the US President or the Chinese President?
How do I find a neta (a politician) online?
How would one briefly describe the present Indian political landscape?
Can we stop a political populist consensus based on fallacious statements?
Why are Republicans so despicable?
What makes the ideologies of communism and nazism so dangerous?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Could the UK's Trident nuclear deterrence system be renewed in a less expensive way, such as with land-based ICBMs?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
Globally, people hate their politicians (baring a few). Why don't we have an alternative by now?
How should a representative relate to his constituents?
What is currently going on in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha?
Will you vote TMCP again, & why?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
To what extent was the Gough Whitlam dismissal influenced by the CIA?
Are first world countries other than the US more civil in political matters?
Why do we still label China as a Communist nation, while most of its values have greatly strayed from communism?
How would the Middle East respond to a woman president?
Why did Rep. Rod Blum have those kids with him in the interview he walked out of?
Is Liberalism a religion?
Is it really that hard to understand that Liberals are patriotic?
Would it be a good idea if Indian MPs and MLAs conducted townhalls in their constituencies?
Who would you approach to get a first start in politics in Australia?
How do Justice Democrats plan to defeat the Democratic Party hacks who prop up its leaders for personal gain?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
Why do Americans love capitalism?
Are there any businesses that support the Green Party?
What is the difference between the rule of law and the rule of man?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
Can a political party manipulate India’s EVM?
Where does the Kim Dynasty get its inspiration from on how to run a totalitarian dictatorship?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
What are the main foreign policy principles of Russia?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
What is the role and impact of the media on contemporary politics?
If our Prime Minister, Mr. Narendra Modi, bans the reservation system, how will society react?
Is democracy sustainable?
Why is the two-party system stronger in the US than in the UK or Canada?
How would world politics change if a mile-wide asteroid strikes Moscow along with all the key Russian politicians?
What is the role of media in uncovering the corrupt powerful politicians?
Where is direct democracy possible?
What are the liberal and conservative views on affirmative action and the economy?
Why was Akbaruddin Owaisi, the worst politician in India, never assassinated by intelligence agencies like the RAW or the NIA?
Are anarchists advocates of federalism or confederalism?
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
What would happen if a state like California decided to leave the Union?
Why is it never liberals' fault that they lose an election?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
What is the left wing?
In the case of non-compliance of award by one party, what is the remedy available to the other party?
Are there any political reasons allowing more allowances allotted to SC/ST?
What are the different kinds of Democrats?
What is the fate of Europe?
Is it fair to draw comparisons between the current political landscape in Washington and the years leading up to the collapse of the Roman Republic?
Partisan bias aside, which U.S. political party is truly the least racist?
Do the extreme left and right realise that their views are extreme, and that more moderate views are possibly more reasonable and correct?
What's the most noble thing done by an ideological opponent of yours that didn't involve their changing or challenging their ideology?
Since power attracts the worst, wouldn't it be better if MPs/MoC were chosen at random from among all people having at least a master's degree?
What would change if the Labour Party wins the election?
Which is more likely: a Christian president or prime minister in a Muslim country, or a Muslim president or prime minister in a Christian country?
Do you think the Democrats will nominate someone on the left in 2020?
In Australian voting, if at least two have the same amount of votes, which one is going to be terminated first?
Why did the Presidents of Turkmenistan rule with a dictatorial personality cult?
How is a filibuster used in congress?
In France, when a mayor is appointed minister, is he still the mayor of his city?
Is populism on the rise in Europe?
When parliament is dissolved, will there be a prime minister?
Comparatively, how important to becoming prosperous is access to occluded information from nation to nation?
Can the political questions on Quora be any more passive aggressive?
Are all politicians liars and unethical?
What if USA had a Prime Minister?
When the United States becomes heavily involved in a country, should that country have some fraction of a vote for U.S. leaders?
Do you see a striking similarity between Trump and Zuma of South Africa?
In your country's politics, which are more successful: liberal or conservative parties?
Can a retired governor be eligible for an MLA or MP in India?
The U.S. uses a two party voting system. Do you think a two party system is effective?
What are some of the dirty tricks used by politicians in elections?
What are the major political factors affecting international business?
What are the legislative powers of the president?
How can I juxtapose the difference between government and governance?
Why is Gorsuch's confirmation considered a win for Trump? With a GOP Senate, and McConnell changing rules, how could it have failed?
What exactly is Realpolitik?
Is it true that 'gangs' are just power-structures that emerge from people who are disenfranchised by mainstream politics?
In a parliamentary system, what is the function of a president? How is he/she different than the prime minister? And how is he/she chosen?
What types of anarchism exist?
Why do the Korean political parties keep changing names?
Who is the prime minister of Venezuela?
Are fascism and communism both derived from socialism?
What is the best way to describe politics?
Why are some political members and leaders corrupt?
What shall be the next best move to bring a drastic change in Tamilnadu politics?
What are some examples of international organisations causing nation states to act in a way that they wouldn't otherwise, if the international organisation didn't exist?
What would be the socio-political and economic consequences of technological advances and widespread automation of economies?
How did Russia go from being a secular, far-left dictatorship to a Christian, far-right dictatorship?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
What is a “mean politician”?
What would be the solutions for political instability?
Do riots result in social or political change?
How can you outperform in too much office politics?
In what way is the 2017 Conservative Manifesto left wing?
What is your view on Rajinikanth’s political entry?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Did MTV Rock the Vote make a measurable impact on voting?
Why did the Trump campaign opt for Mike Pence? What can we expect from him if he succeeds Trump as President?
Did people like Yogi Adityanath initially start cow politics only because all politics related to humans were already being managed by other ruling parties?
What are people in Germany hearing right now about the scandals in the Trump administration as of 5/18/2017?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
If Latin American countries were not a direct threat to the US, why were they invaded by the US during the Cold War?
Is political correctness a regressive social state?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
Who is the most powerful yet morally good political leader today? What impact have they had, and why are they who they are?
Has any political party benefited out of a particular surname as much as the Congress has from the "Gandhi" tag?
Most politicians are corrupt or with criminal backgrounds and are greedy for power. Why should bureaucrats who truly work for the country be controlled by them?
Why would someone be a conservative but not a libertarian?
What effect do you think the attack in Manchester (22nd May 2017) will have on the election results?
As a liberal, which Conservative politicians do you have the most respect for?
Why is social media considered good for politics?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
What percentage of people who identify with the ideals of the Libertarian party actually vote for one of the two major parties?
Can an MLA of a Dissolved State Assembly vote in India's President Election?
Why do the leftwing liberals always align themselves with the top 1% of the wealthiest people?
Is the Democratic Party actually Liberal?
If communism has to be on a global scale, how come anarcho-communism doesn't have to be?
Where are the electoral candidates at during the election day?
Is the Anti Powerpoint Party reasonable?
Is Rajnikanth planning to enter TN politics?
When will Mark Zuckerberg be running for political office, and which office will it be?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
Which political party is better than BJP?
Why is India not a one-party state?
Do the conservative party have a history of putting the country in debt?
What is the best reply to "Jaanta hai mera baap kaun hai"?
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
What are the true reasons for why people don't worry about politics?
Are taxpayers forced to support political parties and candidates whose views they do not share?
What is the main theme of international political economy?
Is Trump going to pull off the Nixon "I am not a crook" line, or are we already beyond that?
Why are Europe and other countries voting for either such odd or inexperienced political leaders? Is it disillusionment?
Is the European Union a federation or a confederation? How can one define its political set-up?
What are decentralized politics?
What are the main factors and reasons the alt-right and the left are currently rising in today's politics?
In the current social economic and political environment, which countries are likely to benefit the most?
What are Quora’s political inclinations?
What is good and bad about democracy happen in Mongolia?
Can double taxation be used to fight corruption in any nation? If yes, how?
What are the minimum votes required to become a member of the Rajya Sabah?
What would happen if the Indian President, Vice President, Prime Minister and Speaker all died at the same time?
Is a president of a country a manager?
Can you truly say Hillary Clinton, and her Washington elite, would be doing a better job?
Was the 1932 German federal election free and fair?
Who should I vote for in the general elections?
How is socialism in Scandinavian countries working? Why did that same socialism failed for Greece?
Why do other developed democracies (US, Canada, France) use ballot paper for voting instead of EVMs?
Which living US politician/public figure would make for the least divisive POTUS?
Which is worse, a military dictatorship, an absolute monarchy, or a theocracy?
Why do NGOs seem have good ideas for solving world problems than most governments?
Are there academic theories of power capable of explaining the actual dynamics of conspiracies?
Would a two-party system be better for the Philippines than the current multi-party system is?
Why do sites like Tech Insider attract so many right-wingers?
Why is the US becoming progressively a socialist-imperialist country?
Why doesn't Malia Obama go to a community college?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
How do I prepare for current affairs if I have less knowledge about current affairs?
How is liberal democracy an outgrowth of modernity?
We see a definite shift worldwide from globalization and liberalism to protectionism and nationalism. What are the reasons for this?
Will May's Britain be a one-party state, or a one-woman state?
How can an average person become a president?
Are there any pro-life Democrats?
What brought an end to the Brazilian military dictatorship?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
Why isn’t the US installing a friendly right-wing leader in Venezuela now, while the country's in turmoil?
How do I answer this type of questions in AIIMS 2017 ? "Country: President: : State: ? (A) Governor (B) Minister (C) Chief minister (D) Citizen"
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
What would happen if you refuse to address the President as "Mr. President"?
Regarding Tamil Nadu politics, what is the connection between Rajinikanth and P. Chidambaram?
What if every single world leader was right-wing?
What type of power does a Prime Minister or a President of any country has?
How can it be that some Americans vote for a radical leftist?
Why does the term international relations have a much wider meaning than international politics?
Why is it so hard to defend and so easy to attack in politics?
Is it acceptable in a democratic country like India that a fatwa be declared against someone?
Are there reports of politicians voting for their opponents?
What are the political and economic characteristics of a communist system?
Is the American presidency voting system a joke to the rest of the world?
Who elects the national and state political party president and secretary in India?
Which section can be used to dismiss the ruling party?
What happens if all the clean people from BJP (including Modi) and congress form a separate party?
What political views and policies would lead to the least problems?
What was the political cause of the uprising of 1857?
Is there something seriously wrong with the religion of Islam?
What is the present situation in Indian politics?
What is the difference between religion and a political doutrine?
What is the purpose of taking away a felon’s right to vote?
MH-17 Tribunal what is that from your point of view? A political farce or something I should learn about law? Besides, I know the public attitude here, in Russia, so I look forward to see what you guys think.
Why are new Cabinet Secretaries appointed after a President is Reelected?
What do the people wish from our politicians?
Is the Satanic Temple a political organization?
Who was the best chief minister of Tamil Nadu? Why?
What is an autocratic society?
Are there any statistics available on forecasting failures?
Does democracy breed weak and ineffectual leaders?
What are the difficulties people face in a non-democratic democratic country?
My "secular" London state school allows Muslim students to pray, but provides seperate rooms for boys and girls. Is this endorsing Islamic sexism?
What do mainland Europeans think of the UK?
Considering that mostly Democrats commit gun violence in the US (98 percent), will gun control laws give them easier targets to shoot at?
What are some political ideas very few people know about?
Who do you think is a worthy presidential candidate for the forthcoming elections?
What are the arguments for monarchy?
What is the analysis for political poles according to the theory of realism, liberalism, English school, critical theory and constructivism?
Why do some red states have Democratic governors and blue states Republican?
Is there a better way of teaching maths than exclusion?
Why is it hard for politicians (who had no previous job experience before politics) to get a job after they leave office?
Are the modern Olympic games true to the stated mission, or have they become politicized?
Why has the EC gone silent on EVM Hackathon?
Isn't the redistribution of wealth the same as socialism? Is this the current policy direction of the Democratic Party in the U.S.?
Which political leader do you think will fill the void left by JJ in TN?
How did American companies gain a strong foothold all over the world?
Are Australia's interests that similar to US interests, or are Chinese commentators right to claim that US bases are "holding a gun to our head"?
Is national investigation agency of India good place to work? Is it free from any political influence?
What is anarchism, and what are its branches?
Do you think if actor Rajinikanth gets into TN politics next year, will he win the next state election and become CM?
Should non-citizens living in a particular country be allowed to vote in local elections?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
Why did Trump win but Le Pen lost?
Did countries prosper under fascism? My great grandfather was from fascist Italy and said it was a much better place than it is today.
Which political party would a business analyser working in London vote in the up-coming election and why?
How can we apply Machine Learning in Political Science/Politics?
What are the established facts of the Brazilian political crisis that has been ongoing since 2014, behind partisan narratives from all sides?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
What do you mean by dirty politics?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
How does globalization affect the international political economy?
Do you believe that liberalism and capitalism are fully compatible?
Is religious fanaticism in politics harmful for a democratic setup?
Did Trump deliver his speech in Saudi without a teleprompter?
Why do people vote for Lalu Prasad Yadav and his party?
"Optics" has suddenly become a popular political term. How did this just develop?
Why don't Democrats reach out to Republican voters, instead of talking about how they'll die off in a few years?
Which side of the political divide in Northern Ireland did more to bring communities together?
I own houses in 2 different states. Can I vote in the municipal and assembly elections of both the states?
Why is an independent election commission important?
How much will India benefit from Rouhani being re-elected as Iranian President?
Is Malaysia commonly seen by other countries as a corrupt country led by corrupt leaders?
Can lawmakers enact legislation for any purpose “in the public interest” or are they limited to those functions which delegate special powers?
What are some examples of political nationalism?
Which are the democratic countries having fundamental duties in their constitution?
Should Iran support Azerbaijan in the Karabakh conflict?
What happens if Rajnikanth joins politics?
What is the exact meaning of “Minister of State for Home affairs”?
Why are British Indians so powerful and wealthy?
Should the Philippines move to a federalist form of government and why?
How was the government formed?
When should you not vote in a democracy?
What are politics and values?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
What major events have happened in the U.S. since January?
How do we choose our president?
Has anyone gone on a political journey from one ideology to the next?
What is France’s type of government?
What would conservative Muslim opinions look like in US politics?
Why are most right wing populist leaders across the world similar at making hollow claims?
Do you try to understand the Turkish point of view when it comes to EU-Turkish relations?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
Does the 1st Amendment allow people to block highways peacefully?
Should religious beliefs have any part of politics?
Why is Saudi female empowerment led by women with wealth and means rather than middle/lower class women?
Who was the first deputy chief minister of Bihar, and what was his contribution to the Independence movement?
I really have linguistic abilities as well as good knowledge in political issues, how can I reach the channels and get interviews with them?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
Do we have a moral imperative to unconditionally observe certain fundamental human rights?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Will Rajnikanth be better off being a kingmaker in TN politics?
How do I protect myself against being fired for my political views?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
Someone I know once said that Japanese nationalism was basically communism. Is this accurate?
Why are Christians traditionally right-wing?
If a president dies mid-term, and the VP finishes off the rest of his/her term, does the VP get to run for president once or twice after that?
What is Political Obligations and what are it's theories from liberal perspective?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
What’s your expectation from the local election in Nepal?
How powerful is the Indian government?
Why can’t even one Republican stand up and admit that Kellyanne Conway makes absolutely no sense?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
If you get a chance to end the political career of 3 Indian politicians, who would they be?
Should world leaders consider morality in the conduct of international relationships?
Did the Iran Revolution in 1979 indirectly cause the Iran--Iraq War?
What happens when a country doesn't follow ICJ's judgement?
Is the term "liberal" outdated?
What would happen if Trump & Pence got impeached for corruption? Would Paul Ryan become President?
For people not in the US, has Trump made you pay attention to US politics in a way you didn't before?
Has there ever been a film which has caused protests, riots, violence, or tomatoes thrown at in cinemas?
Would the world be a better place without politics?
What would happen is all conservatives were persuaded to become liberal?
Will Milo's lawsuit of Simon and Schuster succeed?
Should Members of Parliament be given rewards when they pursue education during their tenure?
Why do particulate political party representative attend Arnab Goswamy kind of television debate to get trashed like this whatever the matter is?
Is there a foreign policy newspaper that is not left-wing? I would prefer either a conservative or a libertarian one.
Wasn't there a time when right wing people were suspicious of Russia?
Do you prefer communism or capitalism?
Why does nationalism have such a bad connotation?
How do you fight off the feeling that no matter what you do, nothing will change about American politics?
Is an education in law necessary for politicians?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Is it better for school board members to be elected or appointed?
Is the parliament system in politics based on the Socratic method or dialogue?
How do you picture 'Life' in a Perfect Utopian Society?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
If a politician can't get elected to the senate in their own state, do they move to another state and run there?
Should Yogiji be the next BJP candidate in 2024 after Modiji wins the elections in 2019?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
What would have been the economical and political landscape of today if oil had not been found in the Middle East?
Why do the Conservatives hate the poor?
Is liberalism hijacked from the inside?
How does the media control politics?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
Was Lenin a good example of how communism should work?
Is it possible to resolve Kashmir, Moism, and Naxalism if any Tamilian is the prime minister?
Why do you think academics are striving to become politicians & defeat political corruption instead of defeating the fraud and corruption in academia?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
Should leftists support Rojava?
Why are people on Quora so polite?
Why isn't the current political Zionism considered to be equivalent of a right-wing extremist ideologue?
How did ABVP become leader of Indian student politics?
What do Democrats think now of "Elections have consequences"?
How are countries like the UK and France able to have multiple political parties?
How did nationalism grow in Latin America?
What is your opinion on Saurabh Bhardwaj's EVM demo?
What is the comparison between parliamentary and presidential (executive) forms of government, with reference to India and the USA?
For history class, I have to give a speech. I have to take the side of Idi Amin, the Ugandan dictator. How should I approach this?
Why is politics said to be a dirty job?
If every being are univerally connected to one, why are we taught politics, by such learned people like Chanakya?
With the manipulation of the prosecutors' office in the Lezo case, should the Chief Fiscal Maza and the Anticorruption Fiscal Moix resign?
How should a 2016 accounting graduate break into public service/politics when most positions require a social sciences major?
What is the capitalist version of national socialism?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
What do you think it would be a good name for a new political party/movement in Europe?
Why is Lalu Yadav so successful in Bihar politics?
What makes authoritarianism and oppression of political opponents more dignified in Singapore than in Russia?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
How would you feel if you interfered with a foreign country's election and got away with it?
As a caring citizen who has no time to run for office, what can I do to resist Republicans' inhumane policies? I already vote & write my legislators.
Who is the most corrupt politician in Pakistan and why?
What is it like to hold nationalist and conservative views in a liberal university? What would happen if you speak your opinion?
What are the pros and cons of Estonia getting the first AI member of parliament?
Why did the Kochs offer millions to vote against ACA repeal? I'm so confused.
Why has socialism never worked?
Why don't people recognize that communism is contrary to human nature?
How can we get rid of the political parties with all the prejudices these entail?
In which direction is Iranian politics heading?
Should liberals be allowed to vote?
What is the difference between art and science of politics?
Can you imagine if Russian news media ever questioned Putin's popularity in polls, in the context of how Hitler's popularity did not equal legitimacy?
Is it an inalienable human right to be not smart?
“If even 1% of the population of a nation is radicalized, the future of the nation is uncertain.” Is Europe threatened by any religious invasion?
Does the political left stand for homogeneity or heterogeneity?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
Why is the West so politically correct?
What is the importance of the political ecology of health?
Could we be in for a surprise Democratic victory in the May 25th Montana house special election?
What are the characteristics of external sovereignty?
Why do people become socialists?
Quora is becoming a country. You must elect a cabinet in this virtual country. Which Quorans do you choose?
What is wrong with American politics?
What would happen if you assassinated an ex-president? Is there a difference politically between a current and former POTUS dying by your hand?
What psychological state allows the GOP to push their health care plan when they know it will inevitably hurt or kill many people?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
Am I the only one disgusted with US politics?
What is a one-party system?
Why weren’t the words socialist and sovereign added to the constitution earlier?
Who prefers and spends more on the provision of global public goods? Is it left- or right-wing parties?
How bad is the US at separating church and state?
If liberals want universal health care, then why did they pass Obamacare and not a universal health care bill under the Obama administration?
Why has the world suddenly become interested in stabilizing somalia after ignoring it for over 20 years?
Who is the current central foreign minister?
Is the way Putin's supporters denying Assad's crematorium the same as how many one time denied the Holocaust?
Is the term National Socialist offensive to use?
When was the last time politics did massive good for humanity?
What are the role of caste in Indian politics?
What is your opinion on the level of political knowledge among youth in India?
Can Rajinikanth become a good politician?
If you’re a political leader of India’s democratic party and you won, what would you do?
Can the use of propaganda be justified?
What do you think are the dumbest cliches in contemporary political discourse?
Has Ravish Kumar ever questioned Lalu Prasad Yadav?
What are the political challenges in the Philippines?
What are the obstacles of the libertarian movement, outside of the USA?
How are Italian political polls done?
Was Nazism derived from both fascism and socialism?
Should students have walked out on the Pence speech?
Has Canada ever abandoned liberalism?
Why would a non-rich person vote for a right-wing party? What benefit would they gain from it?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
How can scientists protest against corrupt officials?
What are the positive aspects of political system of Pakistan?
Is international/western intervention justifiable or necessary in the Arab World?
How long will 'nations' continue to exist? What could the next structure be?
Why don't politicians work for the very people who vote for them, knowing that if they deliver only 10-20% of what is needed, that people will vote for them again?
Do Democrats really hate Russia just because it quit on Communism?
Which is the best way to vote with an EV ballot?
Is the politics of 'spin' inevitable in the media age?
Is it right that politicians pass bills for assembly house wages and perks that are disproportional to their work input?
Why don't we see any politician talking about the end of reservations, including PM Modi?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
Is there election prediction software?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
Which political party did Rajinikanth support in the 90s?
Is the Chinese government challenging the notion that democracy is the best governing system?
Why can't there be a chief minister for India?
Why do so many poor people in the UK vote Tory when the party so blatantly favours the rich?
After his term, do you think Donald Trump will write a book? If so, what might it be called?
What is the key difference between cooperative and competitive federalism?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
Have there been any phases in history similar to the current political scenario?
What specific evidence or reasoning explains why a special counsel has been appointed to investigate Trump and collusion with the Russians?
What are examples of communist states?
Why is sharia law controversial?
For some African countries, like Zimbabwe, how do they end up in economical and political turmoil?
In a democracy, what can a far right party actually do?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Why can't we remove bigots who are leaders of a country?
Do the USA, in a completely genuine sense, need a president who is also a showman of sorts?
Does communism take away your freedom?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
When did the right wing become so enamored of cruelty?
How can the criminalization of politics be avoided?
It breaks my heart to see political leaders dividing my country for their own benefits. Isn't there any way to reunite people?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
Is it disingenuous to appear as a social justice liberal to one group and then a far-right conservative amongst another?
Do you feel hopeless when discussing politics?
What would happen if all the countries on Earth will be destroyed completely except one?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
What is a state religion?
Who is the present home minister?
Why does the largest democracy fail in occupied J&K?
Don't conservatives realize that liberals are not going away? Will not stop voting? Will not lose interest in the American process?
Why do conservatives post so much political ideology thinly disguised as questions?
What is the science in politics?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
Should private land and banks be illegal? If so, why?
Have Australian politics stabilized or will we see more prime ministers with shortened terms?
What has caused the rise of extremism in the world in recent time?
What do Scandinavians think of democratic socialism?
What is your expectation of Sri Lanka in the next 15 years politically, economically and socially?
Where is the Socialist Paradise?
What are the people in Venuezla protesting?
What is the best way to motivate and encourage the youth to understand and even get involved in politics?
How can I win an election as a short male?
Why didn't Jesus get involved in politics?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
Who could be the next opposing PM against Narendra Modi?
Are there any countries which successfully made a transition from the two-party system to the multiparty system?
How is economic cost calculated for APL families under targeted PDS in India?
What is so important about politics to you?
What are some outrageously false myths/canards that persist among liberals and progressives?
What does the local government do for schools?
Feminists are trying to fix "the wage gap" but why do they ignore "the spending gap" in which statistics show women spend more than men?
How great is UC Berkeley's international relations/political science division? Are the teachers abrasive?
Could the current polarization in American politics lead in the long run to separate ethnic groups?
What nation is most likely to cause World War III? (Which is the nation that will be the "bad guy"?)
What do you mean by dirty jobs in politics?
Are liberals only liberals because of the lack of racial "diversity" in their states?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
How will the current French election affect world politics?
Is it true that internal politics at older media outlets like the New York Times are a bigger barrier to progress than coming up with a new direction?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
How do I convince a socialist that socialism doesn't work?
Do you prefer communism, socialism or capitalism?
Does white privilege exist? If so, what is it?
What are things that only Tamil people do?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
Why is Congress so powerful?
What is Maoism, and how does it differ from Marxism?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
What happens when a member of the Lok Sabha (Mallikarjun Kharge) wants to ask questions to a minister who is elected to the Rajya Sabha (Arun Jaitley)?
What are some bad things that Betsy Devos did or is planning on doing?
What would be the pros & cons of an election law requiring any donations to a political campaign to come from a person or business within the polity?
What if Operation Ajax never occurred? Would Iran be a democracy today?
I'm pro-life but I agree with Democrats on almost every other issue, who can I vote for?
As the United States grows more divided each day, do you think there will be an ideological civil war in the country?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
What kind of career should a future presidential candidate pursue in order to become a president?
Why don't socialists advocate equal distribution of sexual pleasure?
What is the most powerful computer in the world 2017?
What would happen if the leader of your country suddenly announced that he/she is actually gay/bi?
Will the all-party meet convened by the Election Commission on May 12th end the controversy on EVMs?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
What happened to leftism?
In what bad ways do politicians drive the media to influence our minds? What are their means of doing so?
Why is Vladimir Putin into larger government when it comes to economic freedoms, for someone who is big on being tough and hard on people?
Why does the "made in" label matters?
What texts and experiences shaped the development of your political views? What were the seminal factors in the growth of your civic sensibilities?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
In what way are politics affected by social media?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
Why are there so few brown senators?
What is democratic government?
What is the ACLU's position on political correctness?
Why do Republicans constantly say that Democrats believe that Russia changed ballots or interfered at the voting places?
Why are there very few women in high-ranking political positions in China?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
Shouldn't Sally Yates run for political office?
What topics related to current affairs or politics can be asked at an interview?
Would a highly politically-active left-wing woman consider dating a right-wing man, despite their radical differences in opinion?
How is/was the son/daughter of a rich Venezuelan politician?
How would Trump be rated right now among all the government leaders in the world (best to worst)?
How plausible is it for Trump's Administration to become a dictatorship?
Is there a word to differentiate reasonable conservatives from the current crop of radical conservative poseurs?
Does the DPRK president Kim Jong-un travel overseas, like to visit Russia, China, etc.?
How does the political spectrum work?
Wouldn't China benefit from replacing Kim Jong-un, even through an "accidental poisoning" from overeating?
Why do the left liberals continue to attack President Trump?
What do you think of the Open Challenge on EVM tampering posed by Election Commission of India to all Political Parties from 3rd June?
Why don't the Pakistani people organise a massive rebellion against the incumbent establishment to root out corruption & improve their country?
Is centrism a good solution to the politically left and right?
What is the most complicated political/economic ideology?
America seems to be politically divided as never before, and it seems to be getting even worse. When will this polarization stop?
Why does VS Naipaul say there is a fundamental flaw in the Indian ethos?
To what extent was Spain a fascist state?
What hypothetical scenarios would destroy the Tories government before the General Election 2017?
Why doesn’t Quora create a debate section since many of the questions on religion/political scenarios and the likes seem to be debatable rather than plain Q&A?
What are some examples of presidential powers?
What is the benefit of the 2 party political system if progress is stalled or reversed whenever the party majority shifts from one election cycle to the next?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Are people's political views determined by their news sources?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
Is the only problem with communism the lack of incentive to work? If so, how can you fix it?
Why does the political left not acknowledge the hypocrisy of the rhetoric that targets their political adversaries as somehow uniquely associated with historic acts of evil when similar rhetoric could be in fact leveled against them with similar truth?
Are there people on Quora who use the term "cuck" in a non-ironic manner when discussing political issues?
What would have happened if Darth Maul and Savage Opress had killed Darth Sidious/Chancellor Palpatine in 20 BBY?
What are the ups and downs of Nebraska's unicameral legislature?
What is the cost of an average local political campaign in the US?
Is there really any way to fight corruption?
Do you agree with the democracy system?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
Will the time come when people can be free to choose between a socialist and capitalist system?
Who is your favorite U.S. Senator who doesn't represent your home state?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
Does Ali AlShamshi believe in technocratic communism?
How do citizens of tyrant Arab states feel about political life?
What are the contributions of APJ Abdul as a president?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
With center-right governments being elected worldwide, what changes do you forsee for people around the world?
What are your views on the political uncertainty in Tamil Nadu?
What are Russia's most prominent social conservative politicians?
Is there any real fundamental difference between dictatorship and monarchy besides the invocation of divine mandate?
Are the citizens in Portugal pleased with their government?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
Since "progressives" are now actually "regressives", will the right wing be the new home of free-thinking liberal ideology?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
"The goal of socialism is communism." Why is this Lenin quote not taken seriously?
How high do you rate Ecology in your political priorities?
What do you study in politics?
Is there any place in this world which is ruled by two countries?
Is it better for a country to believe in God than a political ideology?
Has the Democratic Party thrown out personal responsibility by inventing political "rights" for identity groups?
What would happen if people were penalized for being on the wrong side of a vote in a democracy? Would that necessarily lead anywhere dystopian?
What was your last major political victory?
Would there still be gambling under communism?
Who is the best person to become the 7th Malaysian Prime Minister?
Given the political atmosphere, will we see more citizens leaving America?
How do I become an MLA, or at least a Corporator? How do I start? I don't have any political connections or background.
Is King Ravana better than current-day politicians? Don't consider his controversies, rather his administration.
Why doesn't China help Vietnam solve corruption by punishing corrupt Vietnamese officials?
Is Republican TV for the citizens or for the politicians in India?
How does Canada compare on the world stage militarily, economically and as an overall political power?
In public relations and politics, is spin inevitable?
Is the world becoming more fun?
How do Americans justify that democracy is the system every country should implement when the democracy in their country could easily be compromised?
Are all Indian male politicians “randibaaz” (womanizers)?
What are some TV programs that have good debates?
How is Mumbai different from Thane politically?
Do only politicians become president?
Why are fascist ideologies considered “extreme right”, when they are in reality in the center of the political spectrum?
What does Gordon Miller think of libertarianism?
Is Vietnam a carbon copy of Communist Yugoslavia?
How can democracy best be protected?
What are your views on the recent pulse scam of 400 crores in the Maharashtra Government?
What is the importance of direct democracy?
Why are there enemies and allies between nations? And why are there conflicts between politicians about an idea or opinion?
How do pluralist politics work?
Is it true that in the next European elections Europeans will vote in Europarties instead of national ones?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
Do political parties in Tamil Nadu fear Rajinikanth's entry into politics?
What percentage of Americans are leftist, centerfield conservatives and right wingers?
Has Harvard ruined its reputation by admitting Obama, the worst president in history, through affirmative action?
What are some great features of past and present communist countries?
Who do you respect the most, in the political party that you oppose?
What do Germans think of the victory of Angela Merkel's CDU in North West Westphalia?
Why do governments not encourage vigilantes?
How the ''sanctity of state'' is the characteristic of a dictatorial regime?
Can Democrats point to a place in the Constitution where the so-called PolitiFact is mentioned?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
What do you think of a possible Mark Zuckerberg presidency?
Would the American political system be improved if voters didn't know which party the candidate was from and voted based on their individual platform?
What would "Fly Over Country" like to hear from the Democratic party that would earn their vote?
Would the American people accept a political party similar to the UK Labour party? Would the party be successful?
Do you have to be white to be alt-right in politics?
What would you do if you were the dictator of India with full power?
Why are tariffs bad?
Why should the speaker of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha be selected from the house itself?
If both houses of Congress vote to appoint an independent counsel, can the President veto this?
Why did New York City elect Republican mayors, yet always votes for a Democratic president?
Where can I find “Country: President: :State: Governor” questions to practise?
What is the oldest good political party in Bangladesh?
What's it like being a center-leaning person watching their country be torn apart by the far left and far right?
Who are the key political philosophers regarding political representation?
How does a constitution as a structural instrument of the state attempt to introduce political order in a society?
What are some ideological differences between "Indicate" and "Syndicate" after 1969 split of congress?
Is it time for the western democracies to help Iran become a better balanced country?
If a United States President is impeached and found guilty, is that same President able to grant themselves a Presidential pardon?
Should there be a term limit for serving in Congress?
Are the Young Turks, Tim Poole, or any other independent journalist, propagandists when selling their ideology or thoughts on politics?
Are there any cabinet ministers with doctorates in Singapore?
Why would YouGov not ask someone which Prime Minister they would vote for, even though they’ve made it clear they’re interested in politics?
Why do only few monarchies exist today?
What happened with Sally Yates?
What is a pigeonhole in congress?
Is the criminalisation of politics the cause of rising election expenditures or the other way round?
Should we continue to support the two party system?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
Should we set a limit for political correctness?
If the US and the West hadn’t acted in the way they did, would the soviets have won the cold war?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
Is Macron an exceptional politician and will he turn around France?
What are some lies told by progressives?
What would a Graphologists' analysis conclude about Donald Trump’s signature?
What do you know about Brazil’s actual politic situation? And what do you think about it?
Did the Russians manage the political campaigns of democracies like India, the USA, or France, given the strikingly similar style?
Why does the US have no prime minister?
Shouldn't the party you vote for get that vote and not be given to another party?
Between a terrorist and a nationalist, what’s more dangerous for a nation?
Would it be possible to turn the USA to a dictatorship, if possible how?
How many dictators were first elected as President?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
Why do Democrats claim communism is different from socialism when Communist Russia called itself the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics?
Would it be possible to craft a new party in the US that appealed to the political center?
Why would true socialism or communism work?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
Can you bring an example when a politician (in a democratic country) used religion for political gains?
Why did Communism fail in almost every country where it was adopted? What is it about Communism that makes way for dictatorships?
Can the people of Quora argue for the opposition's political arguments?
Ex-communists, what made you leave communism?
Why is socialist Venezuela collapsing?
What are the opinions of youth on Indian politics?
For history, I have to give a speech in the perspective of Idi Amin, the African dictator, about an actual (political) subject. Any suggestions?
What was the political condition of India at the time of the Turkish invasion?
How can we stop Nepotism in Indian politics?
Who was New Zealand's greatest prime minister?
How do you deal with feeling depressed about politics and current affairs?
Just as the Republican party became conservative with time, and the Democratic party became liberal, what might happen in another 100 years?
What is the distinct definition of fascism, and what are its traits?
How can I respectfully disagree with someone with opposing political views?
How would you construct a question (or title for an article) that includes religion, race, politics, Trump’s election and the Civil War?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
Is India democratic? Or just pretending to be democratic?
How can the world function without money in Star Trek?
When will Raj Thackeray become CM of Maharashtra?
Are Tamils generally more left wing or right wing?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What should one do to become a good​ politician in India?
How does a politician become a political party member? Can the respective party simply say "no, we don't want you"?
How is statistics applied in politics?
Why are some politicians more loyal to the party than the voters?
Is the Trump association divided?
Why is Jewish lobby so influential in the politics of the USA?
What would be the solution to the problem "winning elections without money "?
What is your opinion about the Electronic Voting Machines for elections? Are they vulnerable to fraud?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
What has to be done to promote and protect areas affected by civil unrest?
Are you a progressive liberal, a conservative or a neoliberal?
Why the world people turning in to Far-Right?
Which US political party is most aligned with the philosophy of "live and let live"?
To what extent do the media shape political attitudes?
Why is a big government good?
What is the solution of left-wing militancy in India?
Why do most liberals support socialism but not monetary freedom?
What is communication theory in political science?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
What's wrong with Trump’s governance?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
Can I be a communist and not support transgenders?
Who is the most charming female politician?
What are the biggest reasons why the citizens of the U.K. voted for Brexit?
What are some books that are in favor of the political, and philosophical ideology of fascism? As well as the failures of other political systems.
Can a political party change its name?
How would you and your fellow countrymen react if your leaders started wearing capes?
My boyfriend and I have a major political view differences, should I see this as a problem to our future? Should I be concerned for this?
If only two people voted in an election, and each candidate got just one vote, who would win?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
What if 9/11 never happened? How would this have affected the world politically and economically?
Why did some countries believe communism was a better way of life?
What were the causes of the clash between Confucianism and Communism?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
What are the chances that the EVM tamperings could only be a hoax? If not, how scary is this revelation?
How has religion affected politics in the Roman empire?
What are your views on the Republic Channel and its exposure of various political leaders?
What kind of political pressure do Indian Foreign Service officers face?
What is the difference between annex and conquer?
What happens if a politician gets assassinated?
Which United States political party will win the White House in 2020?
Would Pepe Le Pew be considered politically incorrect today?
If in May 1940, Lord Halifax had grabbed at the British premiership when it was offered to him on a plate, would this question be written in German?
Would it be a good idea to make every politician a scientist? How would this impact the world for the better or the worse?
How liberal is the so-called 'liberal world order' many proclaim?
What does government and politics mean to you?
How much do politicians interfare in jobs of officers? Are officers slaves in the hands of politicians?
What is the job description or duties of a member of parliament in Canada?
Will BJP's absolute dominance of India's political life good for the Nation?
Via social media, I post semi-radical but wholly centrist views criticizing every institution with the principles of US liberty. Should I be in fear?
Why does the Russian government seem to want to destabilize global politics?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
What are any regimes committing suicide other than the present regime in Indian history?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
What do you think about China in politics and enconomy? And is the politics system suitable for the current China or the most of her people?
What are some examples of immigrants who are liberal in their adopted country but support conservative politics back home?
Is George Orwell's 1984 relevant in India today?
Is it religion that determines the morality of a nation? How does it affect the lives of secular individuals of such nation?
Who is the biggest idiot in modern Indian politics?
Should Corbyn/McDonnell now be condemned for talking to the IRA/Sinn Fein a few years before it became politically acceptable for the UK to do so?
Will our politics ever be unified and bipartisan again?
What rules of politeness change in China?
What is the possible way to make TN people understand true politics and select right leader?
How would gender socio-politically change in 100 years from now?
Why do some European governments not use the best practice and benchmarking methods to improve their governance?
Is there any way for governments to avoid power corrupting its politicians? If so, how? If not, what part of human nature makes corruption unavoidable?
Are anonymous donations for political candidates and parties in the USA legal?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
What is a political topic I can compare and contrast between 3-4 countries in a research paper?
How did you come to be a liberal or a conservative?
Why do we take the popular vote seriously in 2016 when so many of them are either Negroes or college students?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Is all of Quora liberal?
Should there be an upper age limit for voting, or should 16-year-olds be allowed to vote?
On average, would you consider Quora to be left-wing, right-wing, or neither?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why does someone want to be politically correct while answering questions?
Who are leftists and rightists? Do they vary from country to country?
In a non-Islamic country practicing democracy, can a Muslim citizen vote for a non-Muslim government/political leader?
According to William Rickards, how do dictators rise to power?
How many peaceful protests turn violent?
Does Equality before law under Article 14 of the Indian constitution apply to foreigners?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Why can't India have a political system like that in the US?
How would a Trump impeachment affect the divide in the United States of America?
Why are right wing parties so strong in Hungary?
Who is the father of constitutionalism in western political thought?
What is the role of a prime minister?
Is "political correctness" the same as "free speech"? If so, why?
What type of socialization do you expect to adopt world affairs?
How can I become a member of Parliament in Canada?
Is it possible that political ideology is much less important than execution, political norms, and a relative lack of corruption?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
Is there any chance that the Communist Party will come to power in the next 100 years?
Is it possible that the "red prosecution" during the McCarthy era has something to do with Hollywood being overwhelmingly liberal?
Why don't most liberals think the Democratic party is corrupt, even though they are being sued on multiple counts of fraud?
If Sanders had won in 2016, would the US government now be more left-wing than Macron's?
Has the Lisbon Treaty really made the EU more democratic?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
Why is Lenin glorified by Marxists and socialists when he was a brutal murderer and dictator?
Which presidents used both public and private funding in their campaigns?
Is a "micro aggression" a real thing or just something right wing activists made up to make the left look stupid?
Is Emmanuel Macron best described as being classically liberal?
In 20 years, will the Tories be hammered in election?
Will he really be impeached and forced out of office or will he be known as The Teflon President?
In light of the present American political scene, how is democracy 'the government of the people, by the people and for the people'?
Why is Russia interfering with elections in favor of the right wing candidate?
Why is the Conservative Party of Canada posting so many memes on social media?
Why do we study political theory?
Will there always be dictatorships?
Why does China want to invade the South China Sea?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
Which political party will win the majority seats in upcoming local elections in Nepal?
If you had absolute power in America for one day, what would you do?
What are some scientifically established facts that sound right-wing?
Why should a politician (MP, MLA, or any other) show his/her power?
Why are there so many telephones in Indian cabinet ministers' offices?
Terrorism is the use/threat of violence toward a political aim. This describes Antifa. Why doesn't the media admit this?
After impeachment, can a president still call himself president?
Who are the most conservative Quora users?
When did liberalism change?
Why should a voter be a resident of a certain area in the Philippines for a period of at least six months before he/she can vote?
How would the concept of Lebensbraum be applied in modern governments?
Is San Francisco a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Do upper caste Hindus have a different ideology and political inclination than their parents?
Which will destroy the country faster, neoconservativism or neoliberalism?
What are the contribution of Aung San SuuKyi in Myanmar elections?
How do lawyers and political advisors use dirty rhetorical tricks to tarnish opponents and their positions?
What major changes are you expecting from Emmanuel Macron, the President of France?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
Will people power force a change in Venezuela? And is this the end of the socialist revolution started by the late president Hugo Chavez?
Did “Baahubali” succeed due to patriotism and nationalism?
Did Donald Trump’s first visit to Saudi Arabia win the hearts of the Muslim world?
How do you see Indian politics shaping up 20 years from now?
In the UK, should I spoil my ballot or just not vote?
What is the poll where the UKIP voters are going to vote for this general election?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
Have you ever known anyone who made good on their promise to leave the country if so-and-so was elected?
Has Australian politics become more elitist and advocacy-group-driven since John Howard's Prime Ministership? If so, why?
Is Kejriwal promoting distrust in the system and in democracy to recruit more Urban Naxalites into their fold?
When was Ram Rajya established?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
What do people look for in local elections - a genuine leader or the best party?
How have people avoided becoming Democrats?
Is it possible to form a third ideology (other than capitalism and socialism)?
Why is there so much politics about Teen Talaak?
What is a non-biased summary of what all of the major political parties stand for in the upcoming British general election?
If Liberals are causing the destruction of our country, then why is Russia trying to hard to support conservatives?
Why does our beloved Prime Minister choose to leave an impression of unpredictability among people at large?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
What can modern right-wing Republicans do to win Democrats and liberals over to their worldview?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
What are the policies that the Congress and other political parties had planned to form but that the BJP government successfully formed and implemented?
How can I relate the end of history to the hegemony of politics?
How would the world without the political boundaries?
Is Rahul Ghandhi the dumbest politician in the country?
Why do liberals want to shut down free speech?
What are some fundamental flaws with the idea of the afterlife?
How can street art, political cartoons, shopping, music, etc., help to explain the importance of gender in everyday life and politics?
Is socialism classless?
Why is it bad for the prime minister to meet with the ethics commissioner?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
Why do leftists continue to deny the left wing bias of the media in the face of such obvious facts to the contrary?
Why should a politician go for strategic campaigns?
How do you determine the election day?
Why do you think Donald Trump is a bad president?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
Is there more politics than work pressure in Kolkata companies?
Does the modern Right Drive prove that you don't need an economic turmoil to promote nationalist-authoritarian politics?
Is there any civic tech political party in the world?
Can you think of a reason why a politically democratic voting system might lead to disaster?
Are politicians shills to their political party?
What is the actual difference between the left and right political views, globally?
What are the general social & economic positions of the French left-wing & right-wing?
Is there really a problem with human rights in China?
What is your view on the recent issue between Mr. S. P. Balasubramaniam and Mr. Ilaiyaraja?
Why does our prime minister never get out in the morning?
How can I start a coalition?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
Is it true that South African youth have lost interest in politics due to corruption that includes the private use of public resources?
Why are you a Social Democrat?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
How best can you describe the vertical distribution of power in the government?
How come today the Left is Anti-Russia and the Right Pro-Russia, when historically it's been the other way around?
Are there any offices a former 2 term US president can run for or is their official political career over?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
Is there something that a common man can do, from a political sense of view but without getting into politics, to make India a better place to live?
Why do the Brazilians like Sergio Moro if he is absolutely tendentious, wants to be a political, and very probably corrupt, person?
How is cultural Marxism influencing European and American politics?
Why do we Indians elect a corrupt politician again & again?
How accepted are Noam Chomsky's views in academic studies of political history?
Is there a Kantian argument against nationalism?
Should the Democratic party change it's name?
Are Chinese politicians all soulless psychopaths like American politicians?
Why do Indians discuss more politics than any other country?
How can Justin Trudeau reconcile a 15 billion dollar military aid package to Saudi Arabia with his 'apparent' liberal values?
Is there any merit in the allegations raised by Kapil Mishra, ex-Cabinet Minister?
Are Trump voters new to politics?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
How did Germany become a democratic country?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
What is one way to unite the left and right sides of the political spectrum so that they engage in productive rather than inconclusive debates?
Why do some people in the 1st world vote for radical leftists and populists?
Why don't Democratic politicians and the left-wing media condemn violent protests more?
Why is Lalu Yadav still in politics, given the Republic expose?
Did BJP have a mandate for the presidental election?
Can cultural integration and political separation bring about peace?
Why are bureaucrats accountable to a congress?
Did House Republicans just vote themselves out of office?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
Is a socialist, libertarian, and rationalist country the solution to all problems?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
If Flynn had been chosen as the vice president, wouldn't that have been a huge embarrassment for our country?
What exactly is going on with politics today? I have a kindergarten understanding of these things, please take that into consideration.
Will the Tories get a massive majority in the 2017 general election?
I want to be politically active in the future, but have some problems with where I stand politically. How do I solve my political dilemma?
I have far right views in my ultra liberal school. I have destroyed my social reputation. What can I do to rebuild my reputation?
Which democratic rights have India copied from other countries?
What is a hybird regime?
Why do liberals think that Nazism is right wing extremism?
Why is much of the political spectrum of Quora filled with bitter, angry people?
Why do some people state they hate identity politics yet they refer to minorites as some kind of monolith?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
I need political operatives for my future in us politics. How can I find them?
Why do some people think “identity politics” is oppressive?
Should Rajinikanth join politics?
Does Enda Kenny's resignation indicate that the next Irish general election could occur soon?
Is a political or a mob psychologist able to explain the current situation, such as how it evolved, its future, and the resolution?
What are some examples of pluralist politics?
What is your opinion on the Obamacare cost spike caused by Donald Trump?
Had Brigitte been 24 years younger than E. Macron, what effects could it have had on the results of the presidential election and media discussions?
If the most extreme right-wing constituency of our government could pass any laws and do as they pleased for 20 years, what would America look like in any and every aspect?
What are some characteristics of a parochial political culture?
What are the major differences between the political ideology of the APC and the PDP in Nigeria?
Which party are you going to vote for in 2019 and why?
Who benefited most from Marxism, rightists or leftists?
What are the top 5 goals of the United States as a nation?
Are Democrats less partisan than Republicans?
What were some major political events which affected Reagan's popularity, before and during his presidency?
What are the things a common citizen can do if their democratic government is making ridiculous laws (misusing their majority) to accumulate more power?
Can you write a limerick about a famous politician?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
Do anti-globalists in US oppose international trade in principle or do they simply want different rules?
What are the political ramifications of McMansions?
Why are some people contentious?
Would you vote for a presidential candidate who had no religious affiliation?
Was it unnatural for Modi to win the latest election? How did it all that happen?
How likely is it that all the countries of the world will one day fully cooperate politically and 100% peacefully?
Why are most democratic presidents lawyers and most republican presidents businessmen or military men before they go into politics?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
Why are the white people in the Midwest less worldly than the white people in other parts of the US?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
How did the Viet Minh help decolonise Indochina economically and politically?
What is Democraci?
Do people believe politicians should have experience?
What is classical political economy?
Are people who play empire-building games more likely to have authoritarian political views?
Are there any left-wing nativists?
Why the Right Drive seems to have trouble gaining traction in the continental Western Europe?
What is green anarchism?
Should I vote tactically?
What are the questions that the public should ask political parties before Karnataka goes to the polls?
Is UPSC the right choice for me if I'm not interested in politics?
What are the most liberal countries in the world and what are some of their most liberal policies?
Will Sally Yates run for President?
Is the 60 senate votes on the budget in the Constitution?
Do you agree to the reaction of the Political Rights of Corruptor?
How rigged are the election in Russia?
What change do you see in the current 'NaMo era' politics and the previous years' politics?
How would you describe with your insight into politics, economics, and society these days in Indonesia?
In what ways are Star Wars politics similar or different to our global politics today?
Who do you think was the best Lib Dem leader?
I’m planning to join active politics. I have decided the party but feel it's better to attract them and earn an entry. What should I do?
What is the most recent research by Jonathan Haidt on free speech and political correctness on university campuses?
Is there a balance between capitalism and communism?
Is our democracy hacked?
Which EU countries have more immigrants from the UK than emigrants to the UK?
What is the difference between a liberal in the USA and a liberal in Europe?
Can Modi finish off Lalu and AK’s political careers, based on the Republic TV report?
What was the political impact of the Suez Crisis on both French and British politics?
Who was the first president?
What kinds of environments should politics not be involved in?
When will liberals realize that Islam is the problem?
What role could AI play in governance?
What do you find interesting about political philosophy?
For institutions, politicians, and individual citizens, what are the challenges to democracy that happen every single day, large and small?
If elections lead to policies against the best interest of the people, how is this different from giving someone else a stick to get beaten with it?
Is humanitarianism left wing or right wing?
How do I explain Brexit from a comparative politics & normative perspective?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
Is there a viable argument for choosing British Parliamentary candidates through Open Primaries?
If liberals had the option to replace the rude but politically moderate Trump with a far more conservative but more PC President, would they?
Why doesn't Putin clamp down a peaceful protest before it endangers his 18-year regime and corrupt oligarchy?
Would Meral Aksener form her own political party, run for president in 2019, or neither?
Who is more powerful, a governor or a chief minister?
What former Presidents and Vice Presidents would be good for certain cabinet positions and other offices appointed by the President?
Can Turkey invade Europe?
What do the general body of a political party means?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
How often are treaties broken?
What is the dumbest political ideology?
What steps are being taken to keep WikiTribunal’s reports unbiased politically and ideologically?
Why do people vote for the same parties, even when it is not in their self interest?
How do I become a politician in Ukraine?
What would prevent a wealthy president from paying lawmakers​ for their votes?
How will creating a school political party involving communism affect my outside life?
How does someone build up a political profile?
What is democracy like in the modern world?
From a political/policy ideology perspective, why are KKK members and Nazis lumped in with conservatives?
Why is nazism hated more than communism, when communism killed more people?
Is the Taliban an accurate reflection of Pashtun culture?
What are some examples of Bill Maher using double standards between liberal and conservative politicians?
Do libertarian socialists see enterprising nonprofits dominating the market all by worker and consumer free will and free choice as the best scenario?
What are the main differences between libertarianism and conservatism in the United States?
How can a measure (like the AHCA) pass the House with only 217 votes? Should it have passed with 218, or is there some other majority rule in place?
How was Boris Nemtsov betrayed by those who he once helped, given the attraction to be associated with Putin and his patronage?
What happens if we choose a president who always focuses on fears and who acts like a dictator?
What is an “infocracy”?
What is the difference between a congressman and a governor?
Why do political parties not want to include eradication of the caste system into their manifestos?
How are former heads of state, Joseph Estrada and Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, still able to garner relevant seats in politics despite their past misdeeds and criminal conviction?
When will liberals realize that capitalism is vastly superior to socialism?
Will we see single-payer healthcare in the USA within the next 25 years?
Why do politics are so boring in the last 30 years?
Why do some European governments not use the best practice and benchmarking methods to improve their governance?
Will ESPN continue to use its platform to promote leftist political views while its audience is fleeing?
Should Canada get into progressive politics like Bernie Sanders to take money out of politics like the Young Turks promote?
Is corruption and laws geared toward helping the rich a consequence of the wealthy being in charge of the government?
How does a party have 41 seats if they got 54 seats from FPTP and 38% of the popular vote?
Why do people call me "liberal" when I make comments in defense against prejudice remarks?
How can a socialist state be defined?
Why does no one get punished for the scams and corruption the BJP leaders talk about during their poll promises?
Who among the Council of Ministers is the best minister?
Who should I support, the Sasikala faction or the Ops faction?
What do conservative voters think about the health care cuts in Trumpcare that will put money back in rich people's pockets?
How can you make a better government system than the best ones in the world today?
Is it possible to resolve Kashmir, Moism, and Naxalism if any Tamilian is the prime minister?
What are the repercussions of Babiš' probable resignation as Minister of Finance for the Czech political scene?
Are there any conservatives introspectively assessing how to bridge the gap with liberals?
How could Jeremy Corbyn win the election?
Is it legally possible for one person to be a member of two political parties, in two different countries?
Who were the left wing presidents since 1900?
Are the any rationalist political movements that eschew all dogmas and look at each social problem on its own merits?
What are some examples of political jargons?
Will machine learning and AI make democracy obsolete?
Does Equality before law under Article 14 of the Indian constitution apply to foreigners?
How is Pakistan now practicing democracy instead of military rule?
Is opinion about whether DC should be a state driven completely by party affiliation?
Warren Buffett reads 500 pages a day. What does he read?
Which personality had a large number of people gathered during their funeral?
Trump signs an executive order that allows the church to engage in politics. How bad is this? And will we see churches engaged in politics a lot?
How significant is Marxism today when the world is looking for a different philosophy for its socioeconomic structure?
In what ways can contributing to a political campaign help you personally?
What should I do with my inherited knowledge of the Russian language? I have never used it that much.
What is meant by “he is a leftist”?
What’s the point of having democratic elections when the algorithms know who you are and how you are going to vote?
What are the differences between social & political philosophy and the social sciences?
Has political correctness gone mad?
Canada is the oldest continuous democracy. What can countries who try to build democratic institutions learn from the Canadian experience?
Who started politics?
Is an actual politics about the art of eliminating structural violence?
Why is Gorsuch's confirmation considered a win for Trump? With a GOP Senate, and McConnell changing rules, how could it have failed?
Should politicians who advocate for war, be required to send their own children to the front-lines?
What is the main driving force for passing new legislation? What determines whether lobbyists would gain control of politicians?
Why do people play politics in companies? Why don't​ they realise that their actions can lead to a job loss for someone?
What are the politicians representing you doing good and/or bad?
What is the best photograph of government corruption?
Did Donald Trump pass a bill to mix religion with politics?
Is complaining on social media about our current political and social perils the most effective way to protect our present and future generations?
If you had a chance, whom would you have elected as India's new President?
How did American and Soviet democracy differ?
Does the son of a politician have the right to run in an election?
How can I get involved in politics at a young age in the UK?
What does “motion to reconsider” mean after a bill is passed in Congress?
What is the relationship between domestic politics and international politics?
Is healthcare an entitlement?
What do you think about Ahok's decision to remove himself from the world of politics?
Which songs are good to use for a political campaign to make people look positive to the future?
Why isn’t the Government of India sending Lalu Prasad Yadav to jail?
What would happen if we were to lose separation of church and state? Is this possible in the U.S. now?
What are the benefits of individualism on national level?
Can everyone express their opinions about the political leaders on social media? What should you do when you get arrested, since section 66 is not valid anymore?
Does the statement "The liberals of today are the conservatives of tomorrow" have any truth to it?
Would BJP have won in UP had they declared Yogi Adityanath as CM candidate before the elections?
What would most likely have happened if a large number of people threatened to commit suicide if a political leader is elected?
What is the absolute solution to gerrymandering politics and vote buying in modern democracy?
What's the political situation in France?
Why is it that in politics, avid supporters of politicians think they speak for most people?
What do the people of Germany have to do to have more influence on political decisions?
Are Americans unaware that the rest of the world exists?
Is there any website that compiles the list of major headlines on similar topics from news organizations across political spectrum?
What would have been the consequential effect of a Netherlands exit, in case Mr. Geert Wilders had won?
Is it wrong that I'm intrigued by facism?
Did Putin miscalculate that interfering in the US Election would bring such strong anti-Russian sentiment?
Do Presidents who are removed from office get a Presidential Library?
Is the liberal world order in crisis?
I am socially conservative and economically moderate. Which party (or candidate) should I support?
Does the British Prime Minister have a nuclear "football" like the US President?
How do you calm yourself when politics are making you crazy?
What would happen if a world government declared a nation’s government so corrupt it was found to be "Criminally Insane"?
How would you explain your political philosophy?
How did they Conservatives gain the Feguslie Park vote?
Can Vietnam become the next Poland?
Are Russians getting tired of one man ruling and the corruption that seems to exist, despite 18 years? Is it time for a change?
Currently, what are the most important states?
Why are people claiming the Conservatives have become more right wing?
Would countries do better having a single leader system instead of having a parliament which can't agree on anything?
Why should engineers care about virtues, economic freedom, and political systems/institutions?
Adityanath is already a CM, so why is he contesting elections (by polls) to enter the Assembly?
Does hypocrisy show up more on the political right or left?
Why did European countries develop much faster than Asian countries in last 5 centuries?
Which religion has more politics in it and which one has the least?
Who is more powerful in Pakistan, chief justice/president/prime minister?
Can India's domestically built fighter jet Tejas, bring down China's domestically built civilian airliner C919?
What is the difference between the power of a Prime Minister and a President in India, when a big decision should be made?
Can a president be impeached for gross incompetence?
Why should hillbilly states like Alabama and Kansas have the same congressional representation as larger civilized states?
Would anarcho capitalism be possible to implement?
Is there really a socialist agenda or is it just a straw man to argue for capitalist ideas?
Is it true that those who complain most about political correctness are already insensitive people in the first place?
Why are politics and sports two insanely popular obsessions people fall into?
In a liberal democracy, you can never be a freedom fighter, only a terrorist. Is this true?
Why do people always bring up bread lines when discussing the USSR and not the gulags or the posters saying "remember it’s wrong to eat your child"?
Is Turkey too far gone to get back to democratic freedoms in the next few years (from 2017)?
How do people who work for corrupted governments steal money? Is it so easy?
What is the meaning of democracy when you have a treaty with a dictator, and you implement it for the general people?
What does "you can do anything with bayonets but sit on them" mean?
What are some services that offer realtime monitoring of market movements caused by politics?
Who is the prime minister of the USA?
How can a clueless person start learning about politics, news and how society works?
Why most of the political parties in India don't bother for Hindus?
If I travelled back in time 20 years to the past and got stuck, how would I prove my identity to a government?
Who deserve to be the next chief minister of Karnataka?
Has American politics always been this nasty?
Why most of the Pashtuns are conservative thinkers?
Is there a difference between national and international pilots?
How did religion affect politics in Tibetan history?
Why does a country have to be religion-based?
How can I learn about communism?
Have the political ideas a genetic foundation?
What causes most corruption in politics?
What are the formations of local elections?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the parliamentary system of government in India?
What are your concerns and reservations about the Lagos State Government reforms in the transportation sector later this year?
What is the difference between unitary form of Government and Federal government?
Why are you a Democrat?
In US politics, is there a link between how much party primaries are contested and how the chosen candidates fare in the general election?
Which young Quorans would make the best political journalists?
Why do you support President Duterte?
Is the government confused about economic policies and the promises they are making?
What are the steps to be taken to enter into politics?
Will the anti-defection law apply to MPs and MLAs expelled from their parties?
Should cabinet ministers or shadow cabinet ministers get paid to appear on the BBC?
Is it true that homosexuality being normalized is a symptom of society collapsing?
How do the advancements in transportation help the growing nation to become "smaller"?
How can elections be hacked? What happened to people’s votes?
What makes India so confident when they can't match any real democratic country yet they still claim to be the most democratic one in the world?
The general public is arguably unaware of machine learning’s potential. Is this the single worst threat to our civil liberties worldwide?
What do you mean by social movements?
Do apologists for tyrannical regimes like tyranny or do they think tyranny is a price worth paying for some other benefit?
If left-wing people were put on one Earth and all the right-wing people were put on another, what would their respective worlds be like in 50 years?
How can you define high politics?
Do you think Stephen Colbert should get fired?
Should an independent tribunal decide on the Brexit bill?
Why does Iraq not support the veto power? What are the veto's demerits?
How can we get more liberals to move to swing states?
Those who unfriended you or unfollowed you on social media because of your belief system or political beliefs are not your friends at all. Do you agree?
Why do we vote for democracy and capitalism but expect 'equality' and healthcare from the state?
Did Prince Phillip pass away, or is the news of his death a hoax?
Are we going toward a world government?
Are Iranians better or worse off under Islamic regime than under Shah today?
Why is fascism looked at so poorly?
Is Turkey close to be the next Venezuela?
What is the definition of the term "political behavior"?
Who did you vote for in the West of England metro mayor elections?
Does Nepal’s politics function on the basis of the international and regional relations of larger countries?
Why don’t most of the politicians keep their promises after winning elections?
Do you think that North Korea would have at least been half as developed as South Korea had the economic sanctions not been imposed on them?
Which is closer to a dictatorship - the Labour or Conservative Party?
Did the CIA assassinate the democratically elected leader of Afghanistan because he wouldn't comply with Western oil demands?
It seems the only thing members of Congress are truly concerned with is being re-elected, and not their constituent's interest. Is this true?
What might happen to countries if they suddenly let young people in their thirties run the government and even be presidents and prime ministers?
Should Iran have deeper relations with the EU?
Who arranges the meetings between leaders of different countries?
Should a person be able to draw a valid line of distinction between someone else's religion, and how they apply it in a political context?
What was one of the reasons you switched political parties?
To what extent did the British establishment fear the spread of communism in the 1920s?
What do you think about Great Serbia?
Why do socialist governments suppress freedom of speech more than other governments?
What is mucle power in politics?
Who is responsible for the political uncertainty in J & K?
It’s mid-2017 now. If Trump doesn't run in 2020, which Republican would have the best chance at winning?
Do I need to use all boxes when voting in STV (preferential voting) system elections?
What would a Marine Le Pen presidency mean for Europe?
Is demonetisation a boon or a bane?
What do you think about Muammar Gaddafi?
Which was the first country to form a democratic government?
In what way has the federal superstate structure of the USA contributed to the development of its current political and economic dominance?
Which political issues are most important to you and how would you fix them?
Why do people tend to adopt a particular political ideology? Why is this becoming a trend?
Is it ethical for naturalized citizens to engage in diaspora politics of their homeland?
What are the session dates of all sessions that occurred during the long parliament?
How does sovereignty affect the way other states approach ISIS?
Who is the worst Indian politician according to Shivam Sanghvi, and why?
Who is a more powerful authority, an MLA or a mayor?
If you have interest in politics, can you view my plan for a government set up that would solve most of the world problems and write a comment ?
What political party do Swiss people support?
Is capitalism failing and will it face the same fate as communism due to the super expanding inequality?
What's political symbolism?
Why hasn't USA annexed Puerto Rico yet? Now with Puerto Rico's financial problems, will it join the Union?
What is meant by the statement that the Iraq War was largely about oil?
Do you think the USA is behind the attempts to dissolve the EU?
Are minorities included in deliberative democracy?
What is the highest authority in the United States that I could speak to if I wasn't granted citizenship after living in the USA for over 40 years?
Can nominated members of Lok Sabha become ministers?
What is the definition of politics? What are the pros and cons of politics?
Why are there political parties? If the major concern of all of them is to just serve the nation and develop it, they can work together.
Are heads of states more than ever puppets to the hidden real deep state power?
What are the best sources for unbiased coverage of politics and what makes them so good?
Why are politics and sports two insanely popular obsessions people fall into?
Is there a way to request police reports regarding unwarranted visits to my place of residence due to my political opinions and outspoken nature?
How can I talk about politics with my liberal mom?
Who holds power over Romanian government besides their cabinet?
Who was the first female prime minister in the world?
Why can’t we change the parliamentary system of India?
Is Turkey too far gone to get back to democratic freedoms in the next few years (from 2017)?
How can I better understand politics, and become more confident towards it rather then shying away at all costs?
Is there a strong link between democracy and good governance?
How can the revolutionary left assimilate enough solidarity to destroy fascism?
Which system of government would be best suited as a single global government and why?
I want to know about politics, what are some good books to read?
What are some services that offer realtime monitoring of market movements caused by politics?
What's the political structure in Brunei?
Do you loathe rampant political correctness on Quora?
If I travelled back in time 20 years to the past and got stuck, how would I prove my identity to a government?
What are global and domestic politics in a nutshell?
Would an individual limit of $50,000 for political donations greatly reduce corruption in the U.S.?
Why is P.M. Modi promoting shifting the financial year from January to December?
Do you trust the government or business?
What views do citizens of communist countries have about communism and do they believe that capitalism has failed?
What are the chances of you being related to European monarchy?
Can we posit to society/politicians, "If you cannot do DiffEQ, then listen, don't speak about science"?
Have the political ideas a genetic foundation?
The Cold War continues to affect global political and economic relations today. Why?
Who is the best politician in the Asia?
Why with the exception of the coalition has the UK had long periods of one party rule since 1979?
How did Meir Dagan, former head of Mossad, view Netanyahu?
Is the statement of Kumar Vishwas against the AAP is correct? Is there any political agenda behind it?
If socialism and communism are somewhat similar, why has socialism succeeded but communism failed?
What is the political impact of liberalization on India?
Is the world heading towards a new definition of nationalism, which means supporting right-wing ideologies?
What are the main tenets of contemporary extreme right ideology, and how do they relate to the presence of immigrant populations?
Does the United States spend more money trying to help people or kill them?
How can the rev-left (anarchism, communism, socialism) defeat the alt-right and other various fascist groups?
Is trade liberalization and economic liberalization the same?
Which political party do Kayasthas usually vote for in North India and Bengal?
Why is India a democratic country and not communist?
What changes to the electoral process are needed to make term limits work well?
What are the advantages of using social media in politics?
Why are the United Nations agency directors politically appointed?
Have the Democrats lost their liberal supporters for leftist?
Who is more powerful politically: Narendra Modi or Vladimir Putin?
Has Modi’s government failed on the Kashmir and Pakistan issues?
How can elections be hacked? What happened to people’s votes?
Do the existence and effects of political parties limit analytical and independent thinking among party members?
I believe 'Democratic Socialist' to be an oxymoron. How can one person be both?
How long has France been a multi party system?
What’s wrong with Indian politics? Is it necessary to do a rally on the streets for votes? Isn't that literally begging for votes?
What happens say at UN Meeting, if one President kills a President from another country?
What is your opinion of political leaders worldwide?
The general public is arguably unaware of machine learning’s potential. Is this the single worst threat to our civil liberties worldwide?
What is your opinion on political leaders around the world?
In what ways do politics affect business?
Have you changed your mind about anything (race, religion, country, politics, history, etc.), since you've been on Quora?
Can a C & A G after his retirement contests parliamentary elections and become a member of parliament?
If left-wing people were put on one Earth and all the right-wing people were put on another, what would their respective worlds be like in 50 years?
Why are there still communist/socialist enthusiasts?
Can a master’s in international political economy lead you to a career in finance?
How can the movie Waar be related to the underlying political scenarios in Pakistan?
How does the educated world interpret what is happening in American politics?
Is federalism in some Latin American countries successful?
What are the most important political issues that aren't getting enough attention?
Do socialist/communist countries usually have cult-like leaders? If so, why?
Why is communism said to be inevitable?
Will any national-level political party dare to ban the present caste-based reservation system in their manifestos (in the 2019 elections)?
Is democracy a purely Western innovation?
What do you think it will take to establish a stable government in Ethiopia?
What are some politically incorrect things I shouldn't say when visiting the USA?
How did democracy spread in monarchist Europe?
What is the best counter argument to "power resides only where men believe it resides"?
What is the definition of the term "political behavior"?
What documents delegate powers to local governments?
When is the BJP expected to get the majority in Rajya Sabha?
Why do people hate Alan Greenspan so much for the mistake he made of believing banks should be self-regulatory?
If an election were held today in Germany, Merkel would win. Why would the average German vote for her after what she did?
How can I become friends with big politicians?
Will WW3 basically be a war against North Korea?
Can an IAS officer become an efficient political leader?
Could France head into a period of civil unrest the coming years after the election of 2017?
Why do communist/socialist states like North Korea and China call themselves democratic republics?
Is e-governance a good way to reduce corruption?
What is political sociology all about?
Has there ever been an Italian Prime Minister or President from either Veneto or Friuli Venezia Giulia?
What are the sources of power in politics?
Considering the notion of democracy, why was Lincoln justified in preventing the South from voluntarily seceding?
What is the actual difference between a socialist and communist economy?
What would be needed in a nation for communism to be successful?
How do I form a political party for Himachal Pradesh state election 2017 to give a platform to deserving candidates?
Why do you think democracy is more important than any other political value?
Who is the most compassionate political figure in World History?
To what extent did the British establishment fear the spread of communism in the 1920s?
What is the best type of government rather than democracy?
What do you think about Great Serbia?
Why do Muslims have problems with nationalism and the right wing in India?
How do the British feel about the “First Past The Post” system? Theoretically it's possible for a party to win 49% or more and not have one MP.
Why is the idea of slowly moving the mortgage market away from being underpinned by the government a good idea?
Why is the FPTP system preferred for the Lok Sabha elections, while the proportional representation system is preferred for the Rajya Sabha?
Why does Rex Tillerson want renegotiate the Paris Agreement, not pull out completely?
What do you think about Muammar Gaddafi?
In what way has the federal superstate structure of the USA contributed to the development of its current political and economic dominance?
Why did so many more people vote in the 2004 election than the 2000 election?
What must I do in order to be an informed voter by 2020?
Which political issues are most important to you and how would you fix them?
When did it became mainstream for Eurosceptics to be right-wing?
Why do so many Brits still idolise an archaic monarchy?
Is it true that most Russians think politics is something only the political power in Moscow deal with?
What are the session dates of all sessions that occurred during the long parliament?
How does sovereignty affect the way other states approach ISIS?
If you have interest in politics, can you view my plan for a government set up that would solve most of the world problems and write a comment ?
What political party do Swiss people support?
Which American political talk show personalities do you think are completely biased?
What are your thoughts on Clinton blaming Comey for her loss and calling herself a part of "The Resistance"?
Could Ben Shapiro debate any politician and win?
Why does Accenture support bad politics of mainly the higher management?
How would an anarchist society respond to a military invasion?
Who is the first President of Bihar?
Are you for or against government monitoring? And why?
What did you get on the 8values GitHub test?
Is there space for parties, other than at DMK and AIADMK in Tamil Nadu politics?
A professor told me that all the power in the world is 'a river' damned by the most powerful people (2-3) in the world. How true is this statement?
Why can't the United States balance the budget and create a surplus like Germany?
Why is California so democratic-leaning?
If the USA was under a communist regime (since the end of WW2), would it have produced such products as the iPhone?
What is the only difference between politicians and prostitutes?
Has Iraq become a democratic country, providing every human with rights?
Is the "old guard" in the Democratic party not retiring, preventing the next generation from becoming leaders in the 2018 and 2020 elections?
How do I change my vote location?
Do IAS officers face biased treatment due to government having right wing ideology?
What is the president's role in parliament?
Is Vietnam a democracy?
How do politics affect international business?
How much alcohol would one have to consume to die of alcohol poisoning?
Is it legally count as a crime if an American obtained a Cuban cigar not by purchasing it but given to him free from a person from there?
Are heads of states more than ever puppets to the hidden real deep state power?
What would happen if President Maduro was removed from power by rebels during a coup? Would there be big changes?
What are the best sources for unbiased coverage of politics and what makes them so good?
What are the greatest pitfalls of socialism?
If you could make your own infomercial, what would it be like?
Why is politics so sneaky?
Why is there a lack of Anarcho-Capitalism or Libertarian Capitalism in India?
How often are treaties broken?
Has 4chan grown too powerful in terms of its influence in media and politics?
Is democracy a door wide open to autocracy and despotism?
Suppose you are elected as a Mayor of Dhaka City. What works will you do first to change the city?
What is wrong in being a nationalist?
Why should leftist progressive opinions be absolutely and completely ignored?
Is it a good idea to give citizens control over their taxes via referendum?
Which best describes a liberal or conservative ideology, the glass half empty or the glass half full?
What should I study after journalism to be a better journalist?
How do the poor experience political democracy in India?
What are some negative impacts of religion on politics?
What happens if a vote of 'no confidence' is passed against a minister?
What are the instruments of direct democracy?
How do the existing rulers of China react to people's demands for democracy?
What is the meaning of democracy when you have a treaty with a dictator, and you implement it for the general people?
When will all this confusion and chaos end in Tamil Nadu politics, regarding farmers, transportation, etc.?
Who was more popular: Putin or Hitler?
Is the Kashmir problem a political one or an ideological one?
What does “Member of Parliament can claim immunity” mean?
What is the future of Nigerian government under the current president?
Why were governments formed?
What are the best arguments against Marxist communism?
What is the best way to vote in the general elections?
If you needed a legal agreement between you and someone else, what do you need to do?
What are examples of the craziest moments from the political right and left?
Is paying attention to politics a waste of time?
What political stand point(s) will Wikitribune have and/or don't have?
Is there an agenda to flood Europe with Muslim refugees, as the conspiracy theorists would have us believe?
Does progressivism lead to communism?
Has American politics always been this nasty?
In what ways can a government change after a different political party wins an election?
Why most of the Pashtuns are conservative thinkers?
Would an individual limit of $50,000 for political donations greatly reduce corruption in the U.S.?
Is there any ideal political party in India?
What are modern day examples of the separation of powers in the US government?
How was Boris Nemtsov betrayed by those who he once helped, given the attraction to be associated with Putin and his patronage?
Which ideology do you think will dominate the world in the distant future of mankind? Leftist, Rightist, or Centrist?
Why is Russia referred to as a non-democracy and the United States is referred to as a democracy?
If Maxime Bernier wins the Conservative Party leadership race, what would that mean for the party, considering Bernier's extreme neo-liberal agenda?
What do people of India think about Arvind Kejriwal?
Is a real democratic world government viable?
Is every democracy a failure or it is so in specific countries?
Why are our prime ministers, presidents etc. not professors of economics, politics, international law or something of that sort?
Would you rather live in a place with an all-powerful government or no government at all?
Why are all the Brazilian politicians corrupt?
I am interested in politics but I cannot start a career in my home country because it is corrupted and violent. What are my options?
Why are you a Democrat?
What is the political impact of liberalization on India?
Nepal’s Prime Minister, Pushpa Kamal Dahal, resigned today. What will be the next series of events?
What is the local level of the legislative branch?
How does [can] the Russian government influence foreign elections?
In the realm of politics, between Russia and the US, which one is the good guy, and which one is the bad guy?
Which young Quorans would make the best political journalists?
Which quality would you prefer in a politician first 'honesty' or 'his/her respect in society'?
What do you think of NPO's like Make a difference? Are they really helpful in restructuring our country?
How would the Chinese government react if Vietnam decided to promote democracy and become an American ally?
Would people from Germany vote for someone that moves there and becomes a politician?
What are the flaws of anarchism?
Who among the Council of Ministers is the best minister?
What do Kerala people want/expect from their political party/leader?
I believe 'Democratic Socialist' to be an oxymoron. How can one person be both?
How long has France been a multi party system?
If there was a nation of Quorans, what government would it have?
What is it really like to be a conservative or “right” leaning individual within academia?
Why is Modi silent on Hindu extremism?
What are some awesome shayaris for Indian politics?
Why would you support nationalism?
Is today's government leading towards dictatorship?
What is the art style used commonly in political posters called and where does it come from?
How can the UK avoid becoming a de facto totalitarian dictatorship?
Can a C & A G after his retirement contests parliamentary elections and become a member of parliament?
How can we common people contribute to our Nation?
Who is third in line to become president should a president not be able to finish his/her term?
If you close your eyes and imagine utopia, what do you see?
What are some examples of wasteful government expenditures?
Is Robert Mueller an unbiased and intelligent enough source to head the Russian investigation?
What is main theoretical divide between Political Science and Public Administration as social science disciplines?
Those who unfriended you or unfollowed you on social media because of your belief system or political beliefs are not your friends at all. Do you agree?
Why is it not possible to vote for the policies you like rather than for a party?
What are some speech topics for national current affairs?
What are the differences between social & political philosophy and the social sciences?
How can the minority be protected in a democracy?
Is it reasonable to break up with someone you're in love with, because of their politics?
When will Lalu Yadav get his punishment?
Why don't political reporters ask politicians where they see areas of potential compromise with the opposing party?
Should politicians who advocate for war, be required to send their own children to the front-lines?
Theoretical question: If Hillary Clinton had won in 2016, who would she nominate in her cabinet most likely?
Why would the House pursue such an unpopular bill like repeal and replace? Isn't that politically unwise?
Should the AAP still be credited as the face of alternative politics?
Why is Pakistan not a democracy even though it has elections?
What are the flaws of centrism?
Which country is the safest from a dictator taking over?
At this point, is Trump purposely trying to get himself removed from office?
What is the difference between federal, republic and Democratic?
What are push and pull factors for Syrian refugees?
What can be done to ensure that right-wingers or conservatives never get into political power again?
What documents delegate powers to local governments?
When (if ever) will Greece exit the economic crisis? What realistic and doable actions have to be done?
Do you think that North Korea would have at least been half as developed as South Korea had the economic sanctions not been imposed on them?
Can an IAS officer become an efficient political leader?
Will WW3 basically be a war against North Korea?
It seems the only thing members of Congress are truly concerned with is being re-elected, and not their constituent's interest. Is this true?
Did Hitler give Germans "false pride," like how Putin is doing with bold talk of Russian destiny?
Is there a global political movement towards the right to far right given the campaign of Modi in India, Trump in the USA, Marine in France?
How can Rajni change the dynamics of Tamil Nadu politics?
How do you feel about Macron's win in France?
Why is the prime minister in Germany called the "Chancellor"?
Why do dictators tend to pass power to their sons rather than their daughters?
Has communism changed the way you see the world?
Would Distributism be an effective alternative to Capitalism and Socialism/Communism?
Considering Obama's love of Cuba, communism is still okay, so why can't we have fascism?
What do you think of Sima Nan?
On May 18, 2017, Jacques Fresco died. How did global politicians react to this fact?
If you became a ruler of a country, what would your rules and regulations be in your country?
Does the Turkish Prime Minister no longer have any power or meaning?
How could a dictator take power in a previously democratic country with minimal resistance?
What do you think about Kejriwal? Is he really corrupt like other politicians?
Would you approve of a war (maybe political, racial, or economic) between citizens and how would you survive it?
Can alternative science and spirituality change social order and how?
Has there ever been an Italian Prime Minister or President from either Veneto or Friuli Venezia Giulia?
Is it possible for a Senator or Congressman to never meet the president while serving?
How would libertarians get from here to their model society?
Does not having the right to breed and have children enforced by a government seem like a bad idea?
Would you date someone with opposing political views? Is it a deal breaker or irrelevant?
How great of a threat were the countries in Indochina to the US and the West during the Cold War?
What were Margaret Thatcher’s social views?
If there is democracy in the US, why were communists persecuted in the 1940s and 1950s?
Why are our universities​ infected with leftist​ ideology​?
Should a person be able to draw a valid line of distinction between someone else's religion, and how they apply it in a political context?
What's a good way to analyze politics in India?
How does a government regain the trust of its citizens?
What advice do you give to a couple who have opposing political stances which lead to lots of fights?
It’s mid-2017 now. If Trump doesn't run in 2020, which Republican would have the best chance at winning?
What kind of government was there before democracy in India?
What are the norms of conduct of public officials?
When will there be a time when a state or the government issues visas to your country of choice to avoid poverty, unemployment, and prejudice?
Why is it important to know residential mobility patterns?
Who is the most successful political leader of Nepal?
What is the political future of Mamta in West Bengal?
What is your best protest rally experience?
Are "identity politics" more likely to be aspects of left-wing or right-wing parties in the USA?
Would it be an economic and political advantage if neighbours of India consolidate to form a single nation?
Who is the the newly elected president of France?
What are the session dates of all sessions that occurred during the long parliament?
What is the correlation between prosperity of the economy and form of government?
Political parties have the same functions but they do not share the same vision. Why does that happen?
Would Mike Pence, if he didn't become Vice President, have won reelection as Indiana’s Governor?
What is meant by "sovereignty of British Parliament"?
What are the conditions for a country to have a democracy?
Do you ever fantasize about world domination?
If you have interest in politics, can you view my plan for a government set up that would solve most of the world problems and write a comment ?
Would voters be motivated or disheartened to vote for a candidate running in California who had previously worked at the CIA?
What do you think of the class action lawsuits by Sanders supporters accusing the DNC and Hillary of election fraud and paying less than minimum wage?
Is Marine Le Pen and her National Front considered to be a national socialist?
Will an impeached president have his portrait in the hall of presidents?
Why are people claiming the Conservatives have become more right wing?
Do you think Trump practices willful ignorance and selective bias? Can such strategy work as POTUS?
Are there any people who reached incredible success by being a follower and not a leader?
What is the first-past-the-post system?
What would be a new form of ruling other than democracy?
Why is California so democratic-leaning?
Can you call a former president Mr. President?
Which party will you vote for in the 2017 Gujarat election?
Why does Tamilians can't accept Rajinikanth political entry?
For which country would an Indian have a chance to become the prime minister or president in the near future?
In predominantly Muslim countries, are atheists worse off than Christians?
When did the monarchy start to lose power?
What is the best way to approach a career in politics?
Who are the most trustworthy and fair-minded voices in the American political landscape?
Which political parties are good for the country?
How can you run a country without government?
Is there such a thing called a conservative Democrat like a right wing Democrat rather than the left?
What is the logical structural solution to social, economic, environmental, and political problems, injustices, and degradation given a market state?
Why aren’t students in politics? Can’t they manage it?
What is your experience of lobbying for a favor with any of the government?
Some countries have a President as well as a Prime Minister. What are their roles?
Are ex presidents private citizens?
What do you call it when you intentionally bring on an awful representative or a horrible example of an opposing idea in order to strengthen yours?
Frankly speaking, with all the differences in values, who is the world's best leader?
What is the difference between being “anti-political correctness" and being rude?
Why are there political parties? If the major concern of all of them is to just serve the nation and develop it, they can work together.
Are heads of states more than ever puppets to the hidden real deep state power?
Why are the Democrats fighting Trump so hard?
What should we follow on Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha TV for IAS preparation?
Why/how do working class Britons vote for the Tories?
Do you plan on voting or otherwise participating politically when you turn eighteen?
Do Democrats /Liberals want Nuclear War with Russia and kill millions of people? How can democrats/Liberals can be irresponsible?
What are the best sources for unbiased coverage of politics and what makes them so good?
Why are Hollywood types leftist?
What are some news stories that have have been overshadowed by recent events in US politics?
Does double jeopardy apply with a presidential clemency?
Leftists of Quora, what’y your honest opinion of Titoism?
What suggestions can be given to youngsters who want to enter state politics?
Are teenagers born after 2000 increasingly conservative?
Who was the most ideological/idealistic U.S. president and who was the most Machiavellian/opportunist?
Is anarchism distinct from liberalism?
Why didn't our PM Modi utter a word about the person who was beaten by a Shiv Sena politician (the flight incident)?
Which celebrity, with no previous political experience, would you vote for as president?
Who was the first female prime minister in the world?
What would happen if the rest of the world lived like the U.S.?
How can a free democracy protect itself from the deep state?
What else is going on in U.S. politics in May 2017 that prompted Comey to garner such distracting attention?
Why did the “Donald Trump” of Iran with his populist message about Iran "doesn't win anymore" didn't carry him to election victory against centrist?
What is democracy like in the modern world?
In two sentences, what is the difference between liberals and conservatives?
Why is democracy popular?
What is the future of nationalism?
How is the Russian Far Eastern economic region from the perspective of the international political economy?
What would happen if the UK became a Republic, not a monarchy?
What are the best arguments against monarchy?
Is the United Arab Republic achievable today or any time soon?
Why is AK not behaving like an IITian, but rather like a corrupt politician?
In a parliamentary system, why is the "government" considered a separate entity from the parliament?
Are liberals the new facists?
What's the political structure in Brunei?
What/who is the most dangerous group/person in the world?
What was the first form of self-government in the colonies?
From a practical geo-political perspective, should the West put China back under its boot?
To what extent does the executive control the parliament?
Who was the first Canadian president?
Why do Arabs always blame Europeans and Americans for all their problems?
Why do people think it is an utopia to normalize wealth over the people? Shouldn't it be an objective over the long-term?
Is the communist movement based on a philosophy?
Do all British parties use electoral gender quotas?
How does one learn to understand Bloomberg's articles?
Is the government actually taking action on exposes made by Arnab?
Would Brazil have been more politically stable if it had remained a monarchy?
Is it acceptable to abstain from voting?
Why does a country have to be religion-based?
Are people who have traveled a lot in the world less prone to dogmatic beliefs and untruthful propaganda?
When did Communism become the primary ideology of the Democratic Party in America?
Who is better, Ravish Kumar or Arnab Goswami, in terms of raising awareness and having analytical skills?
What happens if much of Chinese money lent to infrastructure projects in developing countries does not pay off, as reflected in the credit ratings?
Is there any correlation between parties within EU (in terms of ideology)? Like what do CDU/CSU in Germany correspond to in Austria/Switzerland/Britain/etc.?
How do Prime Ministers choose people for Cabinet posts?
Is it true that pro right wing Jagmohan ruined the situation of Kashmir and turned the political issue into a religious issue?
What is the real 'political correctness' for American soldiers in their own country?
Why do politics are so boring in the last 30 years?
If you had your own country, how would you design your governmental headquarters?
Do all congressmen need to put down their name when they vote?
Are there any world leaders or former world leaders that use Quora?
Why are Democrats so obsessed with minorities?
Are Republicans in favor of a US oligarchy run by an autocrat, similar to the Russian system?
Why is it so easy to be corrupted by power and what sets apart those who handle power well?
How can the rev-left (anarchism, communism, socialism) defeat the alt-right and other various fascist groups?
Are you sure you are a liberal?
Why do many people claim that Macron will turn France over to German hegemony despite his outspoken criticism of massive German trade surpluses?
Is it worse for the government to limit the number of children a person can have or to force women to carry unwanted pregnancies to term?
Are liberals and their self-interests disbanding the Democratic Party?
Are the overly politically correct a threat to Western civilization?
How can I become a political scientist in a country like India? What does a political scientist do?
How did medieval historians view the democracies and republics of the classical world?
Why are people saying that the Democratic party is currently experiencing an "identity crisis"? Is the GOP not also experiencing an identity crisis?
Do the same rules still apply in US politics? Is some dirt in the closet enough to end someone's political career, as it was before?
What are some bills being debated in congress?
Is there anyone who voted conservative in 2015 and Leave in the 2016 referendum who is thinking of voting other than Conservative on June 8th, 2017?
Could Tony Blair hypothetically become prime minister again if he were to return to politics?
Could now-former FBI Director James Comey run for president in 2020?
What will be the condition if educated youths jump towards politics?
What are the causes of the rise of rebirth of nationalism in America and some European nations?
When will liberals stop lying?
How can a government strategically change the mentality of its people in the hopes of sustainable development without being socialist?
What is the name of the Pakistan prime minister today?
Is the U.P. chief minister married?
Why is Russia a failed state despite all the resources available to its people to build a prosperous economy?
What is your view about the Indian politics?
What will happen if Mueller's investigation shows that Trump is innocent, regardless of whether Trump's campaign officials are shown to be innocent?
Is it irony that Trump's catchphrase was "You're Fired" before becoming POTUS and as POTUS he has fired so many people?
How does Iran vote?
Would a dictator help a western country at the present time?
Is the party affiliation of tellers at polling stations a good clue if one wants to know how to vote tactically?
Do socialist/communist countries usually have cult-like leaders? If so, why?
Why is it so important to build an organisational structure for any political party?
In the UK, how is a sitting Member of Parliament deselected by his or her party?
Do you support street politics and have some relevant experiences?
Why don't countries throw dice to select politicians?
What would happen if the EU were to unify into a single nation?
Was using Patton as a decoy during the Normandy invasion a strategic decision or a political one?
What is the influence of the National Emergency proclamation (Article 352 )?
Socialists have been at work for about 100 years. Where is the socialist paradise?
What is the meaning of council of minister?
Can you argue Marxism vs libertarianism as objective as possible, with points made that showcase understanding for both?
Why do people keep posting political rubbish on Facebook?
Did Prince Phillip pass away, or is the news of his death a hoax?
Who is the prime minister of Brazil?
How can an act of parliament be repealed?
What is your view on RSS prescribing fair, tall ‘customised’ babies? Is this dystopia in the womb?
Why do Tamilians don't want Rajinikanth in politics?
Why do politicians say that the American soldiers are fighting for their country, when in fact, they are inside someone else's country?
What is the best party system?
What new ways of organizing society would historians expect to see after secular democracy?
What is the “country: president: : state: governor” type of question called?
What does my political compass say about me?
Should we give anything that is made of atoms equal rights and the right to vote?
What are the differences between neo-Nazis and National Socialists?
Why is there a rise of right-wing populism in the world?
What is the good thing from Marxism?
Can you list things that I can protest about?
Which country best represents the Democratic vision for America?
Would solving court cases become easy if, a lie detecting machine, truth serums, a psychologist and a hypnotist are present during a court hearing?
Why do people generally vote for people who probably don't serve their best self-interest?
Is Venezuela a socialist or communist country?
What is the political situation world wide?
If Trump were to resign, would the "Resist" movement target Pence next and refuse to cooperate with him as well?
If a superhero/ine could become your country's President/PM, who would you vote for?
Is it legal or illegal to move plants from one state to another?
Can I file a PIL against the party based democracy and its working by giving my views that partyless democracy works better?
What is the common man's opinion of Lalu Prasad Yadav? Is he really a corrupt person, or is that a media creation?
What would the UK be like under a Green Party government?
Can the egoist/individualist anarchism of Max Stirner be considered closer to a national-anarchism than to a traditional left anarchism?
What factors is much likely to change the party systems?
Have there ever been any witches in politics?
Is it possible for a centrist party to develop in the USA?
How does Scandanavian-style socialism differ from the communism we've seen in Venezuela?
Was Deputy AG Rosenstein made aware of a recording of the meeting between Comey and Trump?
Why is it that in politics, avid supporters of politicians think they speak for most people?
What influence does the government have on SMEs?
To what extent did the British establishment fear the spread of communism in the 1920s?
What's the security for political parties in India if they fail in elections?
Do I need to use all boxes when voting in STV (preferential voting) system elections?
If Trump nominated Abraham Lincoln as Director of the FBI or to the Supreme Court, would there be strong resistance?
How has mankind acquired the authority to conquer nations in order to "civilize" indigenous people? Does politics define morality and goodness?
Do politicians know economics?
Which political parties are pro points-based immigration in the UK?
Which political issues are most important to you and how would you fix them?
What is significance of the Erdogan regime in the context of world politics?
Why do so many Brits still idolise an archaic monarchy?
Why are the politicians demonizing Russia? Doesn't that increase the risk of WWIII?
How public opinion, influenced by the media are threat to democracy?
What criticisms of your political party are actually valid?
Will Western democracies ever cease to exist due to shifting attitudes and values?
How can a young adult start volunteering for a political party?
What is the best way to be elected president or prime minister as an independent?
Why are European Politicians younger than American Politicians?
How can I give an unbiased opinion?
Is martial law bad (I'm asking this since our country declared martial law about an hour ago)?
In what major countries, if any, can a non-native (someone born outside the nation) be elected to the office of president?
Which books should a person with a sheer interest in politics read?
How do leaders who are perceived as 'enemies', know that they won't be arrested when they visit western countries?
Will artificial Intelligence ever be used to create harmony amongst mankind?
What can we expect from Rajnikant being in politics?
Which country do you think has the best political system that has contributed significantly to its progress and why?
What would happen if a world government declared a nation’s government so corrupt it was found to be "Criminally Insane"?
What are some lies told by conservatives?
Is it just a coincidence that "conservatives" who buy into the right wing alternate realities also reject science in favor of faith?
Does Tucker Carlson wear a toupee/head piece?
Why is it a big deal for Congress to use its subpoena power?
Would countries do better having a single leader system instead of having a parliament which can't agree on anything?
How would an anarchist society respond to a military invasion?
What is the distinct difference between centralisation and bureaucracy in terms of the Modern State?
What is civil religion?
What are some examples of centrifugal and centripetal federations?
Do you know any good (long) background story articles on the current corruption scandals and political crisis in Brazil (Petrobras, Odebrecht)?
Why can’t India have only the president, thereby we can reduce corruption from so called big political parties?
Adityanath is already a CM, so why is he contesting elections (by polls) to enter the Assembly?
Without using EVM's, how can elections be conducted in fair manner?
Why did the coup happen in Egypt? Wasn’t Morsi a chosen leader?
What are the changes today's government has brought in our country?
How do left political parties finance themselves around the world?
As an ethnic minority voter, which party do you support?
Who is the most corrupt politician in Andhra Pradesh?
What politician is similar to Duplessis?
Why has political speech become so hateful and divisive, and why has real tolerance become so rare (yet constantly preached)?
What is the reason behind the world’s political scenarios taking a right-wing turn, from the USA to India and maybe France in near future?
Why does Quora even get into political questions? They always devolve into partisan opinion and usually troll to the left.
Why, when they talk about socialism, do libertarians ignore nations in the EU and elsewhere?
Can ex presidents refuse secret service protection?
How do politics affect international business?
Why are Indian political parties so prone to factionalism?
How much alcohol would one have to consume to die of alcohol poisoning?
What is your view on recent college protests?
Is it legally count as a crime if an American obtained a Cuban cigar not by purchasing it but given to him free from a person from there?
How is federalism practiced?
Has our judiciary hanged any politician till today?
What can I do after graduating with a master’s in international political economy?
Do you think Twitter India is biased against the right wing?
Will Sally Yates run for office?
How did the very decadent classical arts thrive under the communist regime in the USSR? I thought the communists detested such nicer things in life.
How did extreme nationalism lead to an age of dictatorship?
I'm a liberal social worker and I got a paper cut at work, should I sue the Russians?
Why doesn't Tulsi Gabbard go back to India and do politics, and leave the presidency to real Americans?
What is the difference between a parliament and a cabinet?
Which are some good books to help me understand 'the Right Wing', books which truly explain it?
What is the closest example to capitalist anarchism, and what are the arguments for it?
Will there be a separatist movement in Maharashtra and Karnataka in the near future?
Was Schubert politically active?
Do ex-presidents miss being president?
My political science teacher told me that socialism initially runs well, but the countries practicing it will eventually fail. Is this true and why?
What is left ideology?
What is your personal approach to globalisation, and do you think that globalisation is mostly positive or negative?
How can I get involved politically as a teenager in Canada?
Why is there so much falsehood regarding rights, or perhaps is the term ‘Gun deaths’ a distraction from far more important real issues?
Is it true that Democrats are tough on cops, soft on crime?
Why are patriotic people considered Right Wingers in India?
If true Socialism has never been implemented, as many Socialists say, isn't it a huge coincidence that all governments that tried to implement it failed?
What will be the political future of Tamil Nadu?
Why is World Economic Forum at Davos so good at honoring corrupt leaders to speak at their summit, such as Toledo who is on the run from Interpol?
How can a measure (like the AHCA) pass the House with only 217 votes? Should it have passed with 218, or is there some other majority rule in place?
Will U.S. voting districts ever be fairly redrawn, and also allow appropriate minority representation, without favoring or disadvantaging either party?
What would happen if children from 10 years and up were given the right to vote?
What are some things that regular citizens do, but not communists?
How do I find good politicians?
How do government officials keep straight what is and isn't classified when addressing the press?
What are the different forms of government around the world?
Is the statement of Kumar Vishwas against the AAP is correct? Is there any political agenda behind it?
If socialism and communism are somewhat similar, why has socialism succeeded but communism failed?
Has the representative democracy failed in America?
Will the new FBI director reopen the investigation against Hillary Clinton? Is an indictment likely?
Why is Jon Ossoff such a war hawk?
What does Cambridge Analytica do?
What are the pros and cons of meeting the president?
Can I go into Architecture and still become a politician or the president of a country?
What tips would you give for a guy who is going to have sexual intercourse for the first time?
What would be the immediate reaction from people if there was a mass murderer that murdered everyone in Congress/Parliament?
Which is better, Pure Communism or Pure Capitalism?
Why do you support President Duterte?
How can I meet the transport minister of Center/Haryana or Delhi?
Is Donald Trump a good leader?
Will the anti-defection law apply to MPs and MLAs expelled from their parties?
What does "when a leader speaks, that leader dies" mean?
Which is the last political murder in Kerala?
Why do people call me "liberal" when I make comments in defense against prejudice remarks?
Why are the United Nations agency directors politically appointed?
Can a Vice President be removed from office?
Can Sharia be imposed in our secular Indian democracy by any political party?
Can you imagine being in a corruption free nation? How does it feel?
If a person is acting President during a president's first term and becomes president 2 years into the second term, can they be elected twice?
Who should I support, the Sasikala faction or the Ops faction?
How can elections be hacked? What happened to people’s votes?
Is capitalism the invisible monarchy?
What do conservative voters think about the health care cuts in Trumpcare that will put money back in rich people's pockets?
Why didn't state socialism work?
What are the the duties of the majority whip?
Why do we avoid political facts and viewpoints that contradict our own? Why are honest, formal debates so rare nowadays?
In regards to Robert Dahl's requirements of a large-scale democracy, what is meant by "associational autonomy" and "inclusive citizenship"?
Is it still OK for a Muslim man (me) and his wife to move to London considering the current situation? Will we be welcomed?
Could the House/Senate block a party/person from voting?
Who is the best politician that modern day Indian people have ever seen?
Will machine learning and AI make democracy obsolete?
What's the difference between a military dictatorship and a fascist or communist state?
What is left and right wing in Indian politics?
If you could live without the government bothering you, how would you choose to live?
Why do some groups of people hate politics and hesitate to vote?
County government is made up of what?
Why can't anyone file a case against Digvijaya Singh for sedition?
Why aren't more political parties multinational?
How can we get more liberals to move to swing states?
What are the proper functions of governments?
What are some examples of political corruption in the U.S.?
Who is the most badass politician ever?
Who are the list of candiates of the election 2016 and what party is far right and racist?
Should more politicians worldwide join Quora?
What do progressives think of Rob Weir’s answer to “Why is the Libertarian philosophy unpopular?”
What would happen if Kim Jong Un converted to Islam?
Is the USA experiencing a test period of democracy, and freedom that might mean, the end to democracy in the world because media has been taken over?
What is the difference between institution and organization?
What happened to all of Marine Le Pen's support in the second round?
Canada is the oldest continuous democracy. What can countries who try to build democratic institutions learn from the Canadian experience?
What causes Socialists to want to implement Socialism?
What’s your largest criticism with regard to far-right capitalism?
What are some politically incorrect things I shouldn't say when visiting the USA?
Who is the most famous British politician of all time?
What will China do if Vietnam renames itself as China?
Has there ever been a benevolent dictator who made their country better without exploiting the nation's wealth for personal gain?
What is the purpose of censorship in China?
What are the salient features of democracy?
What is your view on ICJ's verdict on former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav? Is it a major setback for Pakistan in the global arena?
Is Arvind Kejriwal the only honest politician present in Indian politics at the moment?
How do you define good corruption vs. bad corruption?
If Dwayne "The Rock" really does run for president as an independent candidate, are Americans ready to vote for someone not from a major party?
Do you agree that Donald Trump and Saudi Prince Salman are the most dangerous men in the world & they are meeting this Sunday to declare war on Iran?
How can one best determine the likelihood that politicians will govern well, whatever their political persuasions?
What is inherent flame?
What if politicians were fined every time they lied in public?
Why are the French stereotyped as being cowards who surrender all the time?
Do modern Vietnamese like communism?
Who is the most powerful living person most people have never heard of?
Can everyone express their opinions about the political leaders on social media? What should you do when you get arrested, since section 66 is not valid anymore?
What kind of pictures do you see in your media about your own and others’ countries, when it comes to information about a political decision?
Why do people talk of democracy as if it's infallible, and the solution to every political issue in the world?
Who is the best politician in Andhra Pradesh?
Should Iran and Azerbaijan be close to each other?
Should I quit my job if it was at a corrupt government in a corrupt country?
How accurate was the account of the early development of the Bradley Fighting Vehicle as depicted in the HBO film, The Pentagon Wars?
Why are all of the Indian parties still interested in vote politics whether in the name of Ambedkar, religion, or Pakistan but not in the name of development?
What is democracy? What are two features of democracy?
How is Macron both social liberal and neoliberal?
What are they chanting when the 'Supreme Leader' casts his vote in the election? Why do they do so?
How can a politician who didn't win the election still become a minister in the government?
What Are Some differences Between Mutualism and Anarcho-Communism?
Was Rome a dictatorship?
What do Putin supporters think of the Holocaust? How about Assad's crematorium?
Why don't some people tweet about politics or news?
Why is popular fiction dismissed as socially and politically conservative? How is it socially & politically conservative? Why might others disagree?
Which congresspeople voted against the Saving American Democracy Amendment?
Could the European political map change in the next 50 years?
What does Kapil Mishra want to show by showing two blank cheques without dates in front of media?
Do you believe Indyref2 should take place?
If the citizenry is getting more politically disengaged in Western societies, why don't states implement mandatory voting?
Who is the greatest political leader alive?
In what way has the federal superstate structure of the USA contributed to the development of its current political and economic dominance?
Can you give me an unbiased view of politics within the UK?
How politically disturbing is the One Piece world?
What are the main principles of the constitution?
What characterises a populist politician from a non populist one?
Should Karnataka state be split?
What are the main reasons why most of Vietnamese don't speak up against their corrupted inefficient government even though they are fed up with it?
How do Super PACs affect elections?
Is there a politically neutral German news portal?
Why doesn't Trump advocate for campaign finance reform, condensing the election calendar, or electoral reform?
I am socially conservative and economically moderate. Which party (or candidate) should I support?
Is the world moving back to the pre-1980s era, where individual capabilities, not national politics, govern progress?
Does the British Prime Minister have a nuclear "football" like the US President?
Take all the former presidents. Now, choose your president, VP, and cabinet? Who did you choose for each position, and why?
How, why, when, and who started the concept of politics in the world that has existed since ancient times? What is the history and origin of politics?
Is anyone concerned that democracy is falling down to communism and is being sold away by a 'die-hard' capitalist? For example, Putin and the KGB defending the USA?
To what country are US Senate democrats loyal exactly?
How do bureaucrats keep their political affiliation away from motivating or impeding their work depending on the political party in power?
Is a watchdog entity that exposes the abuses of power, corruption, fraud, government waste, etc. on a global scale any less valuable than Deep Throat?
Is Indian politics becoming BJP and anti BJP political parties rather than policy based political parties? Why?
What is religion’s role in politics?
What are the approaches of political geography?
Is there an example in the world of a people's assembly? Are there countries who let the people truly participate in the political debate?
Why don’t Indian politicians question their low salaries?
How do most of the people speak about the ruling party, whatever party is in power?
Why is there the arrears system? Is there any better system than that?
Does the imposition of prerequisites imposed on candidates influence a state?
What is the relationship between the press and democracy?
What did you get on the 8values GitHub test?
What is a non-territorial nation?
Why are socially conservative parties still around in the 21st century?
What is a politically unbiased Quoran's definition of the alt-right?
Whom would you prefer, a corrupt but competent politician or an honest but incompetent one?
What powers would political Viagra provide?
Has the internet broken or revived democracy? Will the next American president be Caitlin, Oprah, Kanye or Ivanka? And is it good or bad?
Does a political party and their candidate have separate policies?
Is there space for parties, other than at DMK and AIADMK in Tamil Nadu politics?
Can there be an institution which is truly unbiased in a democratic state?
What do you know or think about Nigerian government and the governed?
Who is it exactly that's controlling our political parties from behind the scenes, to our detriment?
You're a dictator (benevolent or otherwise) who has just achieved world domination. What are the first 100 days in power like?
What is the difference between the power of a Prime Minister and a President in India, when a big decision should be made?
Why are GOP politicians so tribalist?
How could I use the Corpus of Contemporary American English to do my BA research in linguistics about politically correct language?
Has any political party or leader raised any voice against reservation till today?
Would you rather have real political power but be relatively poor or be ridiculously rich and have no political power?
What is it about being a liberal that is wrong?
Is being a young Conservative in your country as unfashionable as it is in the UK?
Would having 18-30-year-old people in government leadership roles benefit a nation?
Which country was the first to have a democracy?
Can a convicted politician/MP/MLA hold the office?
What is the Marxian perspective on political obligation?
Has any large democratic country industrialized as fast as China?
Is Ukraine a fascist country?
Why do Western powers allow China to seize more and more world wealth?
Who was the first chief minister of UP?
What resources would you recommend to an NRI to understand Indian politics properly?
What would happen if President Maduro was removed from power by rebels during a coup? Would there be big changes?
Why do liberals play identity politics?
Is there any other major political party in the world that denies climate change like Republicans?
Were the EVM tempered in the last UP election?
Why is the USA such a violent place compares to the other established democracies?
What would happen if someone under the age of eligibility for the Presidency is elected and their Vice-President is also under said age?
Why are liberals so fat?
Is it true that those who complain most about political correctness are already insensitive people in the first place?
Will the cold war the U.S. has with North Korea turn into a hot one sometime soon?
Is it true that Jill Stein was caught loading ballot boxes on a plane to Russia, presumably to be tampered with?
What does “federal state” mean in politics?
Why are politicians usually not the most intelligent and wisest people, but somehow manage to represent the population’s interests?
Who has maximum power in an Indian democracy?
Why do so many politicians say they hate politics?
How and why has Arvind Kejriwal changed?
Is there a way to request police reports regarding unwarranted visits to my place of residence due to my political opinions and outspoken nature?
Has there ever been a truly successful absolute monarchy?
Why can't Tamilnadu accept Rajini as a politician?
What are the concurrent functions of a local government?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, and communism doesn't give any motivation to the people, is it still a good idea?
How can voters get incumbents out of office if gerrymandering practically guarantees their re-election?
Is monarchy a better form of government for a country like India?
How do governments compete?
How can I convince supporters of a corrupt political party that they are supporting the wrong party?
How does someone build up a political profile?
How can I better understand politics, and become more confident towards it rather then shying away at all costs?
To ensure an awesome Malaysia in the long run, what is the best voting strategy for Malaysians for the incoming election?
What are the major differences between leftist, rightist and centrist politics and their ideologies?
How is the election date declared?
Why do so many leftists and neocons think they are being clever by insulting the "other side" in a question?
Is it possible to impeach Trump and those who will replace him until the next election?
Is there a conservative agenda at Bethune-Cookman University?
How important is the development of Athenian democracy?
What are some dark secrets or things about the United States?
In UK politics, can anyone explain each of the parties' values in simple terms?
Why do most Indian politicians abuse others’ religion? Why don't they talk about how they can develop the nation?
Can good governance exist with populism and clientelism?
Is the sentiment against Hindi in TN maintained primarily by Dravidian parties to keep away national parties entering or gaining seats in Tamil Nadu?
Is Nepal a socialist state?
Would people vote for a person with Asperger’s for president?
What is controversy behind Rajinikanth political entry?
Are left-wing protesters on the streets actually violent people as well?
What should be done, but can’t realistically be done, by politics and governments?
Do you think the right wing elements are pretty much ingrained in the system and create havoc whenever they want, and nobody can touch them?
Who is one of the sincere MPs in the Indian parliament?
If you are given an opportunity to become a CM, what changes will you bring to your state?
Who has the power in communism?
What if Hilter successfully ruled the world?
Are Mexico and New Spain considered as one country, or share the same equal political ideology? What is the cause?
Have the political ideas a genetic foundation?
What do South Africans think of Jacob Zuma?
Why does a President who has won a second term get inaugurated a second time? Wouldn't it save money not to have to pay for a second inauguration?
Is a democratic republic the best form of government?
What is “politics”? How can politics be a part of the process of conciliation of the interests in a society?
If you could go back in time and shoot Karl Marx, would you do it?
Who is responsible for the birth of ISIS without getting muddled in partisan politics?
Should a government force women to have an abortion if the country is going through severe droughts and famine and can't afford to care and feed it?
Can Tunisian democracy survive Islamism?
What type of government does Bhutan have?
Did Erdogan offer Trump to enter Raqqa with the Turkish military to prevent SDF from doing it?
Do any scientists feel the need to go into politics given the prevalence of ideologues and scientifically illiterate policy makers?
How should I go about becoming the first dictator of Canada?
Which of the following forms of organization is the most democratic?
Can you justify weighted voting in a democratic system?
Is the world enjoying as they watch America decline and fall?
Why do the opinions of people like Cho Ramaswamy or S. Gurumurthy matter a lot in Indian politics? Is it because they are journalists?
How would a country ruled entirely by a bank, (not secretly) look like?
Do we need a universal goverment?
Is solving a political problem with technology solution-EVMs the answer in the case of Botswana?
Do the existence and effects of political parties limit analytical and independent thinking among party members?
What is a counterargument to "money spent on defence should be reinvested into health and education"?
How was life in the Victorian era for an ordinary person? The aspects I'm asking about are political, social, economical, and religious.
Why are Turkey’s diplomats instigating violence in foreign countries, like the US and the Netherlands?
Is Singapore a social democracy?
Why are both the far right and far left so authoritarian?
What is your opinion on political leaders around the world?
What are some good ideas for encouraging folks to vote for candidates based more on their individual merits and less on their party affiliations?
Why does the election campaign stop 48 hours before voting?
Are there any rankings of British MP's by their voting record like the American Conservative Union does for members of Congress?
Should an independent tribunal decide on the Brexit bill?
Do you have to get any university degrees to be the Australian Prime Minister?
Can a country be a monarchy and a republic?
Can I get in legal trouble if I make a mobile game ripping off politicians, with the intention to generate revenue?
Should it, theoretically, be expected that people have different political views? Why?
What's China political system? How well is it working for people?
Should the Middle East countries stand together? How?
Why do the USA and Russia continue their little Cold War games while they ignore China stealing the world?
Is it possible to reduce the level of gamesmanship and deceit in politics, or will human nature always create mendacious operators called politicians?
Are Iranians better or worse off under Islamic regime than under Shah today?
What would be the likely result of a referendum in Nigeria on the subject of each Geo-political zone breaking away from the country?
Is it merely a coincidence that Japan and South Korea are the most developed non-western countries and the US has the biggest military bases there?
What are the definition of politics, government, and political science?
What would America be like under the leadership of Smedley Butler and a fascist government?
What are some of the media houses that are not influenced by any powerful individual or organisation?
Are democracy, secularism, equality, GLBT rights compatible with Islam?
What are some examples of political risks?
How is political risk measured?
Does the son of a politician have the right to run in an election?
What are the political factors in the auto industry?
What event inspired you to adapt your political ideology(s)?
What would someone need to do to gain a lot of power over many different countries?
How much power would Russia have, now or in the past, if the West didn’t take the actions it did in the Cold War?
What would cause identity politics and privilege theory to fall out of popularity?
Why do people keep saying communism murdered so many people?
Do high-up politicians with degrees, diplomas, etc, look down on other politicians who don't hold degrees?
Is Viktor Orban a dictator?
Which Political Party Leader would you most like to go have a pint with?
Is Social Democracy a branch of capitalism or socialism?
Why aren't Trump supporters demanding an independent investigation of allegations against him?
Is the West standing still in the fight against ISIS?
Which country has the most diverse political elite?
What are the essential features of Marxism?
Why do liberals lie so much?
What world view or system of government did the Enlightenment challenge or support?
What happens if no parties can agree on a governing coalition in Germany?
What is the most insincere argument you have seen being made against libertarianism?
Does the greed for power start from our own homes? If yes, then why do we blame politics or politicians for internal or international disturbances?
What's the reason behind extremism or specifically political extremism?
Are non-partisan elections good for democracy?
At the moment, the political situation in Brazil poses great difficulties involving corruption in all political levels. What would be a good solution?
How can a grassroots poor person start a popular movement and become president?
What are the possibilities of one nation's political party infiltrating another country?
Who arranges the meetings between leaders of different countries?
Is communism considered a cult? Am I considered part of it?
What are some countries that were first in the world for many things?
The English language has a great deal of influence on global politics and business today. Is that because of the USA or the British Empire?
Is there any book to know how American political system works?
Does the fact that Reagan swept his presidential election prove that swing states aren't everything in a presidential race?
How can Britain have a democracy despite the fact that it doesn't have a constitution?
Partisan politics and Trump are clearly hurting the prestige of the world's lead country, the USA. How do you see that ever turning around?
Why do people now identify as a political entity rather than as a rational human with many views, some liberal, some conservative, some absurd?
Did France write its own death note by not electing Marine Le Pen in the recent French election?
Is there any democratic election that produced monarchs or dictators?
Will Germany accept Macron's ambitions for the completion of the banking union, a eurozone finance minister and the issuance of joint bonds?
How do Libertarians respond to the idea that a libertarian society is far too Utopian?
What do people mean when they say becoming a military general is "political"?
What indirect benefit do political parties get from the President (as they are so keen to bring the President of their choice)?
Currently, what are the most important states?
What do you think of the current global wave on ultra-conservatism?
Should Iran demand that the Republic of Azerbaijan change its name as Greece did to Macedonia (F.Y.R.M.)?
What happens when the annual budget is not passed by the state legislature?
What is the current French political situation?
Why are communists in India always anti-Hindu? Does communism mean anti-nationalism?
Who is the most stylish politician?
Under which article of the Indian constitution does it say the president can nominate 12 members of Rajya Sabha and 2 members of Lok Sabha?
Who got this crazy idea to separate the world in nation states?
Why would Trump eliminate the AMT as well as state/local tax deductions?
Who is the most far-right Republican politician?
Why did European countries develop much faster than Asian countries in last 5 centuries?
What are the advantages and pitfalls of nationalisation? Why do governments do it?
Does MLA have power to inspect police station if he is not a minister?
Is the USA in the middle of a cold civil war?
What does the recent centrist win in France depict for Eurozone's economy?
Can anyone share an incident, involving an Indian politician, that shows his/her incorruptible nature?
Could Marine Le Pen have planned the terrorist Attack on April 20, 2017 to get to the 2nd round?
Are left liberals most hypocritical people in the world?
Who told Gordon Miller that India is politically unstable, currupt and has infrastructure issues?
Can India's domestically built fighter jet Tejas, bring down China's domestically built civilian airliner C919?
If majority can't decide what is discriminatory towards minorities, how should such discriminations be legislatively defined in a democratic state?
How can I become a politician without money and degree?
Would the American government be better off if you could vote for more than one person who was running (e.g., if I could vote for Gary Johnson and Rand Paul)?
How do I stop communism?
Was Algeria’s Prime Minister (not President) democratically elected?
Did French President Emmanuel Macron's wife have an affair with a 15 year old student and leave her husband & kids when she was 40 to be with him?
What is a combination party in government?
Can you question/trust the agencies under the democratic rule?
What do foreign socialists and communists think about China?
Why is it important to apply the democratic principles to the governance of corporations?
Why do socialist governments degenerate into corruption?
Can a coup d'etat happen to oust Trump?
How did Britain, France, and Spain go from running world-spanning empires to decolonizing?
In their final hours, the last two humans are reflecting, what would they say to each other?
Does President Trump pick his press secretary based on whether Melissa McCarthy can play them on SNL?
How would you responded to a Kanye West presidency, if he actually wins in the 2020 elections?
Why do people vote for the same parties, even when it is not in their self interest?
What is worse: religious (non-political) terrorism, or political (non-religious) terrorism?
What would you give up if you had to, the right to vote or social media?
According to Awdhesh Singh, which is better, communism or democracy?
Are Quiverfull Christians a threat to democracy? After generations of exponential population, could they overwhelm ballots and institute theocracy?
Are there any Spanish political highlights which distinguish Spanish from other countries and why?
What will happen if youths step into politics?
Why do people always bring up bread lines when discussing the USSR and not the gulags or the posters saying "remember it’s wrong to eat your child"?
How do people who work for corrupted governments steal money? Is it so easy?
Do political parties in the US release manifestos?
How can I fight against the administration?
What are the changes in the world’s political scenario across the last century from India’s point of view?
Is it important for comedy to be politically correct?
Are the personalities of high elected officials similar to those of kings and queens even if they don't hold the position for life?
Are democrats really just mad at Russia for giving up on communism?
How is liberal Houston able to thrive in anti-urban right wing Texas?
Who is the prime minister of the USA?
Who is the present president of the USA?
What is non-territorial federalism?
Will Mike Pence be incriminated in the Russian investigation?
What are some petitions to nominate candidates?
Could the U.K. turn into a federal monarchy, given its current situation in politics?
What would a global society be like with a hybrid of the best ideals of both capitalism and communism & a value system with worth based individually?
Why does the West try implementing democracy in other countries despite that solution being bad for the target?
Is Trump pressing people to believe everything he has done is correct?
Do political leaders with children take more wise decisions when they impact the future of the world than those who don't have ones?
Are there any countries that we know were directly influenced by Vietnam's fall to communism (i.e. those countries also fell to communism)?
Which is better, democracy or monarchy?
What would you do if Milo Yiannopoulos was staying in your home for three weeks?
Should American children be taught about communism and democracy, and be allowed the free will to choose for themselves?
How good is Bocconi's program in international politics and government?
How do you start a political action committee?
Is Will Randall a Republican or Democratic?
What is your critique of every political party?
How would the world react if Trump was reelected?
What are the points of Indian politician Seeman are correct, wrong, practical and impractical?
Why is fascism rising in the Netherlands?
What will happen if India becomes a Communist state?
Even though American children learn how to hate Communism, should they still learn democracy vs communism and have free will to decide for themself?
Which is a better ideology, true Communism (not dictator communism) or Capitalism?
What does “binding vote” mean?
What causes most corruption in politics?
Do you think the revival of "classical" liberalism will succeed?
What would Trump need to do in order to get his base to second guess their support?
What do you recommend for an American teen who wants to go into politics?
After a president is done with his 2 terms, can he still serve in a lower level position like a cabinet member, or is his political career over?
Do you think politics works in offices and undeserving candidates get more advantages ?
How and why has Ireland become more liberal?
Why is the division of races and religions as important as the division of labor?
Why do some people equate apostasy to treason when religions and nation states are different things?
How are former heads of state, Joseph Estrada and Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, still able to garner relevant seats in politics despite their past misdeeds and criminal conviction?
Why are radical feminists called liberals when they don't like freedom of speech?
What is global governance 2025?
Why are there so few monarchies in the world today?
Does Gordon Miller fund political parties?
Who are more diplomatic & shrewd: businessmen or politicians?
At Eurovision 2017 (last night), did the German host raise the Nazi salute just before voting?
What have to be done to make the Vietnamese politics more interesting?
What is a local election?
Why is it that people are so put off by others with differing views, i.e. politics, religion, sexual preference, etc.?
How can a socialist state be defined?
How realistic is the idea of the United States of Europe?
Why did the CIA support a coup in Brazil in the 60s that overthrew a democratic regime?
How can you make a better government system than the best ones in the world today?
What is the public affairs index?
Why is the BJP silent over the dirty politics of Mamta Banerjee?
What are the major changes that might be made in the government's policy if the opposition were to win the 14th Malaysian general election?
Will all the politicians in India join once together?
Is it true that "Americans never seem to appreciate patriotism in foreigners"? If there is some truth to this, then why would that be?
Has political discourse gotten out of control?
How could Jeremy Corbyn win the election?
What could be the outcome of not participating in the election?
What are political emblems?
Are there leaks in the Saudi Royal Court?
Who were the left wing presidents since 1900?
How does the French political system work?
How can I get involved in politics at the age of 14-15?
How is democratic socialism different to democracy?
What is your stance on the Confederate Flag?
Is opinion about whether DC should be a state driven completely by party affiliation?
What is the difference between center right and center left politics?
How can the movie Waar be related to the underlying political scenarios in Pakistan?
What are the most important political issues that aren't getting enough attention?
Why is the male versus female argument getting more bitter with every passing day?
Would a government kill its own people to score political points in an electoral race?
What is the best history of the communist insurgency in Malaysia from the Communist point of view?
What is a federal system of government and what are some examples?
Should uninformed people vote?
Can a country's political parties be streamlined or reduced?
What is the meaning of morality in Indian politics?
Could someone get in legal trouble if they bred a plant that has the same effects as an illegal drug?
Given the tumultuous political and social climate, is the U.S. headed toward a revolution?
Does an outgoing chief whip hand over his 'black book of secrets' to his replacement assuming they're both in the same political party?
Why don't the opposition join hands in finding solutions to problems rather than criticising the ruling governments?
Is this type of federalism practicable in Nepal?
Has political correctness gone mad?
Why is the media biased against Donald Trump?
Is democracy a purely Western innovation?
Why are African governments mostly corrupt?
Why was President Trump given such a warm and grand welcome compared to Obama, by the Saudi government?
What is the pay for cheerleaders?
Why do Bhakts shamelessly criticise the actions of other political parties when BJP has been doing the same?
Which party should win the Karachi elections?
Do most people in your country lean Conservative or Liberal on social policies?
What is the best photograph of government corruption?
If you had a chance, whom would you have elected as India's new President?
How did American and Soviet democracy differ?
What kind of political views does Dwayne Johnson have?
How are populism and nationalism related?
Will it be better if Rajinikanth stays away from politics?
Could we resolve majority of the worlds problems If we were able to shrink ourselves down (like honey I shrunk the kids style)?
Can you accurately call globalisation a form of colonialism?
What is the critical political theory?
Who are the ministers changed currently or newly elected?
Are you tired of false equivalence arguments by Kremlin trolls arguing that liberal democracy is just as bad as Putin's corrupt kleptocratic regime?
Had Prachanda (Pushpa Kamal Dahal) been good for Nepal as a Prime Minister?
What do you think about Ahok's decision to remove himself from the world of politics?
What was life like in Hong Kong for average people during British rule in the 1970s, 80s, and 90s? How was it most different from life today?
Can someone give reasons to vote for NOTA?
If an election were held today in Germany, Merkel would win. Why would the average German vote for her after what she did?
What is Noam Chomsky's view on free market?
What was Gandhi’s mission in the politics and culture of India?
How can I be a rich and powerful person in a corrupt society?
If supported by the majority of the British population, could there again be an absolute monarchy in the United Kingdom?
What is the Marthi meaning of “prime minister” in a minimum 5 of words?
How could RNC politicians be so ignorant about the effects of overpriced health care?
If being liberal means being open, and generally tolerant, why do so many people ask why "liberals" are so intolerant?
Are there any political science books which are only about political strategies?
What happens if ministers do not work?
Would BJP have won in UP had they declared Yogi Adityanath as CM candidate before the elections?
What does Christianity have to do with promoting the coal and oil industry?
How does politics affect educational development in India?
Considering the notion of democracy, why was Lincoln justified in preventing the South from voluntarily seceding?
Why does everyone become corrupted in nowadays?
Can/Will America's academic elite ever be reconciled with the typical midwestern American?
Did the Trump supporters who voted for him and supported him really believe on election eve that he would win?
What is the difference between politics and law?
What is community government?
Which country is the most repressive and least democratic, Iran or Saudi Arabia?
Why, in politics, did the right become left and the left became right so many times? What is really left and right in politics?
How close is the world to a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario at this moment in time?
What is the difference between right and far right government/media? Similarly, what is the difference between left and far left?
What are the side-effects of liberty and freedom?
Is democracy really good? What kind of other systems can we implement?
Why do people block for political reasons?
Who is the least educated president in the world?
What is the best type of government rather than democracy?
Is it wrong that I'm intrigued by facism?
What is the link between Neo-liberalism and capitalism?
Did John Howard's leadership move Australia's political scene to the right, or did it successfully stop Pauline Hanson from becoming prime minister?
What is the meaning of “members present and voting” in the special majority case of voting?
What is one political opinion that you refuse to tolerate?
PM Modi said that state elections should be merged with general elections. Is it possible as it can be unfair to recently elected state governments?
Is demonetisation a boon or a bane?
Is it worth replying to Bhakts or they should be left on their own fate?
Constitutionally, can the states adopt whatever voting system they please (e.g., IRV) for all elections in their states, including the US House and Senate?
What is the difference between the nation-state and the modern nation-state system?
What are the political issues in the 21st century?
Is Congress deserve right to speak for honesty and integrity?
Suppose the price per barrel of oil is equal to $10. What will happen in Arabic kingdoms?
Why do Americans call themselves either liberal or conservative?
How would you explain your political philosophy?
Do authoritarian regimes such as Russia or China tend to have more experienced and wise foreign secretaries than democracies such as America?
How is appointment by president different from appointment by central government?
Why has mass Islamic immigration never appeared on a party political manifesto?
What are the chances of the SC and ST reservation system getting abolished if BJP comes to power in Rajya Sabha?
Have you ever had any idea of a governmental system which is flawless?
Which is closer to the truth - The House of Cards (BBC) or Yes, [Prime] Minister?
Should 16 year olds be allowed to vote and what parties support it?
What is neoliberalism and how is it killing you?
North Korea stated that they were prepared to talk to the US but less than an hour ago have reportedly fired a ballistic missile! Where is this going?
How do unpopular politicians manage to get re-elected?
What would it take to start a third political party with moderate views in the US?
Who is/was the most controversial American politician post 1900?
Will we ever see new Communist states again?
Can an MLA be nominated by the governor and if yes why only an Anglo-Indian?
Would you prefer to live as an average citizen in China or the USA? Why?
Is it in the best interest of the people of the USA to have politicians and mainstream media delay the government’s work?
Which country has given the highest prime minister?
How can someone justify rioting to prevent right wing speakers from talking all in the name of "free speech"?
Are there any non-political solutions to market failures?
What is voluntary euthanasia in Indian constitution?
Is communism inevitable?
Do government and state officials speak what is known as legalese?
Why doesn’t the Indian Prime Minister or President have a verified Quora account to interact with citizens?
Should the prime minister, POI and CJI of my country participate in an election campaigning for one party?
What is the federalist system of government?
Is India fine as a democratic country or it needs a dictator to rule?
What is an advantage and disadvantage of the presidential system?
Who are you voting for in the General Election 2017 and why?
Why is tyranny usually bad?
Now that America has overwhelmingly rejected the toxic ideology known as liberalism by voting for Trump, when will liberals go back to Mexico?
What are main differences between UPA government and NDA government in developments?
In Western countries, are presidents, prime ministers, or chancellors the people's representatives?
How much money do Republican-leaning interest groups & individuals spend each year on campaigns & organizations vs. Dem-leaning groups/people?
Are minorities included in deliberative democracy?
What is the difference between social protest and national movements?
Why don’t youngsters consider politics to be their profession in future?
What is a regime change?
If North Korean freedom rebels overthrow Kim Jong-un, what will the negotiations between the US and South Korea consist of? Will 2 Koreas have a visit?
Does censorship in democracy mean that the people are not mature enough to practice a democracy?
Why are people in Latin America so much more political than gringos?
Are liberal progressives and their thralls in the press mounting a high-tech coup d’etat to overthrow the US Constitution?
Is the political strategy & communication of the Libertarian Party holding it back from electoral success? How should it be changed?
Why is Mongolia, which once ruled most of Asia, neglected today by the world?
What do people think about Macron’s new government after he unveiled the list of ministers?
What contributed to the development of Athenian democracy?
Who is your favourite politician?
What are the greatest pitfalls of socialism?
Why is politics so sneaky?
How much "political capital" does Trump have as of May 19, 2017?
Is it usual for a social liberal to have very conservative views on some social issues?
What are the most important political philosophical problems?
How can I talk about politics with my liberal mom?
In a liberal democracy, you can never be a freedom fighter, only a terrorist. Is this true?
Is WikiLeaks politically biased?
Are all heads of state/government in the developed countries part of the One Percent?
What are the causes behind political bosses at centre always giving Bihar a step-motherly treatment?
Is banning Taiwan from joining the World Health Assembly correct? Should other world leaders be responsible for this result?
What's the difference between the criminalization of politics and the politicization of criminals?
What would be the political and moral arguments of denying non-profitable state's senators voting rights in the US states?
How would you respond to a Dwayne Johnson presidency, if he actually won in the 2020 elections?
How do you think political discourse could be improved on Quora?
Which system of government would be best suited as a single global government and why?
As a liberal, how can I have a political discussion with a conservative without getting tricked into agreeing with them?
How dangerous is it to talk about politics in Russia, especially for critics of the Putin government?
How authoritarian is the American government?
From a political/policy ideology perspective, why are KKK members and Nazis lumped in with conservatives?
What does it take to enter and be competent in politics?
Do most flat Earthers share any particular political ideology?
What are the aspects of totalitarianism?
What is the rationale for denying felons the right to vote?
Why most of the political parties in India don't bother for Hindus?
Why does the media not acknowledge that Russia has been trying to subvert American politics since the FDR administration?
Why do socialists believe socialism works?
In times of rising right-wing nationalism, how does a journalist keep his/her integrity intact?
Have politicians always been power hungry?
Is there a difference between national and international pilots?
What are the main differences between libertarianism and conservatism in the United States?
Do you trust the government or business?
Is it really democracy for California to never vote Republicans for decades of presidential elections?
Why has the Congress party been rooted out throughout the country?
How much dependency on speechwriters would give you the view that a politician is dishonest?
Why do we vote by district?
The Cold War continues to affect global political and economic relations today. Why?
What is the longest stretch that the Republican Party can realistically retain control of all three branches of government?
Does Macron have enough En Marche candidates for the parliament-election?
What chance does the Green Party have of forming the next government of New Zealand?
How can Singapore fend off political Islam?
Which political point of view has killed the most people in history, besides survival?
How relevant is Marxism today in understanding the world we are living in today?
When will liberals realize that capitalism is vastly superior to socialism?
Will we see single-payer healthcare in the USA within the next 25 years?
Who would win in an election where the major candidates are Donald Trump, Bernie Sanders, Evan McMullin, and Michael Bloomberg?
What is Shah Waliullah’s ideology?
Why did Hamas distance itself from the Muslim Brotherhood (May 2017)?
Does the United States spend more money trying to help people or kill them?
Why do we need a legislative council?
Why is almost every country controlled by old greedy men?
What are your 2017 election predictions?
What are great sources, apart from the news, to increase my knowledge on world politics?
Why is the 2017 French election considered to be historic and most unusual in many decades?
Why are so many people so thankless for everything Trump has done for our country?
If Saudi money made Americans forget 9/11, aren't America's Asian allies wondering if the US will protect them from even-richer China?
Is the government confused about economic policies and the promises they are making?
How do I increase my knowledge of economic affairs and political affairs?
How is the Iraqi gov. doing as of May 1, 2017?
If Macron was British, what party would he be a member of?
How did Trump’s visit to the Middle East go?
Why does no one get punished for the scams and corruption the BJP leaders talk about during their poll promises?
Did Boris Yeltsin undermine the ideals of the Russian democracy?
How do the advancements in transportation help the growing nation to become "smaller"?
What would have happened if Molotov et al. were not purged by Khruschev?
What is the political/cause/activist side to the Maker community paying attention to?
How is the president of the USA elected?
What do you mean by social movements?
Do Democrats have any logical arguments as to why it might not be the time for the US to embrace right-wing fascism?
Is it legally possible for one person to be a member of two political parties, in two different countries?
How was Julius Caesar's assassination a historical mistake?
How is Foreign Policy affected by the media and public opinion?
How would road rules work in a libertarian society?
Are the local elections an accurate picture of the 2017 UK General Election?
Why do dictators as a rule pass power to a relative?
What are the pros and cons of the FCRA (foreign contributions to the political parties) amendments proposed by the Modi government?
How can access to more information be bad for democracy?
What would be the facilities for the local level elected person in Nepal?
What do political terms like left, right, socialists and communalism mean?
Are the White House leaks necessary or criminal?
How does the educated world interpret what is happening in American politics?
Is there any country that has struggled for democracy and is currently not democratic?
Can we Quorans agree that the proper term for the left is "progressives" since they are for the opposite of liberalism?
Should the BJP abrogate Article 370 if they get a majority in both houses of Parliament?
Are legislators more likely to vote for bills that propose harmful, but popular, changes if they know the governor will veto them?
In what ways can contributing to a political campaign help you personally?
By what year can we expect an openly declared atheist to be elected as President of the USA?
Why is communism said to be inevitable?
Is Congress likely to pass Trump's infrastructure spending plan?
Why does the far-right hate Islamic fundamentalists when they have so much in common ideologically?
Has the House ever voted on a bill before it was scored by the CBO?
Did the Islamic State organization and American Marine Corps buy their shoes from the same boutique?
Do liberals think that Trump partnered with Russia to steal the election?
What written publication is the best for concisely summarizing international and domestic politics?
Who started politics?
Why does Tehran produce so many conservative mayors?
What are some examples of unitary systems of government?
Which people benefit from racially based politics?
Would you prefer your state to remove and deport people with different political persuasions to make it a unified government?
What is the role of a government entrepreneur?
Should people in Venezuela get violent and threaten execution for President Maduro?
Why is it that most US Americans have no actual understanding of communism or socialism?
Why do people play politics in companies? Why don't​ they realise that their actions can lead to a job loss for someone?
Are the UK's sick pay laws good compared to Europe?
Why do so many people not even try to learn more about the world, its history, politics, etc.?
Has an IITian ever been praised by any politician or star?
Which of ideologies and systems of fascism/nazism and Soviet communism posed the greater threat to liberal democracy in the twentieth century? Why?
How can communism lead to a totalitarian regime?
What do you think about Rajinikanth entering politics?
Has the power of the state declined?
Should I discuss politics on Facebook?
What is the intellectual level of political leaders nowadays?
Why do leftists celebrate the demographic destruction of whites?
Is China an example of a one-party system?
What is the major impact of Republic TV on Indian politics?
Which party will win the upcoming Vidhan Sabha elections in Karnataka?
Why should everyone care about money in politics?
Why do these Indian politicians hate their own country in the name of politics?
Why does Iran have negative feelings for Pakistan?
Should Iran have deeper relations with the EU?
Will either voters or the top 1% care if a presidential nominee has a bachelor’s degree from an online school or extension university?
What would be needed in a nation for communism to be successful?
Why does the China Government keep any religious facilities across the nation despite their sole Communism ideology?
What's the political situation in France?
Can a government servant join a political party?
Are Americans unaware that the rest of the world exists?
What should the BJP do to keep Congress out of Indian politics?
How does our two party system work to protect our liberty?
Are there any politicians who hold a resemblance to Theodore Roosevelt?
What did your political party stand for in the past, which it doesn't now?
Is there a correlation between the anti-vaccination movement and political ideology?
Will the name 'Indiana' survive the wave of political correctness?
In the next Lok Sabha election, which party will win in West Bengal?
What is a list of some of the popular incorrect ideas in politics and the economy? What is a brief explanation of why they are wrong?
What is some detailed information about communism, capitalism, fascism, and socialism with their distinctive features?
Can India afford to have a benevolent dictatorship to solve its internal problems?
Did Putin miscalculate that interfering in the US Election would bring such strong anti-Russian sentiment?
What's your opinion about Macron being elected as the next French president?
Which was the first country to form a democratic government?
Should men be allowed to vote?
Why are you voting Conservative in GE17?
Do you think proponents of "Ban The Box" support the idea for political reasons, or because of a misunderstanding of its actual impact?
How do I solve my political dilemma?
Has the Indian parliament ever impeached a chief minister or prime minister for obstruction of justice?
Is MSNBC owned by the DNC, spending all morning on the Russia investigation when Manchester just happened?
Why isn't everyone a libertarian rationalist?
Does Baijayant Jay Panda think that politics is more about bashing the opponent than self retrospection?
In today's scenario, who is more ethical, politicians or prostitutes?
What should the political strategy be?
How would you describe communism in a nutshell (summarize main concepts)?
What role did Bhindranwale play in the winning of the Congress Party in the election of 1980?
How did they Conservatives gain the Feguslie Park vote?
What political party do Swiss people support?
As a US Republican or Democrat, what is one issue you agree with the opposing party on?
What is you best definition of politics?
If the US tries to invade India, will China help India?
Did the 1953 coup in Iran indirectly cause the 1979 revolution?
Can Vietnam become the next Poland?
What are the basic differences between left and right politics?
What do conservatives think about the 5-3 SCOTUS decision that the gerrymandering by the GOP in North Carolina was racially motivated?
Can an ex-Minister, who has left politics, contest for the post of a judge (at any level)?
How can the rise of the right wing be tackled all over the world?
Do conservative answerers block more or less frequently than progressive answerers?
Was the Stalin regime really communism, or was it a dictatorship?
What happened to communism?
Which contemporary potilical theorists are recommended regarding political participation in unconventional terms?
How hated is Congressman Steve King?
Do you sense that Putin feels vulnerable to political opposition and therefore, the hard-handed clamp down on any organized protest?
Is threatening to start a nuclear war as an attempt to improve one’s approval ratings near 100 days in office an impeachable offense?
Is the word 'master bedroom' an outdated, not politically correct term?
What do you know about Sunil Mishra, the political strategist?
Why are yogis becoming politicians in India?
How do the 3 different forms of government work?
What's the closest term to 'Capital Communism' in political ideologies?
What is the basic definition of socialism and capitalism and what are the differences between them?
What is the meaning of "a bill before parliament”?
Is Trump moving the USA towards becoming an authoritarian state?
If you had your way, whom would you choose as the President/Prime Minister of your country?
Is fascism similar to mercantilism?
Is the "old guard" in the Democratic party not retiring, preventing the next generation from becoming leaders in the 2018 and 2020 elections?
Is the circus-like nature of American politics beneficial or harmful?
What is Irish democracy?
How does the Vietnamese democracy work?
Can the positions of President and Primer Minister of India be headed by the same person at the same time?
What fictional character resembles Trump the most accurately?
Does having a political opinion influence your brain?
Has neoliberalism ever worked?
Which is the most powerful country till now?
How do you define and operationalize political freedom?
Can I get asylum in Italy being a political party member?
Who is Saurabh Bhardwaj?
Will the all-party meeting between the Election Commission and the political parties on May 12 resolve the controversy regarding the EVMs?
Why do you oppose the legalisation of cannabis?
Who are some of the best politicians India had?
Is Andrés Manuel López Obrador a popular Mexican political figure?
What is “left-wing”?
Was Malala Yousafzai a pawn of the West in retrospect?
Should private business owners be able to choose whom they serve? Should antidiscrimination laws be done away with?
Do libertarians tend to be people fortunate/privileged enough that “big government” really is their biggest obstacle to further wealth/power?
why do celebrities join politics?
What would happen if Russia and India shared a border?
What are some interesting statistics about political ideologies?
Are Republicans and conservatives in America more individualist and Democrats and liberals more statist, or vice versa?
Why didn't Trump treat the Chinese president with a Big Mac as he promised?
Will a former president receive secret service protection in jail?
Are Mauritian youngsters interested in politics?
What are some easy social experiments that show that democracy doesn't work?
Are there any examples of societies getting more conservative?
Why did President Trump receive only Saudi Arabia's greatest honor but not a Nobel Prize? What more can he do to win a Nobel Prize as well?
What is a democratic republic government?
Why do our Indian politicians are expecting VIP treatment unlike their counter part in Western countries?
How do I get a paperback copy of the labour manifesto?
What are the causes to the failure of democracy and oligarchy?
Can a communist country have a market economy?
Why do liberals and democrats believe in big government?
Why is the "establishment" so hated Western politics?
What should I do to understand the politics around the world?
Is India a liberal state or a successful democracy?
Who said "politics is the art of the possible"?
Why are Liberal Democrat leaders so distinct from other political party leaders in the way they speak etc?
How can I become a politician without having a political background?
Do you find any flaws in the democratic system of India?
Will the backlash against political correctness get stronger in Australian politics? They are already considering watering down the anti-racism laws.
If I travelled back in time 20 years to the past and got stuck, how would I prove my identity to a government?
Who is the most fashion-forward politician of all time?
If you were running for president, what would the opposite party say about you?
To what extent do illiberal political institutions hinder new science?
Explain how the US Constitution limits the power of government through a separation of powers and a system of checks and balances?
Is Lalu Prasad Yadav involved in the benami land deal case?
Would it be possible and legal to require the entire population of a country to do DNA sequencing and put the results in their ID?
How many people didn't vote in last year’s election?
Who supports mandatory voting?
What is an “infocracy”?
Why are Dalits so marginalised in Maharashtra politics, despite their large numbers and the Ambedkarite movement?
Who is the best politician in the Asia?
What countries would be better off if they united into a larger state?
Can one be politically incorrect but still immensely popular? Any real example?
Have you ever got humiliated by a political party's member for your religion?
Why didn't the Washington state news media cover the story about Trump facilitating the multi-billion dollar deal between Boeing and Saudi Arabia?
What does the mayor of London do besides taking selfies and neglecting the crime rate in the city?
Is India's relatively stable democracy one of the greatest political miracles of all time?
Who owns "Ofcom" and is it free from the government influences?
Is corruption and laws geared toward helping the rich a consequence of the wealthy being in charge of the government?
What are the diffrences between passive and agressive secularism?
How is it possible that Naxals continue to be active, without local politicians being 'hands in gloves' for votes?
How does a party have 41 seats if they got 54 seats from FPTP and 38% of the popular vote?
In terms of equality, What do you believe women rights consists of when considering the rights of men?
Why are Democrats social-progressive globalists?
Why are there no term limits or age requirements for politicians?
Does Modi have international influence and can he alter international politics?
What is the difference between bureaucracy and politics?
Should cabinet ministers or shadow cabinet ministers get paid to appear on the BBC?
Why do our politicians care more about destroying the other party than helping our country?
How do I go about Australian politics if I want to become a politician? What should I do?
Are there any apps that help teens with forming political opinions?
I'm 10+2 now, what do I do to become a politician?
What's the chance that a non-religious, unmarried woman with a high IQ undergoing college at a prestigious institution leans politically to the right?
What is the role of a union state minister? Why does it exist?
Why do Liberals ignore social/labour policies?
Do political leaders have close friends?
What is the difference between a federation and a union?
What are the modern-day examples of federalism in the US government?
Who is India’s most powerful person?
What is the current situation of Indian politics? How will it progress in the future?
In what ways do politics affect business?
Are the any rationalist political movements that eschew all dogmas and look at each social problem on its own merits?
In the UK, is it impossible for a political party to win power without the support of right leaning newspapers such as Mail, Sun and Express?
Is democracy good for developing countries?
How many times in American history has the electoral college beat the popular vote?
If the USA were to hypothetically split into various new nations, what would be some likely new nations resulting from the split?
What are the biggest actions and inactions that cost heavy for a nation?
Why doesn’t our government create a better religion that’s more suitable to all?
Why are people saying communism doesn't work, when it basically hasn't been tried before?
If Hindutva right wing groups had the arms, territory and power, would they be equivalent to ISIS?
Why do political parties need funding in countries like the US and the UK?
Why is everyone considering fascism far-right, when it's clearly not for capitalism?
Why do Americans have to interfere with other countries' local disagreements all the time? Why don't they mind their own business?
Do you think the Indian parliamentary system​ needs to be scrapped?
How bad will the Democratic Party look and suffer if their Russia hunt comes up empty?
What do you think about Aung San Suu Kyi after one year in charge of Myanmar?
Why do so many different people/ideologies use the term "socialism"?
Why do conservative Republicans call anyone who does not agree with them liberals?
How many seats will labour lose?
How does philosophical pragmatism relate to political liberalism?
Why can't society just decide not to automate any more jobs, to save jobs?
Why is public funding for the arts rarely a substantive issue in American politics?
What political leader said, “A house divided against itself cannot stand'?
Do you think that an alien invasion is the only thing that could ultimately lead to a one world government?
Why is the actor Rajinikanth willing to enter politics in his old age?
Why are Democrats so careful to say Nazi and not National Socialist? It is a strange obsession.
Why are the British discussing voting tactics on Quora instead of debating politics and policies? Have they lost faith in their democratic process?
What are some model aftermath results of countries that underwent regime change caused by external powers?
What are the advantages of having a monarchy as your leader?
How did democracy spread in monarchist Europe?
Why is France so left wing?
How does the media affect the distribution of political power?
Are people repenting in Tamil Nadu for electing AIADMK for a second term?
Should the state be able to force someone to pay for someone else's healthcare?
How could the people put the army out of politics and continue the path to real democracy in Egypt?
Is complaining on social media about our current political and social perils the most effective way to protect our present and future generations?
Does anything in the U.S. Constitution address preventing the conflict of interest of politicians reliant on rich donors with vested interests?
When is the BJP expected to get the majority in Rajya Sabha?
What is the difference between communism and the Democratic party platform?
Is there a government ideology that is often forgotten?
When someone, especially a politician, says that America is a center-right country, what definition of center are they using?
Is Russia going to start WW3, considering the bad relations it has with the U.S. and NATO?
Are there organizations or enterprises dedicated to trying to forecast the economy, politics and society of the US?
Is Macron's victory a decisive turn of fortunes for the far-right in Europe?
Would you ever consider a sado-masochistic relationship or role-play involving power exchange based on political beliefs?
Was the term "demokratía" invented by the Athenian adversaries of such regime?
What is political sociology all about?
Which is better, a monarchy or a republic?
If you could make any political reform in any country right now, which country would it be and what would you change?
Who is the most huggable world leader in 2017?
Is social democracy really a form of socialism?
Is it illegal for a radio host or political pundit to call out for the murder or massacre of a politician?
What is the correct balance between liberty and equality to guarantee democracy?
Why were both political parties so keen on dumping their leader while in government in the 10 years after the Howard government?
What is post-truth politics? Is it post-truth politics in India now?
Do some people pay other people to vote for a person of their choice in an election?
Why are bank or interest loans illegal?
All BJP and Congress supporter know that both are filled with corrupted people, but they follow them blindly after knowing this. Why?
Who should I support in Indian politics?
How did the anti-government protests of 2015/16 affect Ethiopian politics?
Is Israel a model democracy?
I feel like people give more value to their political parties than to society in general. Does this happen anywhere else?
What can the Indian liberals learn from the Indian right wing?
How many mistakes does a party in a civil case make for the opposing party to say it is absurd?
What should local government do?
Are Puerto Ricans capable of self-governance?
What's the process for voting in a French embassy/consulate abroad like?
What was one of the reasons you switched political parties?
How do I prepare for a continuous crisis committee (e.g. Chinese political bureau)?
How have national legislators resigned prior to the end of their terms, for nondisciplinary or election reasons?
What do you think about Great Serbia?
Which do you view as the best system, the meritocracy or the democracy? Why?
Is crime rate a criteria to evaluate the political party that’s ruling the states?
Who protects the Prime Minister of Singapore?
Why are Canadian politicians generally less educated?
How do you handle the distress from arguing about politics or religion?
Is there any leader who served 20 years or more by winning democratic elections?
Is somebody who favors a strong governmental safety net but is also highly nativist, left-wing or right-wing?
How will the backlash against Trump affect the political direction of the country over the next decade?
Is the liberal world order in crisis?
What happens and who becomes president if the vice president dies?
If Obama were president again, what things could he be doing better (due to his experience)?
How do dictatorships become free?
Why is everyone offended by everything and feel the need to bash people to "defend" their own views?
Do you think political Islam is compatible with Western values?
What is the most straightforward statement that triggers liberals?
In your opinion, who was the most left/right wing US president?
Why is Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy so popular despite his lesser experience in politics ?
Do Russian/Israeli politicians do minority appeasement to get votes like Indian politicians?
Did Shiv Sena crush communists in Mumbai? Why and how?
Who is or was the youngest democratically elected cabinet minister in the world?
What do socialists think about government bonds?
Do people forget that it was mainly Labour politicians that helped to bring in the welfare state and not one flaming Tory politician?
What are some pictures that show the true character of the P.M., Mr. Narendra Modi?
Democracy always lead to capitalism. Is this true? If yes then how?
How did Richard Armitage become an influential politician?
What is the importance of statistics in politics?
Who is the first Chief Minister of Telangana?
If the USA was under a communist regime (since the end of WW2), would it have produced such products as the iPhone?
Why is Texas seen as the face of conservatism?
How likely is unification between North Korea and South Korea in the far future?
What are the best conservative political ideas?
Are there any studies on how political/ideological biases affect economic activity by investors? How does this ultimately shape politics?
In the U.S. how successful are authoritarian politicians?
China is investing billions of dollars in Pakistan, but is it worth with the rising extremism in Pakistan?
Have you ever met some swami or a powerful leader?
Is the National Housing Development Organisation under government control?
How do UK atheists view the monarchy?
How are quasi-legislative powers used?
What are some similarities between Tayyip Erdogan and Julius Caesar?
What are some plausible reasons why constitution-drafters would allow secret-ballot-voting for electing a state president, but not for voting one out?
What is the Council of Ministers?
Should actors or actresses join politics?
What is the definition of politics? What are the pros and cons of politics?
In being a state’s leader, is power really everything? Political power or wealth power?
One of the flaws of democracy is that an uninformed vote counts just as much as an informed vote. Is there a solution to this?
How significant are political views when determining compatibility in a potential relationship?
Which country's leader, if assassinated right now, would directly cause the most chaos in the world?
When will America's authoritarian government be replaced with a democracy?
Why is the left winning?
How did the British rule the world?
Are we facing an oil shortage in 2020?
If hypothetically, a one world government or federation was established, how would it's sociopolitical underpinnings look like?
Who is the next CM of Rajasthan?
Why does the Constitution of India give pardoning power to the President and what does that mean?
Do you think Quorans have become way too left-wing lately?
Are there any countries with democracies that are getting stronger?
What is it like running a country?
Could a directly democratic country work?
If you say that Modi’s government is doing its work properly, then why isn’t it completing its promise to the young voters?
Are you afraid of what may potentially happen to the United States and the world under the tenure of Donald Trump, and why?
Would you fight for your country if it were a monarchy?
Is it right that MLAs and MPs pass a bill in the Assembly in order to draw a huge amount in terms of salary perks and pensions?
If the Ganasanghs, such as Shakya/Koli, had become the dominant power instead of the Magadha in ancient India, how would the history have been changed?
Why is democracy preferred as compared to other forms of government?
What would prevent a wealthy president from paying lawmakers​ for their votes?
If the national average IQ dropped significantly, would it impact the effectiveness of the democratic voting system?
Is Turkey too far gone to get back to democratic freedoms in the next few years (from 2017)?
What is the distinction between politicians and IAS officials in the administration?
Why are two major problems in America hunger yet also obesity? How do we help fight hunger?
Who is the most cruel Hindu ruler of all times?
Does corruption deviancy treatment exist? Can we start enforcing a 0 tolerance policy on corruption (as in corrupt officials)?
What is the European Union's stance on transhumanism?
What is the difference between the adjournment and suspension of the House of Parliament?
Why do liberals hate Russia because it gave up on communism?
Why hasn't Trump lifted the sanctions on Russia?
What is the impact of social media in politics?
Why do we rely on polls and statistics when only around 1000 people are sampled?
What is ULB and PRI voters?
Why does people in USA seems to think the next French president, Macron is a left-wing when he is in fact very very right wing?
Why are IAS officers frustrated by the current political system?
What are global and domestic politics in a nutshell?
What are conservatives trying to prove by asserting that Nazism was leftist?
Do citizens have a moral duty to vote?
Why do cultural Marxists say that cultural Marxism doesn’t exist?
Is there any journal or magazine that specialise in international relations or global politics?
With so much politics in everything, how do Americans get anything even done?
Which country is the most conservative one, and which is the most liberal one, in terms of government and people separately?
Who was the first prime minister (women) in the world?
Why is man a political animal?
How should US respond to the political turmoil in Venezuela at the OAS?
What is the connection between Hindu nationalists and fascism?
What is the difference between a congressman and a governor?
Is it acceptable for a democratic state to block people with certain ideologies or religions from becoming citizens?
Why can't we get the same healthcare as our politicians?
Why doesn't the left wing let the right wing do its thing with policies to see if they actually do improve things?
How does influence group affect government policy?
Are you worried about the lack of opposition in Indian politics after the downfall of Congress?
Will ESPN continue to use its platform to promote leftist political views while its audience is fleeing?
Should postgraduation be made compulsory to fight the election of a member of the legislative assembly and a member of Parliament?
Should the Texas state government continue to use the same plural executive power structure to prevent any single member of the executive branch from becoming too powerful?
When was "Devnagari" replaced by "Hindi"? What was the political motive behind this change? Was it successful?
Why are liberals aligning themselves with the issues of the oppressed as a lever to push forward postmodern Neo-Marxism?
If the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is constitutionally a democracy by name, why do other democracies tend to seek war against the state?
Are any of today's controversial politicians so unpopular that their own country might not allow them to be buried on their soil upon death?
Did communism/socialism work in East Germany?
What solutions should be applied for the corrupted countries?
A politician cheated us and is coming again for votes. What do we need to do?
How can you be so certain that your political views are right?
Who are the worst presidents in world history ?
How does neocolonialsm work?
When millennials say they want a socially liberal and fiscally conservative party, do they mean something like Germany's FDP?
Why do people continue to misuse the term communism and don't try to educate themselves on it?
What were the reasons for Hitler's unique and extremely brutal political rules and beliefs?
Do Americans accept a diversity in political systems?
What’s wrong with Indian politics? Is it necessary to do a rally on the streets for votes? Isn't that literally begging for votes?
What makes India so confident when they can't match any real democratic country yet they still claim to be the most democratic one in the world?
Is Trump's tax plan just Reaganomics on steroids?
Is the GOP fracturing?
Why did communism fail in Asia?
Is it allowed to create political parties in Islam?
Is job breadth more important than job depth in motivating workers?
Is there a ring of truth to the conservative claim that liberals are being unscientific in claiming race/gender is socially constructed?
How would you teach Trump in Political Theory or a course about Conservatism?
If President Trump were to illegally delete conversations he had previously taped, how would the public ever even find out?
What would happen if Indian nations were grantsd sovereignty?
Do you mold your views to what you think is best for the country or for the individual?
What is individual sovereignty?
What is the most under reported political scandal of the last 100 years?
Is Britain a monarchy or a democracy?
Why is the United States so concerned with other nuclear programs? If nuclear weapons are so awful, then why does the United States have them?
I know there is a national socialist movement, is there some sort of national capitalist movement?
What is the difference between liberal conservatism and conservative liberalism?
Is voting for independents in the upcoming Senate and House elections a good idea to end partisanship in Congress?
What steps did the PRI take in Mexico to win elections?
Is the post office governed by the Congress or by the President?
Why are there so many right wing pro BJP people on Quora?
What can be done to prevent politics from bringing out the worst in people?
What is the current political suitation of Indo-fijians community?
What’s the point of having democratic elections when the algorithms know who you are and how you are going to vote?
Is the reason there are more liberals than conservatives because educated right-wingers lean libertarian?
Is it true that Putin amassed a huge amount of wealth during his political career? What will happen to it after his death?
What is political religion?
Can a political union of more than one country recognize another country as its head?
How can politics get beyond the red versus blue, left versus right arguments to consider social and community benefit and fairness?
Are Section 527 political organizations subject to rules about private inurement?
If a war erupts between the US and allies and North Korea, what would be the better option to deal with a "defeated" North Korea?
Are there any countries that have no governments ruling them?
Would a TV series that has conservative instead of liberal bias be watchable?
What do conservatives think about liberals going crazy from identity politics to recent Russian conspiracy theories?
Why were the Brazilian Integralists (fascists) pro-union if they were anti communist?
Why do people hate Alan Greenspan so much for the mistake he made of believing banks should be self-regulatory?
Do opposition parties create violence in J&K, UP where the BJP government rules and opposition parties have violent nature leaders there?
Which is closer to a dictatorship - the Labour or Conservative Party?
If a POTUS campaign was found to have used unlawful means, would that disqualify the Vice President as a successor to the impeached President?
What province voted for who in the Iranian election?
What countries had a totalitarianism system before WW1?
How would you sum up the communist government?
If there were an impeachment, could it be multiple (president, VP, Sec. of State, etc.)?
Why CEOs like Steve, Mark, Sundar, Satya Nadella walk on stage while they are presenting something? Why don't any politician do this?
What might happen to countries if they suddenly let young people in their thirties run the government and even be presidents and prime ministers?
Is it too early for Sunita Kejriwal to foray in politics?
What are state general elections?
Why is Mexico's GDP now larger than that of Russia's? Are the sanctions against Russia beginning to take its toll?
Is the U.S. federal government an efficient and democratic government?
What are similarities and differences between classical liberalism and neoliberalism?
How does the protection of the US President compare to that of the Queen of United Kingdom? Or the Prime Minister?
Is Labour gaining vote share in the right constituencies?
What is the absolute solution to gerrymandering politics and vote buying in modern democracy?
Do terrorist incidents during election times cause voters to shift to the right?
Why do you think democracy is more important than any other political value?
You wake up as the leader of your country. What will you do?
Is there any website that compiles the list of major headlines on similar topics from news organizations across political spectrum?
How is Canada only on its 23rd prime minister when America has had 45 presidents?
What would happen if people in Singapore started to lean towards other political parties other than the PAP? (PAP has always had the majority vote. )
Who are the dictators, albeit infamous, that contributed to their country in any positive way?
What would a Marine Le Pen presidency mean for Europe?
How do you start a political organization in your hometown?
What are some political systems except authoritarian and democratic types that are worth a try?
Do Presidents who are removed from office get a Presidential Library?
Why do liberals earn a bad rep lately?
How do politically strong people survive in a company than technically stronger persons?
Why do some politicians criticize Rajinikanth?
What is the most successful way to campaign for government accountability reforms?
What is the best book on Palestinian politics (not on the conflict but rather the history and contemporary politics of the PLO, Fatah, and Hamas?)
Why do most oil producing countries have a bad goverment?
Why can’t politicians be responsible for false promises during an election?
Is it true that the democracy has existed in Portugal since 1825, with some interruptions?
Is Texas a conservative utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more conservative?
What is the best way to explain the difference between scientific consensus and science by democracy?
How did democracy come to be?
Was UKIP just a conservative splinter group, and is it now time for it to go?
What is the exit poll of Iran's recent election?
Why does Accenture support bad politics of mainly the higher management?
How can Americans retaliate against Russian for hacking of political races?
What are reasonable arguments to vote for Marine Le Pen?
Who are some notable politicians who left Socialist Party and joined En Marche?
Why would someone want to be a Democrat?
What would Australia look like if it became a republic, like, the parliamentary system (obviously it wouldn't be called parliament)?
What is meant by the statement that the Iraq War was largely about oil?
What are the differences between the American left and right wing and the European left and right wing politics?
Which type of government is suitable for India-left, right, authoritarian or liberal?
What is the one world government that is going to be formed under the European union about?
Who is more powerful, a president or a prime minister?
What are some examples of propaganda devices in politics?
Why is the youth of India crazy about PM Modi while there is a rise in unemployment during his tenure?
Has the Green Party of England and Wales always been left wing?
How can we meet Narendra Modi?
What is the political condition of Tamil Nadu now?
Is there any constitutional obstacle to abolishing Article 370 when the ruling government has 2/3 majority in both houses of Parliament?
How do libertarians and conservatives square the fact that communist China has been so successful at capitalism?
What was the political system created for protection?
What is some good information to have about both Maltese political parties before the election?
Is the political and social situation in Israel similar to what it was in Rhodesia?
What do you understand about equality & democracy being dynamic and not static concepts?
In academic studies of history, are radical positions becoming less prevalent?
How do I change my vote location?
Do IAS officers face biased treatment due to government having right wing ideology?
What is the most burning political issue in India presently?
Why don't more people support world government?
Who replaces the Vice President?
What is it like to be a career politician?
Why do Western conservatives push liberalism and feminism on Iran, and yet push and want traditionalism and conservatism for their own people?
What world leaders threw their government into chaos and/or disastrous political failure the quickest?
Why have all the communist regimes in history been fascist and destructive to the economy?
Is reservation in education regressive to the development of a country?
Are there (quite apart from the question of formal legality) any similarities between tipping, bribery, and political lobbying business practices?
Is it a mistake for the United States to trust a communist country like Vietnam?
Why do people use the words democratic socialism to mean social democracy? Are they synonyms or are they different things?
Why aren't companies charged with bribery when they pay millions of dollars to politicians whose political beliefs align with those certain companies?
How odd is the chance for a Muslim Malay politician to be elected as the next Singapore PM or President?
How would Iranians be able to get rid of their dictatorial Ayatollah regime?
Will the present political scenario take the Tamil Nadu economy down?
Is the criteria of “adult” based on brain development, culture or politics?
Should politicians be drug tested?
What are the advantages to registering as an independent voter (specifically in Massachusetts)? Is it worth it?
If Brexiteers are so keen on democracy, why are they opposed to a referendum on whatever deal the government come up with?
What is the definition of the ideal form of government in Hindi?
If you would be a president, which country will you choose?
Is Los Angeles a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Aren't the international relations theories constructivism and Marxism both direct descendants of philosophical idealism?
What is required to become a diplomat?
When will the American people stand up to the corrupt government?
How can a candidate, like Emmanuel Macron of France, run a government after winning as an independent without any political party involvement?
What does "you can do anything with bayonets but sit on them" mean?
Why should I study political science?
How many female presidents or prime ministers or chancellors are there currently?
Why is nazism hated more than communism, when communism killed more people?
How is popular participation a product of political orientation?
Is the Taliban an accurate reflection of Pashtun culture?
How was democracy restored in Chile?
In Federal court, does a party responding to a "make a complete list of…" interrogatory have to a) explicitly state if the list given is incomplete or b) simply list what the party knows without stating that it is incomplete?
Is a lean socialist government possible?
How would you appraise your current government?
Who deserve to be the next chief minister of Karnataka?
Was James Comey committing perjury in his May 3rd testimony or is he lying now?
How does the government’s spectrum auction work?
Why are climate change activists adamant about acceptance of their theory?
How much longer will the anti-establishment political scenario last until we go back to globalization?
Do you think Trump has actually bugged the White House?
Do libertarian socialists see enterprising nonprofits dominating the market all by worker and consumer free will and free choice as the best scenario?
If Congress voted to make the Vice President as Acting President pursuant to the 25th Amendment, how could the President be later reinstated?
Is it distasteful to share your political opinion on Facebook and Instagram?
What are some online advocacy tools where I can monitor specific bills at the federal level?
Has media exposure of social scandals helped the nation grow?
Will socialism return in France after the elevation of socialist leader Marcon as President?
What happens to local campaign donations when your candidate loses?
Do parliamentary systems tend to lead to party rule rather than legislative governance?
What will happen, if in an election 40% of people selected NOTA out of the 65% voting?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the parliamentary system of government in India?
What is the difference between unitary form of Government and Federal government?
What's your opinion on Villani's application at the French legislative elections?
Will a libertarian ever become president?
The US Constitution is based on the doctrine of the separation of powers. How does this doctrine keep the three branches of govt. separate?
Do you think that the avatar film you chose is a political commentary on today's society, or past injustices? Why?
Is there any evidence that a Head of Government, negotiating with a foreign power, is strengthened when they have a large majority in the legislature?
When did being "anti-Israel/anti-Zionist" became a leftist stand and why?
In US politics, is there a link between how much party primaries are contested and how the chosen candidates fare in the general election?
Can India play a key role in world politics in the near future, through diplomacy or an economic rise?
Considering the political impact of Senate rules, such as the filibuster rule, should such rules be set in stone via a constitutional amendment?
If healthcare in the USA could be overhauled from scratch, how would you fix it?
Are there political parties among communists, or all they all pretty close to the same?
What is meant by right-wing politics?
What type of government does Israel have?
How are conflicts between the legislature and executive bound to occur in the presidential system of government prevalent in the USA?
What are the advantages of using social media in politics?
Why does the West want to destroy Russia?
What is it like for psycopaths to watch election campaigns? (in whatever country)
Why does no party work for generals?
What are the challenges to the modern state system?
Can an artist become a politician?
Why did Portugal become a republic if almost all the people were pro-monarchy?
Will you support the imposing age limit and educational qualifications for politicians?
Is there one politician in this country who has never been defeated during his political career and commanded great respect?
What is the lifecycle of totalitarian regimes?
Do you know someone who is intelligent but acts like a fool? Why do they do that?
How many members of the Trump Administration would it take to screw in a lightbulb?
What is the most practical solution to identity politics?
How does one convert a communist populace to capitalist populace?
How is libertarian socialism supposed to work?
How do past US presidents stack up with Canadian prime ministers?
How can a country maintain a stable political system?
How does a bill become a law if the bill was vetoed by the president?
For somebody deeply rooted in capitalism, what are the areas and how can he learn to appreciate the beauty of communism or socialism?
What do former Canadian prime ministers do?
How do liberals rationalise being both anti-capitalist and pro-immigration?
How can partisan gerrymandering be avoided in a modern democracy?
What should I do with my inherited knowledge of the Russian language? I have never used it that much.
What is the difference between an Indian and a national?
Do legislators have to attend every session of the legislature?
What should democracy be like?
How do China and Singapore’s political systems resemble and differ?
Who is the most handsome politician today in 2017?
Why do we vote for democracy and capitalism but expect 'equality' and healthcare from the state?
How can political conversations affect the workplace?
Could you share examples of how blind patriotism has hindered a nation's progress?
How can I participate in UK polls on political issues?
What are the different forms of political violence?
Assuming the mass public being the underlying driving factor of today's political polarization, what are the possible negative consequences?
Is Communism in India real?
In the UK general elections, what determines which candidates appear on ballot papers?
How do I exercise my 'right against bundh called by a political party or organization'?
When a sitting UK MP switches parties, what happens to the person already locally selected to be the candidate for the party in that constituency?
Are 'volunteer' libertarians who are not being paid by libertarian organizations to write, advocate, etc. suckers?
What do you think of Arnab's expose on Lalu Prasad Yadav?
What is a unitary political system?
Why are governments not keeping track of their citizens abroad to check the ISIS menace?
What would it have been like if the Europeans had followed the First Nations’ way of government?
What is the relationship between domestic politics and international politics?
As an individual, how would you feel if you were called up to war given the world's current crises?
Is America still safe for democracy?
Should representatives have to answer to people that are not in their district but that their decisions effect?
Are there any countries that are an anarchy to this day?
Do government entities arise from citizen demand for more government?
What are the types of communism?
What are the qualities to be maintained to become a politician?
What is the definition of "national identity" from scholars' papers? Please provide the specific quotation of the definition.
Why can’t governments monitor the movement of people across several countries?
Who do you think should be the next prime minister, and why?
The President just said "In America, we don't worship government; we worship God". Should he be portraying all Americans that way?
What is bad about democracy?
How many elected presidents in the world became dictators?
Who contributed more to the development of India, right-wingers a.k.a. conservatives, or left-wingers a.k.a. liberals?
Do new nations depend on their governments to succeed? How would you explain this?
Did a significant amount of people also disbelieve the facts of watergate?
What are Emmanuel Macron's chances of fulfilling his campaign pledges?
Is Robert Puckett a Democrat?
Why do people think that a nation can surrender its sovereignty through inferential, vs. express, statements of such intent?
How do governments rob people?
How do Maithils and other Biharis react to the political renaming of Mithila/ideh to 'Madhesh' in Nepal, which is historically misleading?
Which political books and ideas have had the most influence on you?
Why does being fiscally responsible make you far right in the eyes of liberals and the media?
What would happen if all politicians disappeared?
Why is MN so liberal?
Why is the liberalism moving in the US?
Why is Russia supporting leaders with nationalism agenda?
Who hacked Macron's emails?
Why do liberals take issue with the term "cuck"?
What happens in TN politics if Rajinikanth decide to start a new party and venture into politics?
Is the US Congress better than the Canadian Parliament or the British Parliament?
Does the ruling party have any role in the Election Commission, like appointments, etc.?
What would it take for you to seriously consider a US politician on the opposite side?
What are the ideologies of the various French political parties? Who are centre left and centre right, etc.?
I'm neither a Liberal, nor a Conservative, so what am I?
How many vice presidents are there?
Does a potential POTUS have to undergo a medical examination to determine if he/she is physically/mentally competent for the job?
In contrast to the Kremlin, is China buying international friends with money?
After the UK elections, what are the other countries whose elections will be held this year?
Could the relentless impugning of the Russians and accusing Russians of fiendish actions, by US political parties, start WWIII?
What do Australians think about the attacks on mosques in Australia?
Who said that elections are the heart of democracy?
Where can I find polls showing what country Democrats feel they are loyal to?
What is the “permanent political class”?
With Emmanual Macron winning elections in France, is it safe to assume that the "Right Wing" wave will subside soon?
Which state gives 4 prime minister?
What kind of judge can override the president?
How likely is it that these recent tensions between the US and North Korea will die down again like the other points tension these last couple years?
What are the problems of political obligation?
Are Germany and Sweden destroyed?
How is political correctness related to feminism?
What is the main reason that members of the RJD threw stones and were violent on the road? Was this suitable for such a ruling national party of the state?
Are the Amma canteens in Tamil Nadu and the proposed Annapurna canteens in UP, a sign of good governance?
Has Bill Maher ever insulted someone to their face on his show the way he did to Brian in Family Guy?
How would you turn your country into a complete dictatorship?
What is the goal of politics, the pursuit of an ideal or finding common ground and reaching a reasonable consensus?
What can a society do to prevent the rise of populism?
Which party will win the 2019 parliament election?
Should the European Parliament get legislative powers?
What are the relationships like between the UN's veto-holding country leaders, but also Germany?
How do I deal with the fact that everywhere I go, there are politics? There are office politics mainly. What are they, & how does one get the hang of them or become good at them?
Has Rajinikanth already joined politics?
What advantages does a democracy have over other forms of government?
What is the US’s response to Soviet hacking incursions into the elections of various Western democracies?
Can nominated members of Lok Sabha become ministers?
Is there any change in the working of diplomats with the change of government in their respective country?
If I became president of a very corrupt country and wanted to run it like a business, what systems could I set in place to help me deter corruption?
What does it mean if someone participate in a election? Why people vote or don't vote?
How much time does it take for people to realize how bad and corrupt-minded a politician is?
Why are the media/politicians not talking about Meher, when they are talking so much about Talaq?
What are we lacking in political system these days?
Is there any data proving that the political right is rising world-wide?
If you could make your own infomercial, what would it be like?
Is there any intelligence even the president of a country (pick one) can't know?
Why was San Marino the first country to have a democratically elected Communist government in 1945?
How did Yogi Adityanath become CM, as he is an MP and not an MLA?
What if there was no government?
What is your opinion on Bill C16 that was just passed in Canada?
Isn't the idea of a nation in itself flawed?
If you were a leader of Pakistan, what would you do to help Pakistan?
In regard to power, who is more powerful in his country, the US President or the Chinese President?
How do I find a neta (a politician) online?
How would one briefly describe the present Indian political landscape?
Can we stop a political populist consensus based on fallacious statements?
Why are Republicans so despicable?
What makes the ideologies of communism and nazism so dangerous?
Do you think protests against government in Serbia has impact on domestic politics?
Could the UK's Trident nuclear deterrence system be renewed in a less expensive way, such as with land-based ICBMs?
How are autocracy and democracy alike?
What are modern day examples of Limited Government in the US Government?
Why do we not hold our elected officials accountable?
Why does our government give extra money to MLAs and MPs for their mobile bills, when they can get unlimited calls and internet access for only Rs 400?
Why do politicians build family dynasties in the name of democracy?
Globally, people hate their politicians (baring a few). Why don't we have an alternative by now?
How should a representative relate to his constituents?
What is currently going on in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha?
Will you vote TMCP again, & why?
What do the people of Quora think of direct democracy?
Could a "tax haven" for businesses exist in Earth’s orbit, or on the Moon?
To what extent was the Gough Whitlam dismissal influenced by the CIA?
How can a clueless person start learning about politics, news and how society works?
Are first world countries other than the US more civil in political matters?
Why do we still label China as a Communist nation, while most of its values have greatly strayed from communism?
I'm confused by the various political terms (left- / right-wing, Republican/Democrat, etc). Can someone give me relatively simple definitions?
How would the Middle East respond to a woman president?
Why did Rep. Rod Blum have those kids with him in the interview he walked out of?
Is Liberalism a religion?
Is it really that hard to understand that Liberals are patriotic?
Would it be a good idea if Indian MPs and MLAs conducted townhalls in their constituencies?
Who would you approach to get a first start in politics in Australia?
How do Justice Democrats plan to defeat the Democratic Party hacks who prop up its leaders for personal gain?
Why does the US have only around 2-3 times the budget of Germany, while it has 5-6 times its GDP?
Why do Americans love capitalism?
Is the concept of freedom and democracy a Western invention or do other civilizations have that too?
Are there any businesses that support the Green Party?
What is the difference between the rule of law and the rule of man?
If India changed from the parliamentary form of government to a presidential form of government, then how would it be and who would be the president and ministers?
Can a political party manipulate India’s EVM?
Where does the Kim Dynasty get its inspiration from on how to run a totalitarian dictatorship?
Should political party formation end in a democracy so that everyone can get a fair chance to fight in elections?
What are the main foreign policy principles of Russia?
Why do Democrats go on Fox News?
What is the average compensation for a general (all stars) in any of the four major branches (army, navy, marines, air force) of the U.S. military?
What is the role and impact of the media on contemporary politics?
If our Prime Minister, Mr. Narendra Modi, bans the reservation system, how will society react?
Is democracy sustainable?
Why is the two-party system stronger in the US than in the UK or Canada?
How would world politics change if a mile-wide asteroid strikes Moscow along with all the key Russian politicians?
Should Canada get into progressive politics like Bernie Sanders to take money out of politics like the Young Turks promote?
What is the role of media in uncovering the corrupt powerful politicians?
Where is direct democracy possible?
Why are conservatives portrayed and accused by liberals as being intolerant bigots?
What are the liberal and conservative views on affirmative action and the economy?
Why was Akbaruddin Owaisi, the worst politician in India, never assassinated by intelligence agencies like the RAW or the NIA?
Are anarchists advocates of federalism or confederalism?
Can a MA in International Political Economy (in Warwick for example) lead to a career in finance?
What would happen if a state like California decided to leave the Union?
Why is it never liberals' fault that they lose an election?
If a large majority of people in a country want the land they are residing on to be a separate country, and a big protest is going on, then what will the government do?
What is the left wing?
If authority comes from God, why do political leaders (presidents, governors, senators) rig elections and then rule?
In the case of non-compliance of award by one party, what is the remedy available to the other party?
Are there any political reasons allowing more allowances allotted to SC/ST?
What are the different kinds of Democrats?
What is the fate of Europe?
Is it fair to draw comparisons between the current political landscape in Washington and the years leading up to the collapse of the Roman Republic?
Partisan bias aside, which U.S. political party is truly the least racist?
What happens say at UN Meeting, if one President kills a President from another country?
Do the extreme left and right realise that their views are extreme, and that more moderate views are possibly more reasonable and correct?
What's the most noble thing done by an ideological opponent of yours that didn't involve their changing or challenging their ideology?
Since power attracts the worst, wouldn't it be better if MPs/MoC were chosen at random from among all people having at least a master's degree?
What would change if the Labour Party wins the election?
Which is more likely: a Christian president or prime minister in a Muslim country, or a Muslim president or prime minister in a Christian country?
Do you think the Democrats will nominate someone on the left in 2020?
In Australian voting, if at least two have the same amount of votes, which one is going to be terminated first?
Why did the Presidents of Turkmenistan rule with a dictatorial personality cult?
How is a filibuster used in congress?
In France, when a mayor is appointed minister, is he still the mayor of his city?
Is populism on the rise in Europe?
When parliament is dissolved, will there be a prime minister?
Why are there still communist/socialist enthusiasts?
Can a master’s in international political economy lead you to a career in finance?
Comparatively, how important to becoming prosperous is access to occluded information from nation to nation?
Can the political questions on Quora be any more passive aggressive?
Which personality had a large number of people gathered during their funeral?
Is federalism in some Latin American countries successful?
Are all politicians liars and unethical?
Who is the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh?
What if USA had a Prime Minister?
How significant is Marxism today when the world is looking for a different philosophy for its socioeconomic structure?
When the United States becomes heavily involved in a country, should that country have some fraction of a vote for U.S. leaders?
What's the qualification to join Indian politics?
Do you see a striking similarity between Trump and Zuma of South Africa?
In your country's politics, which are more successful: liberal or conservative parties?
What do you think it will take to establish a stable government in Ethiopia?
Can a retired governor be eligible for an MLA or MP in India?
The U.S. uses a two party voting system. Do you think a two party system is effective?
What are some of the dirty tricks used by politicians in elections?
Are we going toward a world government?
What are the major political factors affecting international business?
Which (inter)national systems and institutions are in dire need of a major upgrade?
What are the legislative powers of the president?
How can I juxtapose the difference between government and governance?
Why is Gorsuch's confirmation considered a win for Trump? With a GOP Senate, and McConnell changing rules, how could it have failed?
Does the failed Venezuelan state prove that socialism doesn't work?
What exactly is Realpolitik?
Who did you vote for in the West of England metro mayor elections?
Is it true that 'gangs' are just power-structures that emerge from people who are disenfranchised by mainstream politics?
In a parliamentary system, what is the function of a president? How is he/she different than the prime minister? And how is he/she chosen?
What types of anarchism exist?
What are the benefits of individualism on national level?
Why do the Korean political parties keep changing names?
Does polarization help political parties to achieve their target votes or religion/caste factor works in Kerala?
What would most likely have happened if a large number of people threatened to commit suicide if a political leader is elected?
Who is the prime minister of Venezuela?
Would the US having instant runoff voting give third parties more influence?
Are fascism and communism both derived from socialism?
What is the best way to describe politics?
Why are some political members and leaders corrupt?
What shall be the next best move to bring a drastic change in Tamilnadu politics?
What are some examples of international organisations causing nation states to act in a way that they wouldn't otherwise, if the international organisation didn't exist?
What would be the socio-political and economic consequences of technological advances and widespread automation of economies?
If a conservative marries a liberal, will they produce centrist kids?
How did Russia go from being a secular, far-left dictatorship to a Christian, far-right dictatorship?
Do the military fight for our country or fight for the government (and are brainwashed by the government to believe they are fighting for our country)?
What is a “mean politician”?
What would be the solutions for political instability?
Do riots result in social or political change?
How can you outperform in too much office politics?
In what way is the 2017 Conservative Manifesto left wing?
What is your view on Rajinikanth’s political entry?
Why direct democracy is obsolete today?
Why do people tend to adopt a particular political ideology? Why is this becoming a trend?
Did MTV Rock the Vote make a measurable impact on voting?
Why did the Trump campaign opt for Mike Pence? What can we expect from him if he succeeds Trump as President?
Did people like Yogi Adityanath initially start cow politics only because all politics related to humans were already being managed by other ruling parties?
How does the Australian Constitution function in the Australian political system?
What are people in Germany hearing right now about the scandals in the Trump administration as of 5/18/2017?
Who is a more powerful authority, an MLA or a mayor?
Can one person be a president in 2 different countries?
Is the government of France different from the political system in the UK?
A YouGov poll suggests that the more education you have, the less likely you are to vote Conservative. Does this surprise you? Can you explain it?
If Latin American countries were not a direct threat to the US, why were they invaded by the US during the Cold War?
Is political correctness a regressive social state?
Were there any Israeli Prime Ministers who have actually killed people while serving in the IDF?
How I can analyse the political poles and their transformations according to theories of international relations?
With the current Russia/Trump collusion probe, those who testify claim sources of information are classified. When will those names be made known?
Who is the most powerful yet morally good political leader today? What impact have they had, and why are they who they are?
Who is the first President of Bihar?
Has any political party benefited out of a particular surname as much as the Congress has from the "Gandhi" tag?
Most politicians are corrupt or with criminal backgrounds and are greedy for power. Why should bureaucrats who truly work for the country be controlled by them?
Why would someone be a conservative but not a libertarian?
What effect do you think the attack in Manchester (22nd May 2017) will have on the election results?
As a liberal, which Conservative politicians do you have the most respect for?
Why is social media considered good for politics?
Exactly what constitutes treason? Is foreign government hacking not a form of warfare?
What percentage of people who identify with the ideals of the Libertarian party actually vote for one of the two major parties?
Can an MLA of a Dissolved State Assembly vote in India's President Election?
How do you view Dr. Jordan Peterson's views on Political Correctness, namely LGBQ labeling?
Is the UK general election a distraction for the great repeal bill? Should we be worried?
Why do the leftwing liberals always align themselves with the top 1% of the wealthiest people?
Is the Democratic Party actually Liberal?
If communism has to be on a global scale, how come anarcho-communism doesn't have to be?
Where are the electoral candidates at during the election day?
Is the Anti Powerpoint Party reasonable?
Is Rajnikanth planning to enter TN politics?
When will Mark Zuckerberg be running for political office, and which office will it be?
How can Bernie Sanders supporters change the Democratic Party?
Does democracy still work if the ignorant people are the majority?
Which political party is better than BJP?
Why is India not a one-party state?
Do the conservative party have a history of putting the country in debt?
What is the best reply to "Jaanta hai mera baap kaun hai"?
Would USA function as a parliamentary republic and would the American population be in favour of such changes?
What are the true reasons for why people don't worry about politics?
Are taxpayers forced to support political parties and candidates whose views they do not share?
What is the main theme of international political economy?
Is it worrying when people think a party won’t carry through on certain promises and voting based on that assumption?
Is Trump going to pull off the Nixon "I am not a crook" line, or are we already beyond that?
Why are Europe and other countries voting for either such odd or inexperienced political leaders? Is it disillusionment?
Is the European Union a federation or a confederation? How can one define its political set-up?
What are decentralized politics?
What are the main factors and reasons the alt-right and the left are currently rising in today's politics?
In the current social economic and political environment, which countries are likely to benefit the most?
What are Quora’s political inclinations?
What is good and bad about democracy happen in Mongolia?
Can double taxation be used to fight corruption in any nation? If yes, how?
What are the minimum votes required to become a member of the Rajya Sabah?
What would happen if the Indian President, Vice President, Prime Minister and Speaker all died at the same time?
Is a president of a country a manager?
Can you truly say Hillary Clinton, and her Washington elite, would be doing a better job?
Was the 1932 German federal election free and fair?
Why did democratic socialism evolve in Europe but not the US?
Who should I vote for in the general elections?
How is socialism in Scandinavian countries working? Why did that same socialism failed for Greece?
Why do other developed democracies (US, Canada, France) use ballot paper for voting instead of EVMs?
Which living US politician/public figure would make for the least divisive POTUS?
Which is worse, a military dictatorship, an absolute monarchy, or a theocracy?
Who exactly decided the Brits couldn't have guns, the people or the Parliament?
Why do NGOs seem have good ideas for solving world problems than most governments?
How will creating a school political party involving communism affect my outside life?
Are there academic theories of power capable of explaining the actual dynamics of conspiracies?
Would a two-party system be better for the Philippines than the current multi-party system is?
Why do sites like Tech Insider attract so many right-wingers?
Why is the US becoming progressively a socialist-imperialist country?
How do honest officers/politicians handle situations when they see corruption but have no proof?
Why doesn't Malia Obama go to a community college?
Can I pursue a career in international relations if I have a dual nationality?
How do I prepare for current affairs if I have less knowledge about current affairs?
If the British were ruling India, how did various political parties conduct elections?
How is liberal democracy an outgrowth of modernity?
We see a definite shift worldwide from globalization and liberalism to protectionism and nationalism. What are the reasons for this?
Will May's Britain be a one-party state, or a one-woman state?
How can an average person become a president?
Are there any pro-life Democrats?
What brought an end to the Brazilian military dictatorship?
Does the Constitution of Pakistan allow military interference? It seems that there is a lesser role of the Democratic government than the holy army?
Why isn’t the US installing a friendly right-wing leader in Venezuela now, while the country's in turmoil?
What are the chances of you being related to European monarchy?
How do I answer this type of questions in AIIMS 2017 ? "Country: President: : State: ? (A) Governor (B) Minister (C) Chief minister (D) Citizen"
What happens if we choose a president who always focuses on fears and who acts like a dictator?
Is it possible that all the countries on earth would merge into one single world coalition government?
Could growing up in a communist country cause narcissism?
What would happen if you refuse to address the President as "Mr. President"?
Regarding Tamil Nadu politics, what is the connection between Rajinikanth and P. Chidambaram?
What if every single world leader was right-wing?
What type of power does a Prime Minister or a President of any country has?
How can it be that some Americans vote for a radical leftist?
What would it take to restore the monarchies in Austria, Germany, Russia?
Why does the term international relations have a much wider meaning than international politics?
Why is it so hard to defend and so easy to attack in politics?
Is it acceptable in a democratic country like India that a fatwa be declared against someone?
Are there reports of politicians voting for their opponents?
What are the political and economic characteristics of a communist system?
What have the liberal democrats done for England and why should I (a liberal) give them my vote?
Is the American presidency voting system a joke to the rest of the world?
Who elects the national and state political party president and secretary in India?
Which section can be used to dismiss the ruling party?
What happens if all the clean people from BJP (including Modi) and congress form a separate party?
What political views and policies would lead to the least problems?
What was the political cause of the uprising of 1857?
What are some examples of political jargons?
Have you changed your mind about anything (race, religion, country, politics, history, etc.), since you've been on Quora?
Is there something seriously wrong with the religion of Islam?
What is the present situation in Indian politics?
What is the difference between religion and a political doutrine?
If left-wing people were put on one Earth and all the right-wing people were put on another, what would their respective worlds be like in 50 years?
What is the purpose of taking away a felon’s right to vote?
MH-17 Tribunal what is that from your point of view? A political farce or something I should learn about law? Besides, I know the public attitude here, in Russia, so I look forward to see what you guys think.
Why are new Cabinet Secretaries appointed after a President is Reelected?
When is the imposition of a president’s rule implemented?
What do the people wish from our politicians?
Is the Satanic Temple a political organization?
Who was the best chief minister of Tamil Nadu? Why?
Do you think Stephen Colbert should get fired?
What are the issues or problems that Estonia is currently facing?
What is an autocratic society?
Are there any statistics available on forecasting failures?
Does democracy breed weak and ineffectual leaders?
Will any national-level political party dare to ban the present caste-based reservation system in their manifestos (in the 2019 elections)?
What are the difficulties people face in a non-democratic democratic country?
My "secular" London state school allows Muslim students to pray, but provides seperate rooms for boys and girls. Is this endorsing Islamic sexism?
What do mainland Europeans think of the UK?
Considering that mostly Democrats commit gun violence in the US (98 percent), will gun control laws give them easier targets to shoot at?
How is Islam different from capitalism and communism?
What are some political ideas very few people know about?
Who do you think is a worthy presidential candidate for the forthcoming elections?
Is Turkey close to be the next Venezuela?
What are the arguments for monarchy?
What is the analysis for political poles according to the theory of realism, liberalism, English school, critical theory and constructivism?
How can I get involved in politics at a young age in the UK?
Why do some red states have Democratic governors and blue states Republican?
What is the definition of the term "political behavior"?
Is there a better way of teaching maths than exclusion?
Which songs are good to use for a political campaign to make people look positive to the future?
Why is it hard for politicians (who had no previous job experience before politics) to get a job after they leave office?
Could France head into a period of civil unrest the coming years after the election of 2017?
Are the modern Olympic games true to the stated mission, or have they become politicized?
Is democracy possible without capitalism?
Why has the EC gone silent on EVM Hackathon?
What political party would members of the Avengers be?
Isn't the redistribution of wealth the same as socialism? Is this the current policy direction of the Democratic Party in the U.S.?
Which political leader do you think will fill the void left by JJ in TN?
How did American companies gain a strong foothold all over the world?
Are Australia's interests that similar to US interests, or are Chinese commentators right to claim that US bases are "holding a gun to our head"?
Is national investigation agency of India good place to work? Is it free from any political influence?
What is anarchism, and what are its branches?
Do you think if actor Rajinikanth gets into TN politics next year, will he win the next state election and become CM?
Should non-citizens living in a particular country be allowed to vote in local elections?
Who is responsible for the political uncertainty in J & K?
Is there a term for wanting adverse events to occur to prove a point?
What is the conservative response to the allegations of voter suppression made in the Greg Palast documentary "The best democracy Money Can Buy"?
Why does Rex Tillerson want renegotiate the Paris Agreement, not pull out completely?
Why did Trump win but Le Pen lost?
Did countries prosper under fascism? My great grandfather was from fascist Italy and said it was a much better place than it is today.
Why does America fail to condemn fascist antifascists?
When did it became mainstream for Eurosceptics to be right-wing?
Which political party would a business analyser working in London vote in the up-coming election and why?
How can we apply Machine Learning in Political Science/Politics?
What are the established facts of the Brazilian political crisis that has been ongoing since 2014, behind partisan narratives from all sides?
What is it like to live through the transition of your country from a democracy to a dictatorship?
Is it ethical for naturalized citizens to engage in diaspora politics of their homeland?
What is the role of government in the business sector?
What do you mean by dirty politics?
What are street politics?
What form of government would you like to have in your country?
How does globalization affect the international political economy?
What are the pitfalls of martial law, especially for the economy of state?
Do you believe that liberalism and capitalism are fully compatible?
Is religious fanaticism in politics harmful for a democratic setup?
What are your thoughts on Clinton blaming Comey for her loss and calling herself a part of "The Resistance"?
Are Russians getting tired of one man ruling and the corruption that seems to exist, despite 18 years? Is it time for a change?
Did Trump deliver his speech in Saudi without a teleprompter?
What's political symbolism?
Why do people vote for Lalu Prasad Yadav and his party?
"Optics" has suddenly become a popular political term. How did this just develop?
Why don't Democrats reach out to Republican voters, instead of talking about how they'll die off in a few years?
Which side of the political divide in Northern Ireland did more to bring communities together?
I own houses in 2 different states. Can I vote in the municipal and assembly elections of both the states?
Why hasn't USA annexed Puerto Rico yet? Now with Puerto Rico's financial problems, will it join the Union?
Why is an independent election commission important?
If a particular demographic is statistically tied to a type of crime, is it bigoted for the larger population to not want any more of the demographic?
How much will India benefit from Rouhani being re-elected as Iranian President?
Is Malaysia commonly seen by other countries as a corrupt country led by corrupt leaders?
Can true non-partisanship actually exist?
What is the rationale for foreign interference in a democratic election being intrinsically bad?
Can lawmakers enact legislation for any purpose “in the public interest” or are they limited to those functions which delegate special powers?
What are some examples of political nationalism?
Which are the democratic countries having fundamental duties in their constitution?
Should Iran support Azerbaijan in the Karabakh conflict?
What happens if Rajnikanth joins politics?
What is the exact meaning of “Minister of State for Home affairs”?
Why are British Indians so powerful and wealthy?
Should the Philippines move to a federalist form of government and why?
When should you not vote in a democracy?
How was the government formed?
What are politics and values?
What if the world was under one ruler?
How could Hitler's hatred for communism have helped him?
What major events have happened in the U.S. since January?
How do we choose our president?
Has anyone gone on a political journey from one ideology to the next?
Is Vietnam a democracy?
Why should hillbilly states like Alabama and Kansas have the same congressional representation as larger civilized states?
What is France’s type of government?
What would conservative Muslim opinions look like in US politics?
Why are most right wing populist leaders across the world similar at making hollow claims?
Do you try to understand the Turkish point of view when it comes to EU-Turkish relations?
What are the empirical effects of countries having a presidential versus parliamentary system?
Does the 1st Amendment allow people to block highways peacefully?
Is money has all powers for politicians?
Would anarcho capitalism be possible to implement?
Shouldn't the British government take steps against those elites (media houses, businesses, NGOs and political parties) in foreign nations where they've only increased enmity?
Should religious beliefs have any part of politics?
Why is Saudi female empowerment led by women with wealth and means rather than middle/lower class women?
Who was the first deputy chief minister of Bihar, and what was his contribution to the Independence movement?
I really have linguistic abilities as well as good knowledge in political issues, how can I reach the channels and get interviews with them?
What types of government are an oligarchy, autocracy, and democracy?
Do we have a moral imperative to unconditionally observe certain fundamental human rights?
Who will decide if a nation can follow a presidential system or parliamentary system?
Why are politics and sports two insanely popular obsessions people fall into?
Will Rajnikanth be better off being a kingmaker in TN politics?
How do I protect myself against being fired for my political views?
Who holds power over Romanian government besides their cabinet?
What are the “executive” and the “legislature”? Why does the responsibility of the executive change in a presidential system compared to a parliamentary system?
Someone I know once said that Japanese nationalism was basically communism. Is this accurate?
Why are Christians traditionally right-wing?
If a president dies mid-term, and the VP finishes off the rest of his/her term, does the VP get to run for president once or twice after that?
What is Political Obligations and what are it's theories from liberal perspective?
What are the functions of the legislative branch?
What’s your expectation from the local election in Nepal?
How powerful is the Indian government?
Why can’t even one Republican stand up and admit that Kellyanne Conway makes absolutely no sense?
Do forms of government matter without economic opportunities?
If you get a chance to end the political career of 3 Indian politicians, who would they be?
Should world leaders consider morality in the conduct of international relationships?
Did the Iran Revolution in 1979 indirectly cause the Iran--Iraq War?
What happens when a country doesn't follow ICJ's judgement?
Is the term "liberal" outdated?
What would happen if Trump & Pence got impeached for corruption? Would Paul Ryan become President?
How, or why, do Republicans (in terms of the governor) have a hold on Democratic states such as Maryland and New Jersey?
For people not in the US, has Trump made you pay attention to US politics in a way you didn't before?
Has there ever been a film which has caused protests, riots, violence, or tomatoes thrown at in cinemas?
Do you loathe rampant political correctness on Quora?
Would the world be a better place without politics?
What would happen is all conservatives were persuaded to become liberal?
How did religion affect politics in Tibetan history?
Which was the first African nation to elect a woman as its president?
Will Milo's lawsuit of Simon and Schuster succeed?
Should Members of Parliament be given rewards when they pursue education during their tenure?
Why do particulate political party representative attend Arnab Goswamy kind of television debate to get trashed like this whatever the matter is?
Is there a foreign policy newspaper that is not left-wing? I would prefer either a conservative or a libertarian one.
Wasn't there a time when right wing people were suspicious of Russia?
How did Meir Dagan, former head of Mossad, view Netanyahu?
Do you prefer communism or capitalism?
What are your concerns and reservations about the Lagos State Government reforms in the transportation sector later this year?
What is the most conservative opinion you have?
Why does nationalism have such a bad connotation?
How do you fight off the feeling that no matter what you do, nothing will change about American politics?
Is an education in law necessary for politicians?
What is a blue ribbon commission?
Is it better for school board members to be elected or appointed?
What's Russia's (Putin's) interest (if any) in electing right-wing parties in other countries?
Is the parliament system in politics based on the Socratic method or dialogue?
How do you picture 'Life' in a Perfect Utopian Society?
How many Parliamentary forums at present in India ?
Why are non-government organisations positive things? Towards the world and ourselves.
If a politician can't get elected to the senate in their own state, do they move to another state and run there?
Should Yogiji be the next BJP candidate in 2024 after Modiji wins the elections in 2019?
What is the “politics of becoming” that William Connolly mentions in his book "Why I Am Not a Secularist"?
Did the Indian democracy run with casteism? Can the Indian democracy run beside any one religion?
Have the Democrats lost their liberal supporters for leftist?
What would have been the economical and political landscape of today if oil had not been found in the Middle East?
Why do the Conservatives hate the poor?
Who is more powerful politically: Narendra Modi or Vladimir Putin?
Is liberalism hijacked from the inside?
How does the media control politics?
What are different types of federalism? Which of it is followed by India?
Was Lenin a good example of how communism should work?
Is it possible to resolve Kashmir, Moism, and Naxalism if any Tamilian is the prime minister?
Why do you think academics are striving to become politicians & defeat political corruption instead of defeating the fraud and corruption in academia?
Who supports democracy as it is today and why?
Should leftists support Rojava?
Can you explain whether Huey Long's obscure phrase, "if fascism comes to America, it will be called anti-fascism," is correct when understanding antifa?
Why are people on Quora so polite?
Why isn't the current political Zionism considered to be equivalent of a right-wing extremist ideologue?
How did ABVP become leader of Indian student politics?
Which members of the UK cabinet have "unsafe" parliamentary seats?
What do Democrats think now of "Elections have consequences"?
How are countries like the UK and France able to have multiple political parties?
How did nationalism grow in Latin America?
What is your opinion on Saurabh Bhardwaj's EVM demo?
What is the comparison between parliamentary and presidential (executive) forms of government, with reference to India and the USA?
Politically, is the world becoming more divisive or less so?
For history class, I have to give a speech. I have to take the side of Idi Amin, the Ugandan dictator. How should I approach this?
Why is politics said to be a dirty job?
If every being are univerally connected to one, why are we taught politics, by such learned people like Chanakya?
With the manipulation of the prosecutors' office in the Lezo case, should the Chief Fiscal Maza and the Anticorruption Fiscal Moix resign?
How should a 2016 accounting graduate break into public service/politics when most positions require a social sciences major?
What is the capitalist version of national socialism?
In what ways did resistance to totalitarian regimes arise in WWII?
How can you define high politics?
What do you think it would be a good name for a new political party/movement in Europe?
Why is Lalu Yadav so successful in Bihar politics?
What makes authoritarianism and oppression of political opponents more dignified in Singapore than in Russia?
Is it possible that alternative forms of communism would work? Can you think of similar approaches?
Do neoconservatism and Marxism have anything in common?
When did being liberal become a bad thing? Why is there so much hatred for liberals?
How would you feel if you interfered with a foreign country's election and got away with it?
As a caring citizen who has no time to run for office, what can I do to resist Republicans' inhumane policies? I already vote & write my legislators.
Who is the most corrupt politician in Pakistan and why?
What is it like to hold nationalist and conservative views in a liberal university? What would happen if you speak your opinion?
What are the pros and cons of Estonia getting the first AI member of parliament?
Why did the Kochs offer millions to vote against ACA repeal? I'm so confused.
Why has socialism never worked?
Why don't people recognize that communism is contrary to human nature?
How can we get rid of the political parties with all the prejudices these entail?
What is the major issue of Pakistan from the very first day of its emergence? Bad political scenario or finance collections?
In which direction is Iranian politics heading?
Should liberals be allowed to vote?
What is the difference between art and science of politics?
Can you imagine if Russian news media ever questioned Putin's popularity in polls, in the context of how Hitler's popularity did not equal legitimacy?
Is it an inalienable human right to be not smart?
Why isn’t the Government of India sending Lalu Prasad Yadav to jail?
“If even 1% of the population of a nation is radicalized, the future of the nation is uncertain.” Is Europe threatened by any religious invasion?
Does the political left stand for homogeneity or heterogeneity?
How could "public governance" curb the rampant corruption that prevails in all the three arms of the government?
Why is the West so politically correct?
Do Russians support restoring the monarchy?
What is the importance of the political ecology of health?
Why do communist/socialist states like North Korea and China call themselves democratic republics?
Could we be in for a surprise Democratic victory in the May 25th Montana house special election?
What are the characteristics of external sovereignty?
Why do people become socialists?
Is e-governance a good way to reduce corruption?
Quora is becoming a country. You must elect a cabinet in this virtual country. Which Quorans do you choose?
What is wrong with American politics?
What would happen if you assassinated an ex-president? Is there a difference politically between a current and former POTUS dying by your hand?
What psychological state allows the GOP to push their health care plan when they know it will inevitably hurt or kill many people?
Where did US Representative Al Green find the people to fake the threatening tapes?
Am I the only one disgusted with US politics?
How do I form a political party for Himachal Pradesh state election 2017 to give a platform to deserving candidates?
What is a one-party system?
Why weren’t the words socialist and sovereign added to the constitution earlier?
Who prefers and spends more on the provision of global public goods? Is it left- or right-wing parties?
How bad is the US at separating church and state?
If liberals want universal health care, then why did they pass Obamacare and not a universal health care bill under the Obama administration?
Why has the world suddenly become interested in stabilizing somalia after ignoring it for over 20 years?
Who is the current central foreign minister?
Is the way Putin's supporters denying Assad's crematorium the same as how many one time denied the Holocaust?
Is the term National Socialist offensive to use?
When was the last time politics did massive good for humanity?
What factors influence the political equilibrium?
Why is the idea of slowly moving the mortgage market away from being underpinned by the government a good idea?
Is unregulated partisan media propaganda facilitating the collapse of America?
What are the role of caste in Indian politics?
What is your opinion on the level of political knowledge among youth in India?
Is it true that most Russians think politics is something only the political power in Moscow deal with?
Can Rajinikanth become a good politician?
If you’re a political leader of India’s democratic party and you won, what would you do?
How can I practice communism on my own to experiment with?
Can the use of propaganda be justified?
What do you think are the dumbest cliches in contemporary political discourse?
Has Ravish Kumar ever questioned Lalu Prasad Yadav?
What are the political challenges in the Philippines?
What are the obstacles of the libertarian movement, outside of the USA?
How are Italian political polls done?
Was Nazism derived from both fascism and socialism?
Should students have walked out on the Pence speech?
Which American political talk show personalities do you think are completely biased?
Has Canada ever abandoned liberalism?
Why would a non-rich person vote for a right-wing party? What benefit would they gain from it?
How can the government limit the right to assembly?
How can scientists protest against corrupt officials?
What are the positive aspects of political system of Pakistan?
Is international/western intervention justifiable or necessary in the Arab World?
How long will 'nations' continue to exist? What could the next structure be?
Why don't politicians work for the very people who vote for them, knowing that if they deliver only 10-20% of what is needed, that people will vote for them again?
Do Democrats really hate Russia just because it quit on Communism?
Can a NRI is allowed to become office bearer in any political party of India?
Which is the best way to vote with an EV ballot?
Is the politics of 'spin' inevitable in the media age?
Which religion has more politics in it and which one has the least?
Is it right that politicians pass bills for assembly house wages and perks that are disproportional to their work input?
Why don't we see any politician talking about the end of reservations, including PM Modi?
Would it be against the code of conduct of the election commission to change the government before the second phase of the local election in Nepal?
Is there election prediction software?
How important is change in life and in governance (politics)?
Which political party did Rajinikanth support in the 90s?
Can a president be impeached for gross incompetence?
Is the Chinese government challenging the notion that democracy is the best governing system?
Why can't there be a chief minister for India?
Why do so many poor people in the UK vote Tory when the party so blatantly favours the rich?
After his term, do you think Donald Trump will write a book? If so, what might it be called?
Do you think the USA is behind the attempts to dissolve the EU?
What is the key difference between cooperative and competitive federalism?
If the world is under a one world government, can it get rid of primordialism, racism, ageism, ethnocentrism?
Is Justin Trudeau a populist?
Have there been any phases in history similar to the current political scenario?
What specific evidence or reasoning explains why a special counsel has been appointed to investigate Trump and collusion with the Russians?
What are examples of communist states?
What are the different kinds of prominent political constitutionts/theories and what are their pros and cons?
Why is sharia law controversial?
For some African countries, like Zimbabwe, how do they end up in economical and political turmoil?
In a democracy, what can a far right party actually do?
How are nation states formed when there is conflict and migration?
Why can't we remove bigots who are leaders of a country?
Do the USA, in a completely genuine sense, need a president who is also a showman of sorts?
Does communism take away your freedom?
If you could swap places with the President/Prime Minister/etc. of any country during any time period, who would it be, why, and what would you do?
When did the right wing become so enamored of cruelty?
How can the criminalization of politics be avoided?
How do I become a politician in Ukraine?
It breaks my heart to see political leaders dividing my country for their own benefits. Isn't there any way to reunite people?
Why does a person seriously believe that Fidel Castro was not an infamous, evil dictator?
Will Syria be like post WWII Germany in terms of fast economic development once the war is over? Why? Why not?
Is it disingenuous to appear as a social justice liberal to one group and then a far-right conservative amongst another?
How can the revolutionary left assimilate enough solidarity to destroy fascism?
Do you feel hopeless when discussing politics?
What would happen if all the countries on Earth will be destroyed completely except one?
What are the recent evidences of existence of a one world government/Illuminati/shadow government?
What is a state religion?
Who is the present home minister?
Why does the NYC government do so much more to protect its residents than any other city in America?
Why does the largest democracy fail in occupied J&K?
Don't conservatives realize that liberals are not going away? Will not stop voting? Will not lose interest in the American process?
Why do conservatives post so much political ideology thinly disguised as questions?
What are the functions of cabinet ministers?
What is the science in politics?
What books or resources do you recommend for a broad overview of government theory (democracies/totalitarian, etc?)
Should private land and banks be illegal? If so, why?
Have Australian politics stabilized or will we see more prime ministers with shortened terms?
Which Indian political party would the Avengers belong to?
Why do liberal democracy and capitalism go hand in hand?
What has caused the rise of extremism in the world in recent time?
What do Scandinavians think of democratic socialism?
What is your expectation of Sri Lanka in the next 15 years politically, economically and socially?
Where is the Socialist Paradise?
What are the people in Venuezla protesting?
Is there a geographic reason for the liberal leaning?
How can I learn about communism?
Why do political parties not want to include eradication of the caste system into their manifestos?
What is the best way to motivate and encourage the youth to understand and even get involved in politics?
What are your predictions for the African continent in this century?
How can I win an election as a short male?
Why didn't Jesus get involved in politics?
Why are political parties fearing after hearing the news that Rajinikanth is going to enter politics?
How does the state government (from the opposition party) generate money?
Who could be the next opposing PM against Narendra Modi?
Are there any countries which successfully made a transition from the two-party system to the multiparty system?
Why is India a democratic country and not communist?
How is economic cost calculated for APL families under targeted PDS in India?
What is so important about politics to you?
What are some outrageously false myths/canards that persist among liberals and progressives?
What does the local government do for schools?
Feminists are trying to fix "the wage gap" but why do they ignore "the spending gap" in which statistics show women spend more than men?
What should be done to politicians who do not fulfill their promises?
Is it true that homosexuality being normalized is a symptom of society collapsing?
How great is UC Berkeley's international relations/political science division? Are the teachers abrasive?
Could the current polarization in American politics lead in the long run to separate ethnic groups?
When did being liberal become a bad thing? Why do people hate liberals so much?
What nation is most likely to cause World War III? (Which is the nation that will be the "bad guy"?)
What do you mean by dirty jobs in politics?
Are liberals only liberals because of the lack of racial "diversity" in their states?
Can ICJ rule out a country's Supreme Court?
What are the repercussions of Babiš' probable resignation as Minister of Finance for the Czech political scene?
Have you ever changed someone’s political opinions through debating/arguing with them?
How will the current French election affect world politics?
What if America was a constitutional monarchy, and Britain was a federal republic?
Is it true that internal politics at older media outlets like the New York Times are a bigger barrier to progress than coming up with a new direction?
Our country, India, is both democratic and a republic. What is the difference between democratic and a republic?
How do I convince a socialist that socialism doesn't work?
Do you prefer communism, socialism or capitalism?
Does white privilege exist? If so, what is it?
What are things that only Tamil people do?
Which group would vote for themselves to become a minority in their own country?
How is Pakistan now practicing democracy instead of military rule?
Why is Congress so powerful?
What is Maoism, and how does it differ from Marxism?
Has there ever been a religious totalitarian state?
What happens when a member of the Lok Sabha (Mallikarjun Kharge) wants to ask questions to a minister who is elected to the Rajya Sabha (Arun Jaitley)?
What are some bad things that Betsy Devos did or is planning on doing?
What would be the pros & cons of an election law requiring any donations to a political campaign to come from a person or business within the polity?
What if Operation Ajax never occurred? Would Iran be a democracy today?
I'm pro-life but I agree with Democrats on almost every other issue, who can I vote for?
As the United States grows more divided each day, do you think there will be an ideological civil war in the country?
What should be the best speech for democracy?
If you can get sure answers on 3 questions about the future, what would those questions be?
What kind of career should a future presidential candidate pursue in order to become a president?
Why don't socialists advocate equal distribution of sexual pleasure?
What is the most powerful computer in the world 2017?
What would happen if the leader of your country suddenly announced that he/she is actually gay/bi?
Will the all-party meet convened by the Election Commission on May 12th end the controversy on EVMs?
Which are the best student-involved government programs around the world?
What happened to leftism?
In what bad ways do politicians drive the media to influence our minds? What are their means of doing so?
Why is Vladimir Putin into larger government when it comes to economic freedoms, for someone who is big on being tough and hard on people?
Why does the "made in" label matters?
What texts and experiences shaped the development of your political views? What were the seminal factors in the growth of your civic sensibilities?
Who is the legal minister?
Why are Americans so naive to believe in democracy?
In what way are politics affected by social media?
As a psychopath, what are your political leanings and how do you think you developed those positions?
Why are there so few brown senators?
What is democratic government?
Who is the best politician in Bihar? Why?
Why do Republicans constantly say that Democrats believe that Russia changed ballots or interfered at the voting places?
What is the ACLU's position on political correctness?
Why are there very few women in high-ranking political positions in China?
What is the shortest and best Definitions of institution?
How can I prove to right wingers that we leftists don't want to ban religion?
Shouldn't Sally Yates run for political office?
What topics related to current affairs or politics can be asked at an interview?
Would a highly politically-active left-wing woman consider dating a right-wing man, despite their radical differences in opinion?
How is/was the son/daughter of a rich Venezuelan politician?
How would Trump be rated right now among all the government leaders in the world (best to worst)?
How plausible is it for Trump's Administration to become a dictatorship?
Is there a word to differentiate reasonable conservatives from the current crop of radical conservative poseurs?
Does the DPRK president Kim Jong-un travel overseas, like to visit Russia, China, etc.?
Do democrat and republican liberals still believe and stand for liberty alike?
How does the political spectrum work?
How do the British feel about the “First Past The Post” system? Theoretically it's possible for a party to win 49% or more and not have one MP.
Why can’t a good economist be a good politician in this modern world?
Wouldn't China benefit from replacing Kim Jong-un, even through an "accidental poisoning" from overeating?
What does federalism mean?
Why do the left liberals continue to attack President Trump?
What do you think of the Open Challenge on EVM tampering posed by Election Commission of India to all Political Parties from 3rd June?
Why don't the Pakistani people organise a massive rebellion against the incumbent establishment to root out corruption & improve their country?
Is centrism a good solution to the politically left and right?
What is the most complicated political/economic ideology?
What is the greatest deception (or conceit) in human thinking about science, religion, politics, and history?
Do you consider the claim that social democrats are responsible for Rosa Luxemburg's death valid?
America seems to be politically divided as never before, and it seems to be getting even worse. When will this polarization stop?
Why does VS Naipaul say there is a fundamental flaw in the Indian ethos?
To what extent was Spain a fascist state?
What hypothetical scenarios would destroy the Tories government before the General Election 2017?
Why doesn’t Quora create a debate section since many of the questions on religion/political scenarios and the likes seem to be debatable rather than plain Q&A?
What are some examples of presidential powers?
What is the benefit of the 2 party political system if progress is stalled or reversed whenever the party majority shifts from one election cycle to the next?
What happens to government officials or agents abroad if a country collapses?
Are people's political views determined by their news sources?
What is the only difference between politicians and prostitutes?
Who formed the first coalition government in an Indian state?
What are the contemporary geopolitical issues going on? Also, what is the world up to post-Trump rule?
Is the only problem with communism the lack of incentive to work? If so, how can you fix it?
Has Iraq become a democratic country, providing every human with rights?
Why does the political left not acknowledge the hypocrisy of the rhetoric that targets their political adversaries as somehow uniquely associated with historic acts of evil when similar rhetoric could be in fact leveled against them with similar truth?
Are there people on Quora who use the term "cuck" in a non-ironic manner when discussing political issues?
What would have happened if Darth Maul and Savage Opress had killed Darth Sidious/Chancellor Palpatine in 20 BBY?
What are the ups and downs of Nebraska's unicameral legislature?
What is the cost of an average local political campaign in the US?
What is the president's role in parliament?
Is there really any way to fight corruption?
Do you agree with the democracy system?
What is the minimum amount of time that has been observed to implement an infrastructure with government support in a corrupted country?
Will the time come when people can be free to choose between a socialist and capitalist system?
Who is your favorite U.S. Senator who doesn't represent your home state?
Considering the present scenario, is democracy worth it or should there be a military rule of a monarchy?
Should the position of police have term limits and be rotated among the citizenry?
What is the advantage and disadvantage of a parliamentary democracy?
Does Ali AlShamshi believe in technocratic communism?
How do citizens of tyrant Arab states feel about political life?
What are the contributions of APJ Abdul as a president?
What is the meaning of radical democracy?
With center-right governments being elected worldwide, what changes do you forsee for people around the world?
What are your views on the political uncertainty in Tamil Nadu?
What are Russia's most prominent social conservative politicians?
Is there any real fundamental difference between dictatorship and monarchy besides the invocation of divine mandate?
What party is closest to my views? I'm socially conservative and fiscally liberal.
Are the citizens in Portugal pleased with their government?
Why can’t we change the parliamentary system of India?
Did American founders invent the presidential system of government?
Since "progressives" are now actually "regressives", will the right wing be the new home of free-thinking liberal ideology?
What will it take to unify the governments of the world?
Who is the most eligible person for the post of next Indian President?
"The goal of socialism is communism." Why is this Lenin quote not taken seriously?
How high do you rate Ecology in your political priorities?
Has a current Prime Minister ever lost their seat?
What do you study in politics?
Is there any place in this world which is ruled by two countries?
Is it better for a country to believe in God than a political ideology?
Has the Democratic Party thrown out personal responsibility by inventing political "rights" for identity groups?
What would happen if people were penalized for being on the wrong side of a vote in a democracy? Would that necessarily lead anywhere dystopian?
What are some examples of Bill Maher using double standards between liberal and conservative politicians?
What was your last major political victory?
Would there still be gambling under communism?
Who is the best person to become the 7th Malaysian Prime Minister?
Given the political atmosphere, will we see more citizens leaving America?
How do I become an MLA, or at least a Corporator? How do I start? I don't have any political connections or background.
Is King Ravana better than current-day politicians? Don't consider his controversies, rather his administration.
Why doesn't China help Vietnam solve corruption by punishing corrupt Vietnamese officials?
Is Republican TV for the citizens or for the politicians in India?
Can communism and capitalism co exist?
How does Canada compare on the world stage militarily, economically and as an overall political power?
In public relations and politics, is spin inevitable?
Is the world becoming more fun?
How do Americans justify that democracy is the system every country should implement when the democracy in their country could easily be compromised?
Are all Indian male politicians “randibaaz” (womanizers)?
Is the world heading towards a new definition of nationalism, which means supporting right-wing ideologies?
Are Indians able to differentiate between politics and religion?
What are some TV programs that have good debates?
What is political nationalism?
How is Mumbai different from Thane politically?
Do only politicians become president?
Which Kurdish political party or organization do you like the most and which do you oppose the most and why?
Why are fascist ideologies considered “extreme right”, when they are in reality in the center of the political spectrum?
What does Gordon Miller think of libertarianism?
Is Vietnam a carbon copy of Communist Yugoslavia?
How can democracy best be protected?
What are the causes and effects of concentration of economic power in the hands of few?
What are your views on the recent pulse scam of 400 crores in the Maharashtra Government?
What is the importance of direct democracy?
Why are there enemies and allies between nations? And why are there conflicts between politicians about an idea or opinion?
How do pluralist politics work?
Is it true that in the next European elections Europeans will vote in Europarties instead of national ones?
If we had a more deliberative democracy would populism remain?
In the British parliamentary system of government, what happens if there is a tie in votes between 2 parties in a general election?
Should India break up Uttar Pradesh into smaller states for better governance?
Do political parties in Tamil Nadu fear Rajinikanth's entry into politics?
What percentage of Americans are leftist, centerfield conservatives and right wingers?
Has Harvard ruined its reputation by admitting Obama, the worst president in history, through affirmative action?
What are some great features of past and present communist countries?
Who do you respect the most, in the political party that you oppose?
What do Germans think of the victory of Angela Merkel's CDU in North West Westphalia?
Why do governments not encourage vigilantes?
How the ''sanctity of state'' is the characteristic of a dictatorial regime?
Can Democrats point to a place in the Constitution where the so-called PolitiFact is mentioned?
Do any of you feel that local government should be more prominent than federal government?
How do Greeks feel for having a radical left party in the government?
What do you think of a possible Mark Zuckerberg presidency?
Would the American political system be improved if voters didn't know which party the candidate was from and voted based on their individual platform?
What would "Fly Over Country" like to hear from the Democratic party that would earn their vote?
Is democracy as we know it in demise?
Would the American people accept a political party similar to the UK Labour party? Would the party be successful?
On Brexit, is no deal better than a bad deal?
Do you have to be white to be alt-right in politics?
What would you do if you were the dictator of India with full power?
Why are tariffs bad?
Trump signs an executive order that allows the church to engage in politics. How bad is this? And will we see churches engaged in politics a lot?
Why should the speaker of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha be selected from the house itself?
If both houses of Congress vote to appoint an independent counsel, can the President veto this?
Why did New York City elect Republican mayors, yet always votes for a Democratic president?
Where can I find “Country: President: :State: Governor” questions to practise?
What is the oldest good political party in Bangladesh?
What's it like being a center-leaning person watching their country be torn apart by the far left and far right?
Why is CNN calling Duterte an undemocratic leader when he is the democratically elected leader of the Philippines?
Who are the key political philosophers regarding political representation?
Do right wingers in India hate left wingers?
What is meant by “he is a leftist”?
Given that communists have caused more suffering than even the Nazis, why do people support communism?
How does a constitution as a structural instrument of the state attempt to introduce political order in a society?
What are some ideological differences between "Indicate" and "Syndicate" after 1969 split of congress?
Is an actual politics about the art of eliminating structural violence?
Is it time for the western democracies to help Iran become a better balanced country?
If a United States President is impeached and found guilty, is that same President able to grant themselves a Presidential pardon?
Should there be a term limit for serving in Congress?
Are the Young Turks, Tim Poole, or any other independent journalist, propagandists when selling their ideology or thoughts on politics?
Are there any cabinet ministers with doctorates in Singapore?
Why would YouGov not ask someone which Prime Minister they would vote for, even though they’ve made it clear they’re interested in politics?
Why do only few monarchies exist today?
What is the best counter argument to "power resides only where men believe it resides"?
What happened with Sally Yates?
What are the politicians representing you doing good and/or bad?
What is a pigeonhole in congress?
Is the criminalisation of politics the cause of rising election expenditures or the other way round?
Should we continue to support the two party system?
What is the future of Brazil's estate? Is democracy in danger?
Should we set a limit for political correctness?
If the US and the West hadn’t acted in the way they did, would the soviets have won the cold war?
Is healthcare an entitlement?
What qualities makes the speaker of the house to be the second in line for the presidency?
What would happen if we were to lose separation of church and state? Is this possible in the U.S. now?
What are some rarely known political facts around the world?
Is Macron an exceptional politician and will he turn around France?
Why didn't China sign the Rome Statute?
What are some lies told by progressives?
What would a Graphologists' analysis conclude about Donald Trump’s signature?
What do you know about Brazil’s actual politic situation? And what do you think about it?
Did the Russians manage the political campaigns of democracies like India, the USA, or France, given the strikingly similar style?
Do recent developments at Fox News suggest that right-wingers are more sexist than left-wingers?
Why does the US have no prime minister?
What are the sources of power in politics?
Shouldn't the party you vote for get that vote and not be given to another party?
Between a terrorist and a nationalist, what’s more dangerous for a nation?
Would it be possible to turn the USA to a dictatorship, if possible how?
How many dictators were first elected as President?
What did you do that made government officials visit you?
Why do Democrats claim communism is different from socialism when Communist Russia called itself the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics?
Would it be possible to craft a new party in the US that appealed to the political center?
What is the actual difference between a socialist and communist economy?
Why would true socialism or communism work?
Does US have an elected government and a superior hidden government?
Can you bring an example when a politician (in a democratic country) used religion for political gains?
Why do socialist governments suppress freedom of speech more than other governments?
Why did Communism fail in almost every country where it was adopted? What is it about Communism that makes way for dictatorships?
Can the people of Quora argue for the opposition's political arguments?
Ex-communists, what made you leave communism?
Why is socialist Venezuela collapsing?
What are the opinions of youth on Indian politics?
Why did so many more people vote in the 2004 election than the 2000 election?
For history, I have to give a speech in the perspective of Idi Amin, the African dictator, about an actual (political) subject. Any suggestions?
What was the political condition of India at the time of the Turkish invasion?
How can we stop Nepotism in Indian politics?
Who was New Zealand's greatest prime minister?
How do you deal with feeling depressed about politics and current affairs?
Just as the Republican party became conservative with time, and the Democratic party became liberal, what might happen in another 100 years?
What is the distinct definition of fascism, and what are its traits?
How can I respectfully disagree with someone with opposing political views?
How do I write an election campaign management case study?
How does sovereignty affect the way other states approach ISIS?
Who is the worst Indian politician according to Shivam Sanghvi, and why?
How would you construct a question (or title for an article) that includes religion, race, politics, Trump’s election and the Civil War?
Is it possible for the ruling government to alter general election results in Malaysia?
Is India democratic? Or just pretending to be democratic?
How can the world function without money in Star Trek?
When will Raj Thackeray become CM of Maharashtra?
Is there a generally well-accepted definition of fascism?
Are Tamils generally more left wing or right wing?
How can we start an armed revolution against any repressive government to overthrow the government?
What should one do to become a good​ politician in India?
How does a politician become a political party member? Can the respective party simply say "no, we don't want you"?
Could Ben Shapiro debate any politician and win?
Is capitalism failing and will it face the same fate as communism due to the super expanding inequality?
Why didn't Karl Marx finish Capital Volume II and III before his deathbed?
How is statistics applied in politics?
Why are some politicians more loyal to the party than the voters?
Are you for or against government monitoring? And why?
Do you think businessmen make good politicians?
Is the Trump association divided?
Why is Jewish lobby so influential in the politics of the USA?
A professor told me that all the power in the world is 'a river' damned by the most powerful people (2-3) in the world. How true is this statement?
What would be the solution to the problem "winning elections without money "?
What is your opinion about the Electronic Voting Machines for elections? Are they vulnerable to fraud?
Should India think about transforming the country's government from a parliamentary system to an executive presidency?
What has to be done to promote and protect areas affected by civil unrest?
Are you a progressive liberal, a conservative or a neoliberal?
Why the world people turning in to Far-Right?
Which US political party is most aligned with the philosophy of "live and let live"?
To what extent do the media shape political attitudes?
Why is a big government good?
What is the solution of left-wing militancy in India?
Why do most liberals support socialism but not monetary freedom?
What is communication theory in political science?
What do you mean by democracy? How is it implemented?
Do we need educated citizens for democracy?
While you can't legally get alcohol if you are under 21 at least in some countries, can you give people alcohol who are over 21?
What's wrong with Trump’s governance?
Is it wrong to question the action or inaction of the government, military and judiciary in a democratic country like India?
Is democracy a form of patsy scheme?
Can I be a communist and not support transgenders?
What are some books that are in favor of the political, and philosophical ideology of fascism? As well as the failures of other political systems.
Who is the most charming female politician?
What are the biggest reasons why the citizens of the U.K. voted for Brexit?
Can a political party change its name?
How would you and your fellow countrymen react if your leaders started wearing capes?
My boyfriend and I have a major political view differences, should I see this as a problem to our future? Should I be concerned for this?
Is there really a socialist agenda or is it just a straw man to argue for capitalist ideas?
If only two people voted in an election, and each candidate got just one vote, who would win?
What is your view/opinion about Rajnikanth entering into politics?
Is there a better alternative to universal suffrage (voting rights for all adults)?
What if 9/11 never happened? How would this have affected the world politically and economically?
Why did some countries believe communism was a better way of life?
What is the dumbest political ideology?
What are the most powerful arguments for/against the legitimacy of the State of Israel?
What were the causes of the clash between Confucianism and Communism?
What is the logical connection between the 'one-party government' concept and communism?
What are the chances that the EVM tamperings could only be a hoax? If not, how scary is this revelation?
How has religion affected politics in the Roman empire?
What are your views on the Republic Channel and its exposure of various political leaders?
What kind of political pressure do Indian Foreign Service officers face?
What is the difference between annex and conquer?
What happens if a politician gets assassinated?
Which United States political party will win the White House in 2020?
Would Pepe Le Pew be considered politically incorrect today?
I want to know about politics, what are some good books to read?
Is communism reviving?
If in May 1940, Lord Halifax had grabbed at the British premiership when it was offered to him on a plate, would this question be written in German?
What is national socialism?
Would it be a good idea to make every politician a scientist? How would this impact the world for the better or the worse?
How liberal is the so-called 'liberal world order' many proclaim?
What are some services that offer realtime monitoring of market movements caused by politics?
What does government and politics mean to you?
How much do politicians interfare in jobs of officers? Are officers slaves in the hands of politicians?
What is the job description or duties of a member of parliament in Canada?
Will BJP's absolute dominance of India's political life good for the Nation?
Via social media, I post semi-radical but wholly centrist views criticizing every institution with the principles of US liberty. Should I be in fear?
Why does the Russian government seem to want to destabilize global politics?
What is the defining characteristic of a federal system of government?
What does the Reform Party represent?
What are any regimes committing suicide other than the present regime in Indian history?
How does Olson’s logic of collective action explain why democracy can be reverted to authoritarian rule?
What do you think about China in politics and enconomy? And is the politics system suitable for the current China or the most of her people?
What are some examples of immigrants who are liberal in their adopted country but support conservative politics back home?
Is George Orwell's 1984 relevant in India today?
Why is P.M. Modi promoting shifting the financial year from January to December?
Is it religion that determines the morality of a nation? How does it affect the lives of secular individuals of such nation?
Who is the biggest idiot in modern Indian politics?
Should Corbyn/McDonnell now be condemned for talking to the IRA/Sinn Fein a few years before it became politically acceptable for the UK to do so?
Will our politics ever be unified and bipartisan again?
What rules of politeness change in China?
What is the possible way to make TN people understand true politics and select right leader?
How would gender socio-politically change in 100 years from now?
Why do some European governments not use the best practice and benchmarking methods to improve their governance?
If you were given the presidency and control over all 3 branches of government of the USA tomorrow, what would you change?
Is trade liberalization and economic liberalization the same?
What are the steps to be taken to enter into politics?
Is there any way for governments to avoid power corrupting its politicians? If so, how? If not, what part of human nature makes corruption unavoidable?
Why does India's Prime minister have the highest post, and not the President like in other countries?
Was NYC always a liberal city or did it become liberal recently?
Are anonymous donations for political candidates and parties in the USA legal?
What is a practical and perfect form of government?
What is a political topic I can compare and contrast between 3-4 countries in a research paper?
How did you come to be a liberal or a conservative?
Why do we take the popular vote seriously in 2016 when so many of them are either Negroes or college students?
Why haven't I ever met someone with the same beliefs and opinions as me?
Is all of Quora liberal?
Should there be an upper age limit for voting, or should 16-year-olds be allowed to vote?
On average, would you consider Quora to be left-wing, right-wing, or neither?
What is the major difference between republic and democracy?
Why does someone want to be politically correct while answering questions?
Who are leftists and rightists? Do they vary from country to country?
Has Modi’s government failed on the Kashmir and Pakistan issues?
What do people think about third party voters?
In a non-Islamic country practicing democracy, can a Muslim citizen vote for a non-Muslim government/political leader?
Does communism really take away your freedom?
What is your opinion of political leaders worldwide?
The general public is arguably unaware of machine learning’s potential. Is this the single worst threat to our civil liberties worldwide?
According to William Rickards, how do dictators rise to power?
Do apologists for tyrannical regimes like tyranny or do they think tyranny is a price worth paying for some other benefit?
How many peaceful protests turn violent?
Does Equality before law under Article 14 of the Indian constitution apply to foreigners?
Explain whether new nations depend on strong governments to succeed?
Who decides the menu when the heads of states of other country meets the prime minister or president of India?
Warren Buffett reads 500 pages a day. What does he read?
Why can't India have a political system like that in the US?
How would a Trump impeachment affect the divide in the United States of America?
Why are right wing parties so strong in Hungary?
Who is the father of constitutionalism in western political thought?
What is the role of a prime minister?
Is "political correctness" the same as "free speech"? If so, why?
What type of socialization do you expect to adopt world affairs?
How can I become a member of Parliament in Canada?
Is it possible that political ideology is much less important than execution, political norms, and a relative lack of corruption?
What is democracy? What are its characteristics?
Is there any chance that the Communist Party will come to power in the next 100 years?
Is it possible that the "red prosecution" during the McCarthy era has something to do with Hollywood being overwhelmingly liberal?
Why don't most liberals think the Democratic party is corrupt, even though they are being sued on multiple counts of fraud?
If Sanders had won in 2016, would the US government now be more left-wing than Macron's?
Has the Lisbon Treaty really made the EU more democratic?
Is there any way to end corruption in a country without violence?
Is there any part to synthetic biology that would be illegal to do at this time?
Why have few British national newspapers supported the liberal democrats over the years?
Did Donald Trump pass a bill to mix religion with politics?
Why is Lenin glorified by Marxists and socialists when he was a brutal murderer and dictator?
Which presidents used both public and private funding in their campaigns?
Did the CIA assassinate the democratically elected leader of Afghanistan because he wouldn't comply with Western oil demands?
Is a "micro aggression" a real thing or just something right wing activists made up to make the left look stupid?
Is Emmanuel Macron best described as being classically liberal?
In 20 years, will the Tories be hammered in election?
Will he really be impeached and forced out of office or will he be known as The Teflon President?
In light of the present American political scene, how is democracy 'the government of the people, by the people and for the people'?
I'm currently a mix between a classical liberal, and minarchist. Why should I go left economically, and what is wrong with an individualist ideology?
Why is Russia interfering with elections in favor of the right wing candidate?
Why is the Conservative Party of Canada posting so many memes on social media?
Why do we study political theory?
Will there always be dictatorships?
Why does China want to invade the South China Sea?
What are some examples of American government corruption that has damaged the world?
Which political party will win the majority seats in upcoming local elections in Nepal?
If you had absolute power in America for one day, what would you do?
Why is communism dying?
What are some scientifically established facts that sound right-wing?
Why is the FPTP system preferred for the Lok Sabha elections, while the proportional representation system is preferred for the Rajya Sabha?
Why should a politician (MP, MLA, or any other) show his/her power?
Why are there so many telephones in Indian cabinet ministers' offices?
Is there any correlation between the autism spectrum and political opinions? (I'm just curious.)
What must I do in order to be an informed voter by 2020?
Terrorism is the use/threat of violence toward a political aim. This describes Antifa. Why doesn't the media admit this?
After impeachment, can a president still call himself president?
Who are the most conservative Quora users?
When did liberalism change?
Why should a voter be a resident of a certain area in the Philippines for a period of at least six months before he/she can vote?
How would the concept of Lebensbraum be applied in modern governments?
How do you calm yourself when politics are making you crazy?
Is San Francisco a liberal utopia? If not, what should be changed to make it more liberal?
Do upper caste Hindus have a different ideology and political inclination than their parents?
Which will destroy the country faster, neoconservativism or neoliberalism?
What are the contribution of Aung San SuuKyi in Myanmar elections?
How do lawyers and political advisors use dirty rhetorical tricks to tarnish opponents and their positions?
What major changes are you expecting from Emmanuel Macron, the President of France?
What do you think of the government of Armenia?
Will people power force a change in Venezuela? And is this the end of the socialist revolution started by the late president Hugo Chavez?
Why is it necessary for the constitution to place limitations on the rules?
Does the Pakistan government brainwash its people?
Did “Baahubali” succeed due to patriotism and nationalism?
Did Donald Trump’s first visit to Saudi Arabia win the hearts of the Muslim world?
How do you see Indian politics shaping up 20 years from now?
In the UK, should I spoil my ballot or just not vote?
What is the poll where the UKIP voters are going to vote for this general election?
What are the differences between national policy and government policy?
What is the importance of legislative branch leaders?
What are some examples of totalitarian forms of government?
Have you ever known anyone who made good on their promise to leave the country if so-and-so was elected?
Has Australian politics become more elitist and advocacy-group-driven since John Howard's Prime Ministership? If so, why?
Is Kejriwal promoting distrust in the system and in democracy to recruit more Urban Naxalites into their fold?
When was Ram Rajya established?
What are some examples of a unitary state?
What do people look for in local elections - a genuine leader or the best party?
How have people avoided becoming Democrats?
Is it possible to form a third ideology (other than capitalism and socialism)?
Are there any good films about 18th century warfare and politics?
Why is there so much politics about Teen Talaak?
What is a non-biased summary of what all of the major political parties stand for in the upcoming British general election?
Is martial law okay to apply in Mindanao, Philippines?
If Liberals are causing the destruction of our country, then why is Russia trying to hard to support conservatives?
Why does our beloved Prime Minister choose to leave an impression of unpredictability among people at large?
Should the US have four political parties, instead of two, represented in the state and federal government?
Would congress be more productive if the rules were changed to allow minority parties to bring bills to the floor monthly?
What can modern right-wing Republicans do to win Democrats and liberals over to their worldview?
How can we achieve democracy in the Indian family system? Why is democracy not considered a way of thought process but merely a way of governance?
What are the policies that the Congress and other political parties had planned to form but that the BJP government successfully formed and implemented?
How can I relate the end of history to the hegemony of politics?
How would the world without the political boundaries?
Is Rahul Ghandhi the dumbest politician in the country?
What steps are being taken to keep WikiTribunal’s reports unbiased politically and ideologically?
Why do liberals want to shut down free speech?
What are some fundamental flaws with the idea of the afterlife?
How can street art, political cartoons, shopping, music, etc., help to explain the importance of gender in everyday life and politics?
Is socialism classless?
What is the best way to play the political game within a company?
Is there a strong link between democracy and good governance?
Why is it bad for the prime minister to meet with the ethics commissioner?
What is the basic characteristic of a unitary government?
If someone has never read Noam Chomsky before, what would be the best place to start? What sequence of writing is recommended?
Why do leftists continue to deny the left wing bias of the media in the face of such obvious facts to the contrary?
Why should a politician go for strategic campaigns?
How do you determine the election day?
Why do you think Donald Trump is a bad president?
Are the illicit liquor mafias behind the DMK’s and the PMK’s opposition to the state-controlled liquor shops in Tamil Nadu? A status report on the other states would be welcome.
Are people correct to criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for taking selfies instead of governing and making thing happen for Canadians?
What would be the economic, social, religious and political impacts if superheroes appeared in the real world tomorrow?
Is there more politics than work pressure in Kolkata companies?
Does the modern Right Drive prove that you don't need an economic turmoil to promote nationalist-authoritarian politics?
What views do citizens of communist countries have about communism and do they believe that capitalism has failed?
Is there any civic tech political party in the world?
Can you think of a reason why a politically democratic voting system might lead to disaster?
Are politicians shills to their political party?
What is the actual difference between the left and right political views, globally?
Can we posit to society/politicians, "If you cannot do DiffEQ, then listen, don't speak about science"?
What are the general social & economic positions of the French left-wing & right-wing?
Is there really a problem with human rights in China?
What is your view on the recent issue between Mr. S. P. Balasubramaniam and Mr. Ilaiyaraja?
What are the formations of local elections?
Why does our prime minister never get out in the morning?
Why with the exception of the coalition has the UK had long periods of one party rule since 1979?
How can I start a coalition?
If a R&AW officer happens to see corruption in any government departments or among politicians, will they take appropriate legal action?
Is it true that South African youth have lost interest in politics due to corruption that includes the private use of public resources?
Why are you a Social Democrat?
Should the people’s right to know be valued above the government’s need for secrecy?
How best can you describe the vertical distribution of power in the government?
How come today the Left is Anti-Russia and the Right Pro-Russia, when historically it's been the other way around?
Are there any offices a former 2 term US president can run for or is their official political career over?
What is sovereignty with special reference to democratic government?
Is there something that a common man can do, from a political sense of view but without getting into politics, to make India a better place to live?
Why do the Brazilians like Sergio Moro if he is absolutely tendentious, wants to be a political, and very probably corrupt, person?
How is cultural Marxism influencing European and American politics?
Why do we Indians elect a corrupt politician again & again?
How accepted are Noam Chomsky's views in academic studies of political history?
Is there a Kantian argument against nationalism?
Should the Democratic party change it's name?
What are the main tenets of contemporary extreme right ideology, and how do they relate to the presence of immigrant populations?
Are Chinese politicians all soulless psychopaths like American politicians?
Is Togo a democracy?
Which political party do Kayasthas usually vote for in North India and Bengal?
Why do Indians discuss more politics than any other country?
How can Justin Trudeau reconcile a 15 billion dollar military aid package to Saudi Arabia with his 'apparent' liberal values?
Is there any merit in the allegations raised by Kapil Mishra, ex-Cabinet Minister?
What changes to the electoral process are needed to make term limits work well?
Are Trump voters new to politics?
What is the difference between a republican government and a despotic government?
Why is democracy much more preferred as compared to other forms of government?
How did Germany become a democratic country?
Why is it that in America the answer to the government’s mistakes is not to reform the government but to get rid of the government?
What is one way to unite the left and right sides of the political spectrum so that they engage in productive rather than inconclusive debates?
Can a good scientist become a successful politician?
Why do some people in the 1st world vote for radical leftists and populists?
Why don't Democratic politicians and the left-wing media condemn violent protests more?
Why is Lalu Yadav still in politics, given the Republic expose?
Did BJP have a mandate for the presidental election?
Can cultural integration and political separation bring about peace?
Why are bureaucrats accountable to a congress?
Did House Republicans just vote themselves out of office?
Are there any conservatives introspectively assessing how to bridge the gap with liberals?
What is the actual problem of India: democracy, politicians, or us?
Is a socialist, libertarian, and rationalist country the solution to all problems?
What are your favourite examples of humorous Political Graffiti?
Who are the most attractive political commentators?
What is Africa?
If Flynn had been chosen as the vice president, wouldn't that have been a huge embarrassment for our country?
What exactly is going on with politics today? I have a kindergarten understanding of these things, please take that into consideration.
Will the Tories get a massive majority in the 2017 general election?
I want to be politically active in the future, but have some problems with where I stand politically. How do I solve my political dilemma?
I have far right views in my ultra liberal school. I have destroyed my social reputation. What can I do to rebuild my reputation?
Which democratic rights have India copied from other countries?
What is a hybird regime?
Why do liberals think that Nazism is right wing extremism?
Why is much of the political spectrum of Quora filled with bitter, angry people?
Why do some people state they hate identity politics yet they refer to minorites as some kind of monolith?
Why is an autocratic government better than a democratic government for economic growth?
I need political operatives for my future in us politics. How can I find them?
Why does Iraq not support the veto power? What are the veto's demerits?
Why do some people think “identity politics” is oppressive?
Should Rajinikanth join politics?
Does Enda Kenny's resignation indicate that the next Irish general election could occur soon?
Is a political or a mob psychologist able to explain the current situation, such as how it evolved, its future, and the resolution?
What are some examples of pluralist politics?
What is your opinion on the Obamacare cost spike caused by Donald Trump?
Had Brigitte been 24 years younger than E. Macron, what effects could it have had on the results of the presidential election and media discussions?
If the most extreme right-wing constituency of our government could pass any laws and do as they pleased for 20 years, what would America look like in any and every aspect?
What are some characteristics of a parochial political culture?
What are the major differences between the political ideology of the APC and the PDP in Nigeria?
Why is fascism looked at so poorly?
Which party are you going to vote for in 2019 and why?
Who benefited most from Marxism, rightists or leftists?
What are the top 5 goals of the United States as a nation?
Are Democrats less partisan than Republicans?
What is the main driving force for passing new legislation? What determines whether lobbyists would gain control of politicians?
What were some major political events which affected Reagan's popularity, before and during his presidency?
What are the things a common citizen can do if their democratic government is making ridiculous laws (misusing their majority) to accumulate more power?
Can you write a limerick about a famous politician?
Is it ok to refuse to register to vote?
What is politeness in terms of pragmatics?
What are the exact steps that would have to take place for Canada to become a government like the US (President, VP, etc.) as opposed to PM and queen, etc?
Do anti-globalists in US oppose international trade in principle or do they simply want different rules?
What are the political ramifications of McMansions?
Why are some people contentious?
What does “motion to reconsider” mean after a bill is passed in Congress?
Does Nepal’s politics function on the basis of the international and regional relations of larger countries?
Why don’t most of the politicians keep their promises after winning elections?
How can I become friends with big politicians?
Would you vote for a presidential candidate who had no religious affiliation?
Was it unnatural for Modi to win the latest election? How did it all that happen?
Does the statement "The liberals of today are the conservatives of tomorrow" have any truth to it?
How likely is it that all the countries of the world will one day fully cooperate politically and 100% peacefully?
Why are most democratic presidents lawyers and most republican presidents businessmen or military men before they go into politics?
What are the factors which have compelled India to adapt a federal system of government?
Why are the white people in the Midwest less worldly than the white people in other parts of the US?
What brought an end to the Taiwanese dictatorship?
How did the Viet Minh help decolonise Indochina economically and politically?
Why is it that big countries in Western hemisphere aren't able to defy the USA's doctrine while China's smaller neighbors are able to defy China?
What is Democraci?
Do people believe politicians should have experience?
What is classical political economy?
Are people who play empire-building games more likely to have authoritarian political views?
Are there any left-wing nativists?
Why the Right Drive seems to have trouble gaining traction in the continental Western Europe?
What is green anarchism?
Should I vote tactically?
What do the people of Germany have to do to have more influence on political decisions?
What are the questions that the public should ask political parties before Karnataka goes to the polls?
Who is the most compassionate political figure in World History?
What is the most polite sarcasm you know?
What are the truly extraordinary events that have happened in your lifetime, and what do you think the next one will be?
Why do Muslims have problems with nationalism and the right wing in India?
What would have been the consequential effect of a Netherlands exit, in case Mr. Geert Wilders had won?
Is UPSC the right choice for me if I'm not interested in politics?
What is mucle power in politics?
What are the most liberal countries in the world and what are some of their most liberal policies?
What do you think about Muammar Gaddafi?
Will Sally Yates run for President?
Is the 60 senate votes on the budget in the Constitution?
Do you agree to the reaction of the Political Rights of Corruptor?
What are your views on WHO Director General Dr Margaret Chan spending more on first class travel and luxury hotels than on AIDS and malaria?
How rigged are the election in Russia?
How would you describe with your insight into politics, economics, and society these days in Indonesia?
In what ways are Star Wars politics similar or different to our global politics today?
What change do you see in the current 'NaMo era' politics and the previous years' politics?
Who do you think was the best Lib Dem leader?
I’m planning to join active politics. I have decided the party but feel it's better to attract them and earn an entry. What should I do?
What is the most recent research by Jonathan Haidt on free speech and political correctness on university campuses?
Is there a balance between capitalism and communism?
Why is Ivanka Trump all over the place when she holds no official position?
Is our democracy hacked?
Which EU countries have more immigrants from the UK than emigrants to the UK?
What is the difference between a liberal in the USA and a liberal in Europe?
Can Modi finish off Lalu and AK’s political careers, based on the Republic TV report?
Keeping in view the political scenario of Pakistan, is it sensible to "love" our politicians? Should we be emotional or evaluate them?
What was the political impact of the Suez Crisis on both French and British politics?
Who was the first president?
What kinds of environments should politics not be involved in?
When will liberals realize that Islam is the problem?
What role could AI play in governance?
If any national political party includes "caste, religion based reservation" in their manifesto, would they win the 2019 elections?
Why should engineers care about virtues, economic freedom, and political systems/institutions?
What do you find interesting about political philosophy?
For institutions, politicians, and individual citizens, what are the challenges to democracy that happen every single day, large and small?
If elections lead to policies against the best interest of the people, how is this different from giving someone else a stick to get beaten with it?
Why can't the United States balance the budget and create a surplus like Germany?
What​ are Rahul Shrivastava’s views on the current situation in Venezuela?
Does hypocrisy show up more on the political right or left?
Is humanitarianism left wing or right wing?
When will HR.392 be voted on?
How do I explain Brexit from a comparative politics & normative perspective?
Is there any evidence supporting the claim that "left wingers don't defend their country as well as right wingers do"?
Who is more powerful in Pakistan, chief justice/president/prime minister?
What is the best way to transition from a dictatorship to a true democracy?
Is there a viable argument for choosing British Parliamentary candidates through Open Primaries?
Can Marine Le Pen emerge victorious come May 7th?
What is the highest authority in the United States that I could speak to if I wasn't granted citizenship after living in the USA for over 40 years?
If liberals had the option to replace the rude but politically moderate Trump with a far more conservative but more PC President, would they?
Why doesn't Putin clamp down a peaceful protest before it endangers his 18-year regime and corrupt oligarchy?
Would Meral Aksener form her own political party, run for president in 2019, or neither?
Who is more powerful, a governor or a chief minister?
What former Presidents and Vice Presidents would be good for certain cabinet positions and other offices appointed by the President?
Can Turkey invade Europe?
What do the general body of a political party means?
How does the government of a country enforce collective decisions made elsewhere?
