Which master's course in Japan for product/industrial design with focus in consumer electronics is the best option for foreigners?
Does product design fall into the category of inclusive design?
Where on the internet can I get opinions about a new web product?
What is the difference between product planning and new product?
What are recent examples (2007-20016) of companies that changed product design (not website design) and it helped increase sales and profit?
Would you recommend studying Product Design to a university applicant who's interested?
How is developing a consumer product different from developing a B2B product?
What are the top product design firms?
Can my custom-designed products be manufactured as they are being sold? I can't afford to purchase products upfront at the moment.
What technologies exist to physically prevent the copying of a design, such as a small object fabricated from plastic?
What are the social factors that affects Product Designing process?
What is the scope for MSc in product design?
How should someone self-learn design?
Are condoms a medical product or consumer product?
How is product designing in PES engineering college?
What is the basic process (step-wise) for taking an idea of a product and putting it out to the consumers?
Which is the worst product you bought in 2016?
Why are things not built to last in this time and day?
I have an idea for a B2B venture to service the consumer product/industrial product startups with mechanical design and product development. How viable is this?
Which companies are the best for electronics product designing for a fresher (job seeker)?
Are there going to be any more major developments in the form factor of TV sets in the next 5-10 years?
How can I research wood workshop/design studio opportunities within Asia to volunteer in and develop my first piece of furniture for production?
What is the good and bad points in completely randomized design?
How does 3D scanning helps for product design and factory layouts?
What is product and service design? Can you give an example or a case about it?
Are there any hybrid master's degrees in Product Design and CS (or IS)?
What's one product or feature you wish existed to help improve recruiting/hiring?
How do you develop your visual style as a product designer?
What is a product you wish existed but doesn't?
How can a fresher having a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering get an internship in a product design firm?
Why do medium-level cars don't have good design?
How much should a NY photographer charge a small startup for a studio shoot of a consumer product? Will feature 3 -10 looks and 1 product shot.
What is "designer label" jeans in this context?
What are the best materials and geometry to increase sound vibration, on a small scale?
What factors do you have in mind when designing a product for parents?
Why don't we see design schools coming up with "iPhone" like revolutionary blue ocean products?
Why did Apple choose to make iPhones so fragile?
I am a student of class 12 and I aspire to be a product designer some day. Which famous designs should I be aware of?
How do I get into an undergraduate course based on product design in IISc? Is it very difficult?
Why are modern cars overdesigned?
Is studying product design worthy for an Asian?
What are some things to avoid doing during a product design presentation as beginner?
Is Palmers a good product?
What are the best styling softwates for product design?
For a headset design, is it better to do industrial design through a lab in the US or directly in Asia?
What is Axiometric design in product development?
Which is the best online job portal for product designers?
Can I get an engineering/product design job with experience alone? I have a degree that’s not related to it.
What are some beautiful design of a product list?
What is the best online course for product design?
What is powerful HTML5 product designer tool for printing business?
Can I get a job in product design or any design consultancy with a Computer Engineering Master's degree?
Which planet of product least resemble the initial sketch?
Can I join the military's design bureau after graduating with product design in India?
Where can I learn product design?
How do you describe the unique selling product (USP) of a product/service to consumers?
Where do I look for an industrial designer in India?
How you benefit from outsourcing 3D rendering to creative design firm?
Can product designers work for transport companies?
How do you think when designing a product or service?
Which is better, furniture design or product design in MITID College, Pune?
What is the product that has three different functions? (Q related to industrial design.)
Is it illegal to copy product design?
What are some examples of products that are simple but cleverly designed?
How can you design a product that automatically conveys brand advertisement?
What is the most economic and professional method to prototyping a physical consumer product (no electricals)?
How should I structure a survey to determine which one of my visual mock-ups (consumer product) is most aesthetically pleasing?
Why should outsource sheet metal drawings & design services?
What are the exact dimensions and where is the exact logo positioning of current MacBooks?
How do I get into industrial/product design?
What are some examples of a well designed product that failed?
What are opportunities for design engineers in India?
How can one solve the below DAT questions correctly? this is last year NID DAT PART B question paper.
Which one looks better, the Suzuki Gixxer SF standard version (drum) or the disc in the blue colour?
As a product designer, why would you sketch by hand when you can make infinite variations quickly in a 3D program?
What is the importance of product design and development for a mechanical engineer?
Why does Ballistic (phone case manufacturer) expose the soft shell covering in their cases, instead of covering it with the hard plastic shell?
Can you recommend a great product design company and/or manufacturer for cell phone cases?
How will the rising popularity of voice interfaces change the nature of software product design?
What are the products that were a milestone for their design and which were successful because of their design (example: Apple iPod classic)?
What type of work is done by a product designer?
Which material are used for "The GRID Game"?
Can a game designer get hooked on their own product? Why or why not?
What are some colour scemes that look beautiful on cars?
Given that Nintendo is an established company with previous successes, why was the Switch launch so lacklustre?
Is it to late to be a Product designer? I am 28.
What products do we need to redesign?
Should I go into product design or finance?
What are some engineering+design competitions for university students?
How does one evaluate a product design? What are the universal criteria for evaluating a product design?
What is the role of ergonomics in product design?
What are some weird products in Japan?
For mechanical engineering in seventh semester, which elective paper, operational research or product design & development is better and why?
How can we get the best sheet metal drawing & design services?
What does a PhD in product engineering and design at PolyU entail?
Where can I get some good and cheap design work done? I've got a consumer product I want to create, but I need 3D designs to get production estimates.
Is it easy to get a job as a product designer in USA?
What is the best affordable industrial design software, and the fastest way to learn it?
Which Product designer Tool offers Free Clipart Library With 10,000 Items?
Why should we submit to purchasing a product which lacks quality when we have ability to build these things ourselves?
Does it take complexity or complex thinking to simplify an engineered product/device?
What is good for a learner to do: AutoCAD or SolidWorks?
What companies visit the UPES for industrial as well as transportation design?
Is the simplest choice usually the best one in industrial design, even it is low-tech and will be replaced soon if the high-tech solution is mature?
Which are the best product/industrial design schools that offer part-time courses​ in India?
How can I design if I don't know the possibilities of what I can design with (e.g. an IoT product that could be made better knowing bio-materials)?
Where can I learn how to design and make products in Hyderabad?
What extracurricular activities do you recommend for a product design student?
What is Apple's design studio like?
How does a designer develop a product?
Is interaction design a subset of product design?
Can I get a good job after doing M.des. in transportation or product design in India? Also which companies would hire such candidates?
How should I start product design with material engineering background?
What field should I choose between product design and communication design?
Should product names be written in all capital letters?
What is the most failed product ever made?
How can I start a product design consultancy (3D and prototyping) and grab online customers?
If you are an aspiring social impact product designer, where would you apply for graduate school?
How would you design a time-released mint that keeps your breath fresh all day?
How do I create/design new products that haven't been made yet?
What should I do after mechanical engineering if I want to become a product designer?
What are the differences of roles between a principal designer vs design manager?
What are the favorite products in your country?
What is the process of disposal during design stage called?
How are you supposed to use airplane lavatory faucets?
Is a masters in product design worth it if I'm a UX designer?
Can I work as a product designer after studying Masters of Universal design or does both the studies have different concepts?
Which undergraduate degree is the best combination for Masters in Product Design (CS, EC, Civil + Product Design)?
What sneakers should I buy?
What are the best product design companies/studios in India (not UI/UX design)?
Expected cut off for DAT at SID 2017?
What kind of products do product developing involve?
How can I get advice from a famous product designer?
What are the oppurtunites in industrial design in abroad?
What qualities should a product design tool have to be successful?
How can I find a good product engineer for pre-production proof of concept testing (not 3D printing)?
How will software product design change for VR?
Where do I find custom packaging for my products?
What softwares should one know to be a product designer?
How do I learn product?
What kind of consumer product would be revolutionary in this age?
What are some good colleges for product design in India?
What is the difference between product design and product development?
As a product designer, how much importance does data and it's analysis hold while designing a new product?
Which college is good for an MTech in product design in India?
Where can I do an online diploma in product designing?
What design technique could be used to reduce the cost of developing a new product?
Should I hire a freelancer to help me design a product, or hire someone and pay that person a wage?
What are physical products?
Can you explain clearly about product design and development? Is it valuable one?
What is the best consumer electronic product design software?
How do I create a rapid prototype of a physical product?
Does it pay to spend more money on the best products?
Is it feasible to be a product/industrial designer in singapore?
Is firmware a physical product?
What are job opportunities in an automotive company for a product design engineer?
What is the one product that you use everyday that you would like to redesign?
What are the career paths I'll be exposed to after completing an MS in product development (mechanical background)?
How could you design a product that revolutionize something?
What are the most ridiculous product packaging designs you’ve ever seen?
What is the difference between goods and product?
What should are some tips as a beginner product designer?
How is Srishti's post graduation program in industrial arts and design practices?
As a product designer, what software tools do you use for material selection?
What's it like to be a product designer working with algorithmic feeds and content?
How is the product design course in Politechnico Di Milano?
What do you think of France as a destination to pursue Industrial Design?
Is there a physical product I can develop that human beings must have?
What problem do you come come across you wish there was a product to solve it?
What are the prospects for Industrial/Product designers from India in Thai?
What are some companies you've invested in that are using design to build amazing products?
How can I develop my college project into a CAD designed product?
How would you conduct a impact load test with and without a high speed camera?
Can you name a few certifications in the IT product design area?
How do you design a hand winch?
What product do you wish was resealable or able to be opened and closed multiple times that currently isn't due to weight, size or other issues?
Which is the best product designing or animation course?
How can one change the world as an industrial designer?
Where is the best place to buy sneakers online?
What software is used in the furniture design industry?
What is the best place to get in touch with manufacturing experts to help convert manufacturing limitations into design guidelines/rules for product?
How do engineers engineer products that need to conform to radical industrial design form factors?
What are some of the most notable surface treatments used in product design?
Am I nuts for thinking there are visual / aesthetic differences between metric and customary-based construction and architecture?
Should high-tech product prototype development and manufacturing be colocated or physically separated into distinct facilities?
What are the things required to be taken into consideration while designing electrical furnace for baking?
What are good dissertation ideas, on the topic of new product design?
Does NIFT offer any course on interior and product design?
Can a commerce student do product designing?
Has anyone attended the Product Design certificate at Otis College of Art and Design?
What tools and stages are used in product design?
How can I design a product packaging?
What are the key questions to be addressed at a product design meeting?
What controls and dials would I find in a truck dashboard that I wouldn't find in my car?
What are some magazines or docs that can improve my product design thinking for electronics or computer science related products?
In the factory design pattern, is it necessary for the client to use the interface of the product rather than the concrete product itself?
What are those pointy things on fancy desks?
If you looked at the human body like an industrial designer critiquing a physical product, what would you say is its biggest design flaw?
What is the difference between product design and development and operational research?
Do designers of thick-handled hair brushes, vibrating toothbrushes, etc. internally consider their use as female masturbation tools when designing?
What do you think of the name - Pencil - for a design store selling unique design products?
I'm a math teacher looking for another income that does require extensive use of my time. What product could I design, create, and sell?
What does a product designer basically do?
What is the difference in sourcing electronic components (ICs or resistors, etc.) from Digi-Key and AliExpress?
What is the best design you have ever made?
What is the process of companies like flextronics to take a product from prototype to product?
What is the job of a product designer?
What is an example of a good idea yet bad implementation?
Where should I start a market research on wine tools?
What are the most famous and failed software products ever?
Is it worth spending $150k for learning Industrial Design?
What can game designers learn from software product designers?
How can you utilize SOLIDWORKS to design your products efficiently?
What is the future of product design and development in India after MS in USA?
What kind of job who builds new devices?
Is there a list of design studios in India that are into product design, home decor, lights, or even bags, available?
Which companies are furthest ahead in the design and production of delivery drones?
If you are creating a product, are design images for the product part of inventory cost or are they expensed right away?
What new features would you like in a consumer car that aren't currently available?
What is the best way to get a prototype made for a new product?
What is QFD? How is it beneficial in effective software product development and design?
What is basic product?
Which business entity should I choose for my product design business?
How has the Facebook product design process changed since it was first introduced?
Can we predict the sales of a product even if the product does not exist (still in conceptual design) using consumer psychology, habits, and data analytics?
Why don't phone manufacturers develop phones with ergonomically comfortable form-factor, like Motorola has done with the Moto and Nexus series?
What are the Canadian college rankings in product design?
Is industrial clay also used in product design?
What strategies would you suggest for someone who lacks the finances and production infrastructure for the development of a nearly complete prototype design?
Why are the numbers 3, 5, and 7 commonly used in product naming and marketing?
I have a CEED 2017 rank of 385. What are my options for an M.Des? What colleges are my best bet?
Can I change my department from production to design after work in 3-4 year in production as a mechanical engineer?
What behavioral economics studies should every digital product designer working in behavior change read?
What are the worst examples of clickbaiting you have ever seen?
How much does it cost to hire a freelance product designer?
Has Gordon Miller invested in mechanical product businesses which make consumer products and industrial tools or implementations?
Do companies really design products with short lifespans?
Is there a term that can be used to describe a product or service designed to earn you as much as it costs?
What are the worst productivity killers?
What steps do I need to follow with each product I plan on designing while at university?
It's okay to print business card using Moo for their clients?
How important are the VDI guidelines in product design and development? Which automobile companies follow this principle?
Why do some labels on product packaging tell users not to do things that seem obvious not to do?
When announcing a new product, is it better to reveal all features at once or tease by releasing features weekly?
Realistic render to virtual prototype is done. How much manufacturing may cost for product design and physical prototype for a flashy smartphone?
Do you have to be an art director first to become a production designer? Can you just focus on becoming a production designer?
What are some famous product design companies in the world?
Who are some product designers interested in mentoring female or marginalized product designers?
What did playing neopets teach you about product design?
Is it good for girls to study product designing?
How do I become a computer-aided engineer in product design?
What are the best learning resources for hardware startups?
I am a product designer and I would like to get my masters degree. What is the best option between M.A Visual Arts and M.A Interior Design for me?
Which aspect of designing is related to the efficiency of a product?
What are some common causes of or reasons for over-engineering?
How do I prove to Amazon that my product design is copyrighted?
How might we build CPAP machines that don't need electricity?
What is Gordon Miller's opinion on outsourcing a hardware product's design/manufacturing to an IOT/Hardware Dev Shop?
How can I sell my furniture design to a company that could put it into production?
What is the product/service that would change a photographer's life that companies don’t seem to pay attention to?
Does the CEO of Apple get a chance to be part of designing of the different products and implementation of features unto them?
What are some fundamental rules of design in different fields of art, such as transportation, product, entertainment, illustration, and so forth?
How much should I expect to spend to get a simple prototype designed by a product designer?
How do we design products to inspire hope and optimism?
How do I find a business partner in product design?
Is there any product design studio in Hanoi?
Why do car makers design cars so they can still be driven even when the emergency brakes are on?
Is it random for different products to have design similarities?
What's the best school for product design in the US?
What is best training for plastic product design in India?
Do you know any blogs or sites where I can study and analyze examples of product design blueprints?
How do I design a table fan?
What was working as a product designer at Facebook like?
Is a BA (industrial design) degree versatile?
What is the differece between manufactured product process and industrial design process?
What makes a strong product designer?
Is Oxiblue a good product?
How can I be a product designer, if I have a product degree but graphic experience?
Why is it that the LED lights of adapters don't go off instantly as soon as we turn off the switch?
Are there any programs that help with making product prototypes?
What are the requirements for changing an existing methodology in service design to make it fit more for my purposes?
Where should outsource rapid prototyping & enhance product design and development?
What would you name this closure?
How would you design the casing of a mobile phone?
What is the best way for an engineer to get better at product design?
Which is best country to study masters in product design?
Which are the best universities for Product/Industrial Design in Europe?
How do you create a good product?
What is to do after product designing and analysis softwares?
What old-school design for an everyday item did you find yourself returning to when new designs were just not as good?
Why there is greater importance of industrial equipment design & layout in process industries?
What are the benefits of DFM (design for manufacturability)?
How's the life of a freelance logo designer in India?
How long does it take to design a simple 2D game character?
How do I find someone to design a pair of headphones?
How can I get the best packaging for my product?
Why are Indians not good at Industrial Design or designing sophisticated products?
What is Design, production & Quality?
Is there a scope in plastic product design, especially in electronic products?
What are some examples of clever technical design decisions which resulted in a great product?
Is doing a Bachelor’s of Design (product design) from a mediocre college worth it? What is its scope and what all companies will hire a B.Des grad?
What are some examples of bad design in India?
How can a senior manager in marketing switch his/her career into product design?
What can you fix/create using rope? Examples: "hot shoe camera handle," cable organizer, transporting large sheets of cardboard.
Is it possible for a commerce student to do product design?
What will software product design be like as a field in 2020?
What subjects would you recommend for product design in IBDP?
What’s the #1 challenge you face during product development?
How influential is machine learning in the field of product design?
Can I use a company's logo on a product rendering I created?
How does a concept of any kind of engine come up?
I have an idea for an invention but I don't know how to begin its design. How do I determine where to start?
What are the good examples of furnitures for a co-working space?
What are some good product design certificate programs?
What are your favorite product designs, from an aesthetic point of view?
At what point should I seek CE and FCC certification for my hardware product?
What are your thoughts on product design?
How can someone from an electronics engineering background, with no hands-on technical experience (e.g. feature/product design), get a product/program manager job?
Is dypdc a good college for engineering product design?
What is the diffrence of designing your webasite in sketch vs in browsers in terms of productivity?
What are some of the best colleges/universities for technical theatre/design/production?
What are some of the simplest yet amazing innovations?
If you were teleported back to 1500 with modern knowledge, what product could you make with what's available to become wealthy?
What do people in the UK think of the new less peaky Toblerone bar?
What is the best example of industrial design you have seen?
How shall I prepare myself to get into an industrial design institute for a Master’s?
What are some examples of a consumer product fooling you?
What are the top product / industrial design firm in Philadelphia?
Which is the better college for product design in terms of industrial exposure and recognition, Srishti or UID?
How does the location of a place influence the design of the sundial to be installed at that place?
What should I do to build my career in product design?
Is it possible for a production engineer to switch in as design engineer?
Which is the best product design life cycle online support job in India?
What is the significance of PMI Callouts in implementing MBD for product development?
Can I create a startup in California selling products that are designed and manufactured outside USA?
What should I know before applying for a job as a junior product designer?
How is your product design team structured, what's working, and what's not for you? Why?
Where can I do diploma in product designing in Ahemdabad?
I'm a product designer from SF. How can I get in touch with HDFC to propose a re-design of their mobile experience?
How can I become a product designer?
What is the best books for industrial design learning?
What are the best product design companies in UK?
Which product do you think needs to redesign and solve?
What kind of information is compulsory while selling a cards game in India?
I was offered a product design job while I have no qualifications. How can I get started in visualizing designs?
Which is the best - interaction design or product design?
Who is the designer of the Galaxy S8 and who is the product manager?
How is Product Design and Manufacturing at RVCE?
What is your dream product? What is that one product which you wish existed in today's world?
What are the companies in India which look for mechanical engineers with product design and embedded systems knowledge?
How can I test Kelty backpacks and give feedback to their product designers?
How can I make a tiff file smaller while keeping the transparency?
What are some products designed for right-handed people that no one would think of?
What is the basics of industrial product design?
Where can I get a product designer software to design/create bottle labels online?
What are the unique products of Pondicherry?
Is the velocity recommended for pipes the best velocity that I need to work at, or is it only the maximum velocity I shouldn't exceed?
What are the best product design institutes in India? What is its scope?
What value could a Industrial designer bring to a Bioscience company?
Is Pearl Academy a good institute for pursuing product designing?
What are the pros/cons of using a hardware dev/eng shop versus hiring a CTO to build a minimum (sellable) product?
What are the best interaction design product in India?
What are some examples of products that were developed using Design Thinking techniques that are in the market today?
The next generation of product design, I think everyone will be a product designer, how can people get live info for how products are being used?
What is Quora's workflow from the view of product design?
Do fashion companies hire product designers?
In design, which are considered as new product development?
What can be done to convey the importance and value of a mechanical design engineer to a company?
What are your prefered industrial design questions?
What are good examples of products that have become services?
What products are the best for RVers?
What is product design outsourcing for a mechanical engineer?
Can I work as a product designer after graduating with a degree in accessory design from MSU in Vadodara?
Is there any job oppurtunities in designing area for industrial engineers and did master in industrial design or are they too irrelevant?
Why have all automobile manufacturers adopted a design strategy which is commonly known as 'family look' in recent times?
What is the best industrial design company in US?
Is there any difference between entity and a product?
Is the Testo Ultra a good product?
What are the best resources on Wine Accessories market research?
How can I make a DVP (Design Validation Plan) for an electronic product?
What's the difference between UX designer and product designer?
Is degree given priority over diploma in the field of product design during recruitment and promotions or does it entirely depend on your portfolio?
What are the scope of product design in abroad?
When will stainless steel appliances finally go out of vogue? I am anxiously awaiting that moment.
How long can a split AC be left on?
Can you name or recommend a software, which stores and simply sorts the information about a jewelry design or product information with a picture and nothing else?
What are good websites where product related discussions happen between product managers?
Which has a better scope - industrial design or product design?
Which app is good for product design sketching: Astropad Standard or Astropad Studio?
Why there are grooves in the razor blade? Is there any particular reason?
How difficult it is to get into product design in the U.S. with a liberal arts bachelor degree?
What are the criteria for good product design?
What do you think about my T-shirt design? I made it online on Represent using my drawing for the print with a text quote.
Which is the best product to dropship: headphones or cycling accessories?
How vulnerable are GFRP to be set on fire?
How would you re-design a yacht so that it would be low maintenance?
Have you ever customized a product design using a tool software?
What makes a good product and why?
Is there any difference in meaning if the datum triangle is placed directly on a surface & the datum triangle is placed/attached to a dimension?
How does architecture and design bloggers find out new projects to publish?
How do I become a designer for products from India?
What are the different product design teams in Facebook? (ie.Search, Privacy..)
What is the modular design approach for a product?
What are some examples of good designs and minimal designs?
Can I do PG in industrial after diploma in Product design?
What is the best way to draw a complex surface of car in Autodesk Inventor?
Is product designing from NIFT good?
Which single product design tool can personalise any range of products?
Could someone tell me how to manufacture rice husk based products?
Which B.Tech course will be beneficial for an M.Des in product design, later on?
How could I know about product design and its development?
Where are Telebrands’ products designed and manufactured?
My trusted engineer friend and are designing a new product. What do I need to know to make this a reality?
Do product designers think that making a 3D model of a design is sometimes strongly recommended?
Should I go to CMU, RISD, or ArtCenter for industrial/products design?
What is the eligibility for learning product design?
What is the best bachelor’s course on product design in Germany?
What's the difference between basic research, R&D, design, architecture, engineering, development/production in fields like biotech, IT, or machinery?
How and where I can find good product designers?
How do companies figure out which design for their products to go for?
How does design automation essentially allow initializing and standardizing the designs for custom product manufacturers?
How did you find a (physical) product designer to design your product?
I'm an industrial designer and I want to own a pottery studio, should I do the masters or experience is the best way to improve?
How much does YouTube charge to endorse a product?
Why are LED bulbs made of glass rather than plastic?
What is a BVA in product design? What is the scope of it in India?
How does airplane safe pen technology work?
What are the possible reasons for increasing test case design productivity in software testing?
How do I find a product designer in my city?
My daughter has been waitlisted for Product Design at the Srishti School of Design, Bangalore. What is the probability of getting through?
What are some of the best consumer and enterprise product design, management, strategy books?
What is the process of mass production of simple items you've designed, mostly composed of metal and plastic?
Who are the best product designers?
What documents do I need to register my small graphics design firm?
How can I market an adapter between Company A's product and Company B's accessory if each has a patent on its own interface to its own accessory?
How does drawing help in developing design skills/knowledge?
What are good industrial design colleges?
How possible is it to switch streams from mobility design to industrial design?
What business can someone with a B.Des in product design do? What are some potential millionaire ideas?
How is IITG for product design at bachelor level?
What are some of the best product design firms in the US?
What is your approach to designing and planning for a new product?
Can anyone give details about the product design and patenting process?
Which one is better: operational research or product design and development?
Is the Nike HyperAdapt shoe a gimmick or a practical product?
How are design and manufacturing related at Apple?
What is some of the nicest packaging you have ever come across?
Which college will be better for a course in product design, Pearl Academy in Delhi or the Arch Institute of Design in Jaipur?
Why do customers demand features they never use?
What is the impact of 3D printing on onshore manufacturing?
Which is the best design college for product designing, and how do rate UID among them?
Are there any examples (design or relative designers) of puppy furniture, which can let human beings and puppies play together interactively?
What is the scope after doing M.Des (Product Design) from India?
Which services in North America can mass manufacture your product design and deliver them to your customers fresh off from the factory?
What will a product or game designer do after their job is done?
How to reduce product development costs while going for product design?
What are some rarely-used features of common products?
Why should process industries adopt solid modeling?
What are the product designing courses?
Which is the best place to do masters in product design?
Which one is better, product design or graphics design?
Can banks design a new retail product for high-risk high-return type of ventures (SMEs)?
What are some good product design conferences to go to in the Bay Area?
Why don't cars use a digital way of showing your speed?
Can a product designer take an idea to a visual, to manufacturer specifications? What type of skills should they have?
Why is SolidWorks more popular than other CAD platforms?
How do product design and strategic design companies bring in business?
Is there any oppurtunities for IE graduated student to do master in industrial design or other design related stuff?
What should I look for when asked about production design in movies?
How good are Biotique products?
Can I go for product designing if I pursue a B.Design from the NIFT?
What's the best industrial development product?
Does a product need marketing regardless of how well it is designed?
Should a product design reflect the website? Or vice versa?
Shield designs seem to alternate between curved and flat. What advantages and disadvantages do these features entail?
Why does physical testing of industrial equipment will never be sufficient?
What are some examples of design that show a creator?
What are some biggest examples of consumerism?
Can we do mechatronics after doing product design?
What's the best batting/padding for a headband?
Can someone with a master in public health work in product design as a domain expert?
What are the career opportunities for an individual in Product Design and Manufacturing?
What's the difference between cross-disciplinary design, multidisciplinary design and interdisciplinary design?
How does a mechanical music box work?
When I price a printed product that I design, do I roll it all into one price, or show the labor and then the product separately?
What are the make points while doing the case study of a mobile ticketing app?
What are few designs which are complicated but use in everyday life by large number of people (in every day life)?
What are few  approaches that you can take in terms of product direction?
Is it possible to make a watch out of carbon fibre?
I have a few ideas for small electronics. How do I find a good design/sourcing/manufacturing company to work with?
What are the chances of getting Scholarship at TU Delft for MS in Strategic product design?
Is Design for Manufacturability (DFM) for CNC Machining being widely practiced in the product design stage? If yes, what are the challenges faced?
I wanted to do transportation design but since I haven't got admissions, is it wise to do b.des in product design and then do it in m.des?
What are the best digital product design firms in London?
What are the best product design forums?
Is it possible to have a good product but fail because nobody knew about it?
In your opinion, what causes have had the effect of reducing the time of physical products development projects?
What is the share of appearance/design mockups cost as a percentage of overall product design or R&D cost?
Is pursuing Master's degree (HCI/Communication Design/Product Design) from USA a good option for a biotechnology graduate from India?
How does an established Mechanical Engineer move into Industrial Design (prod development) without having a degree in ID?
Which university is better for an industrial design/product design master's degree, Brunel or Loughborough?
Which one of these softwares is easier to learn and use for product designs - Rhinoceros 3D or 3DS Max?
What are some great products in other parts of the world not in the USA?
Can anyone give me a link of free pdf of Making It: Manufacturing Techniques for Product Design Chris Lefteri?
What is the importance of 3D rendering for the furniture industry?
What products are desired?
Is it ok to show unfinished/exploratory work in product design portfolio?
When designing canned food products, what are the tips one should know?
Who are the best woman designers of product nowadays?
How are "back of the package" recipes selected/developed? Are they an effective marketing tool?
Can I design products inspired from major companies and have their their logo on it?
Which is better (money) transportation design or product design?
Why don't companies ask the public to compete in designing new products to get the best proposals?
What is the design and development process of a consumer product (say, a fitness band)?
How can I propose (and sell) a project to a big company instead making a crowdfunding or a start-up?
Is there any course for Luxury product design and branding?
Which is the best institute for product designing after BE?
What is the difference between process quality and product quality?
How do I find a domestic manufacturer for manufacturing my own journal idea?
How do you find if a product you wish to create is already invented?
What is that one one product which we use in our daily lives and wish it could be improved?
Why do buckets have a conical shape?
How do I trademark a product design concept?
What kind of jobs are there after doing B.Des in Product Design?
Is it required that you study maths in +12 for getting into a product design bachelor's course?
What is the scope of cadence design product validation?
What kind of math do the product designers need to know?
How much does it take to get a high end smartphone designed and get it manufactured on large scale?
I am good at product designing and developing how can I be a good entrepreneur?
Have you ever designed an product with tool software?
What is a good product management side project for an undergrad student?
What is the stereotypical (product/industrial) designer like?
Why is the shape of the toothpaste cap conical?
Which do you think looks better : The Aventador or Murcielago?
How can I create ideas for information products? Is there a reference?
How do I overcome doubt in my product?
Who is a product guy?
Which company has best design engineering philosophy?
What is the best mircosoft product?
Can I add the statement "Copyright 2016, all rights reserved" to a product that I have designed and manufactured?
How do I start a product designing compamy?
Since splitters are ugly, are Pearl and Metromile a match made in product design heaven?
I'm a young product designer. Where can I find a good mentor who can help me to grow professional?
Why are designers so obsessed with chairs and tables?
I am a graphic designer by education. How can I shift my career towards product design?
What design firms in New York are interested in sustainability?
What are the best apps for creative inspiration?
Why is “the perfectly designed product” not the same as “a successful product”?
How did Evan Spiegel, a former product designer, succeed to become a multi-billions dollars company CEO?
Since concept cars are high on the design quotient apart from having superlative features. Why is it that they never go for production?
Why do envelopes tear vertically?
What are the best crowdsourcing sites for rating product designs?
How manufacturers can develop efficient pump designs using CFD?
What are some product designing interview questions asked at NID AHEMADABAD and what exactly is a studio test for product designing?
Is there any specialization in product design in usa?
How do you approach product design/implementation differently than most people?
What are some products that should be improved upon?
Can origami be useful in my preparation for MDes entrances in Product Design?
How useful is topology optimization in developing light weight product designs?
What is difference between product tier and product category?
What are some examples of product line filling?
Which Master's course is ideal for designing a product?
Do I need to patent a textile product design before sending it to a pattern maker? If so, how do I patent my designs?
What are some good product management metrics for the insurance industry?
What are the top product design schools in India?
Why do most bathroom doors (not stalls) open inwards, so when you've just washed your hands you now have to touch a dirty handle? Is this bad design?
What are the tips and tricks for exquisite 3D product designs?
What are the kinds of things do you learn in a product design class?
Where should I do product design?
What's the best way to build a laser-cut acrylic box that does not have notched edges?
To product designers + engineers: how does one use online technology to build deeper social human connections and foster vibrant communities?
What are best chair designs and why? (2010- present)
What are some good colors for a modern delivery company which aims to reduce Co2 emission?
Is the public aware of the GEs Planned Obsolescence?
Does Fab.com require exclusive right to sell the product from the designers?
What is the stamp on Lululemon clothing made from?
Is browser based CAD really the future for product design development?
How industrial equipment manufacturer can bring products to market faster using SOLIDWORKS?
How does push close and push open mechanism (w.r.t CAD design) work?
What literature / books are used in Stanford's undergraduate product design program?
What are the products at obsolescence stage?
I designed a basic model of commercial product, I am interested in removal of extra material, what imp considerations I have to take during it?
Why is China leading the world in enabling technologies to achieve scalable production and offer the affordable value for money products to the world?
Which manufacturing technology is right for your new invention?
What kind of connectors is Tylko using for their Ivy shelf?
If you were responsible for Microsoft phones, what would you do?
What are the things one should master while learning product design basic?
What are the factors to consider when choosing a right sheet metal product design company?
Who are the best product managers in the United States?
How can I become a product designer after engineering?
What is the best job if you study Product Design Engineering?
Is it possible to specialize in product design after studying computer science? And how?
What is the bottleneck when scaling Branch to larger population?
What are enterprise tools that are currently poorly designed and could use product investment?
Which is the best institution for product design?
Which is the best product to stylize hair?
What are some examples of too big is bad?
Why do furniture industries or manufacturer needs product design rendering?
What's the name of the technique for designing products that can only be assembled a specific way?
How do the manufacturers of the S'well bottle create the vacuum (or partial vacuum) that exists between the two layers of stainless steel?
What is a good example of someone using agile methodologies in development of tangible products?
How can I move from Front-End Web Development to Product Design / Management?
What is a good example of a problem statement you've used to design a product?
Is it a wise decision to study product design after 4 years work experience in design engineering?
What is the difference between product design and UX design?
What is a good way for a mechanical engineering major to break into product design after undergrad?
What is the product "Lipaddict" by iskinNy?
How do I learn industrial design without any design skills?
What are different categories or segments in Product Design?
What are some examples of lead times to develop a new product in your field?
Where can I do diploma in product designing from?
What are the effects of heating on Silicone?
If someone wants to be a Master of Design (product Design), should he opt for Indian best (NID , IDC) or try abroad?
How do strong introverts contribute in a career like product design?
Packaging Design UX: Do people like their products kept unassembled in the box?
How specialty furniture manufacturers can benefit from reverse engineering?
What's so special about Apple products in terms of design?
Do product designers in companies like Quora create design documents for new features?
What kind of roles can an MBA holder do in product design?
What are some unique products that can be produced from Sugarcane and/or its by-products?
Do the best product managers focus on a single use case?
What is the best process for product design?
Why is Clinique a good product?
Why do they make wide measuring tapes?
Which is the best college to study masters in product/industrial design in the world?
What are the thinks a product designer has to do?
How do I learn product design without going to school?
Why are the most prominent plectrum manufacturers so reluctant to explore alternative materials?
Which software could be used to simulate and optimize webbing straps connection configurations to have minimal displacement under a given load?
Is there any software for Product design? Like keeping track of design specs, labels, photos, feedback.
Should I hire a product design consulting firm to help me commercialize my product?
Where can I find commercial renovation companies in Singapore?
How can I, a student in interior design, get an internship with a giant firm like Urquiola?
What course should I pursue if I love to do the below things?
What is the best product website reviews?
How do I start a hardware (white goods) startup?
How does model based definition (MBD) help optimize product manufacturing?
Which university is good for studying master of science in product design engineering?
What is the role of a product manager in packaging, labeling, designing and coloring of a product?
Which thermoplastic should I use to manufacture a disposable beverage container which withstands heat of about 100'C without deforming?
Do I need a desiccant in my product packaging?
What are the key differences between QA and QC?
Which is better career path?Persuing Master of Design(MDes) with a BDes degree or with of BTech degree ,in India?
I've a working prototype of a product that I’ve been designing for the past 5 yrs. What's the next step? Hiring a patten attorney? Can I do it myself?
Which are few of the innovative products designed for welfare of the society?
Did 'design thinking' overshadow some prior design related thinking for the worse?
Why are smartphones nearly identical year after year?
Which field is good for me if I want to get into product designing and marketing?
How can I create an electronic product?
How do you get your product made and shipped to you?
How would you evaluate Xiaomi's newest production, the Mi MIX?
Where is the best place to go to get your designs for Private Label Products?
Is ISDI Mumbai or DSK Pune better for Product Design?
Which are the best companies in USA to do "all over" t-shirt printing and dropship?
What are the most common needs of refugees in everyday life?
Are UX designers really necessary?
How can I submit product model to a company?
Which is better MITID or SID in Product Design?
What are some badly designed baby products?
Is blocs.io product design track worth the investment?
What does 2% terms on a product mean?
Who created Halo Top's visual identity?
I want to start making things. Is there a place I learn about materials, product design, and the like?
Does it worth to be an product designer?
What are the best universities for product design in Canada?
I have a product in mind I want to develop. Where can I go online to create a prototype?
How good is the Design Masters in Politecnico di Milano?
What are some examples of unitary products?
Why is the design of shopping trolleys so uniform? Is there no room for improvement?
How can I get a concept product made?
Any good product base companies for Android, preferably in chandigarh or in north location?
What are some very good product recommendation sites?
What are the merits and demerits of selecting Graphic design, Product design, Game design or Animation and film design at NID?
What are great examples of designing the product VS designing the experience?
I have a idea for a product, do you know how to approach designers for help on the design?
Can I go into UX design or product design even if I only have a degree in industrial engineering?
Is displaying my products on my website like Apple.com a smart idea in terms of visual to impress a visitor?
What are some documented physical product development methodologies that are similar to Agile methodologies?
What is packaging, labelling, design and color of a product?
What are the best countries to work as a product designer?
What company has good product managers?
What is the format for the appraisal letter for a product design?
Why does Toyota make ugly cars?
Is it worth to switch fields from Product design to CAE after 8yrs of experience?
What should I expect from a product design internship at a major tech company?
Are there any brands that with the sub-brand in front or prefixed to the brand name?
What is your favorite digital product and why?
What data should you collect before you design a product?
Which design degree is more rewarding in terms of income- graphic or product design, considering the next 10-20 years?
What is the single most magnificent piece of furniture ever made?
What book/website do you recommend to practice ISO geometric dimensioning and tolerancing?
I designed a sextoy that is both supersimple and revolutionary, what should I do?
What is the best target audience to design for when starting a fresh brand for fashion products such as accessories and bags?
What makes your product sticky?
If you want to have a physical weather station at home, what kind of features will you expect apart from the regular readings?
What are some good applications for product design for students?
Are mobile phones likely to get progressively smaller in the future?
If I want to learn about ship designing am I suppose to study product design or automobile design?
What is a product design interview like?
Can I pursue the Transportation Design PG course in NID / IIT-IDC even if I have no design background?
What's the difference between Master's courses in Industrial Design Engineering and Product Development at Chalmers University of Technology?
What are the job opportunities after completing Master of Design in Industrial and product design?
Why might people expect a product costing US$1,000 to be as good as or even better than a similar product costing US$3,000?
How do I get design patent on a product's feature after leaving the product company?
What are specializations of industry design?
Is UnitedWorld Institute of Design, Ahmedabad a good college for post graduation in product design?
What are examples of how big websites has used colors to gain users trust and appear as a strong company?
Do you find the Omega Grey Side of the Moon an excellent stand alone watch or derivative?
Do you know of any engineers who were asked to create something that wouldn't work on purpose?
How are Burberry products designed and manufactured?
What are the top five best products to "flip" to become a millionaire?
Do things go out of fashion simply because we get bored of seeing the same thing over and over again?
What’s the best product you own?
How good are placements in UPES in design?
What products are the best to flip?
What study fields are at the intersection of product design and psychology?
How DFM (design for manufacturability) for product design can save time and money?
How important is good engineering / technology when it comes to SaaS (vs. good product/market-fit)?
Which iPhone 7 product design do you like best?
How do product design firm get their clients?
Can I master the sketching techniques of Scott Robertson in 3 months by practicing for 5 hours everyday?
What is the best product design guideline web site?
How would you hire right company for your rapid prototyping needs?
What are some questions you have for people in the creative industry? (fine arts, graphics, animation, product design, industrial design, etc.)
Are there fake products which are better in quality than the original product?
In product design, how do you test/develop a highly-confidential physical prototype (not digital or web) in order to design it as user-centred?
How do I meet consumer product mentors in San Francisco?
How do I sell a good quality (not best) product with high prices in International Market?
What are the tolerances taken in industries while designing a product?
How do i become product manufacturer at lowest cost?
What challenges exist for product managers at various stages in a product cycle, in order to deliver a successful web / mobile based product?
What are some interesting uses of technology in everyday life?
What is your favorite product and why?
How do you know if you've got a great product or design?
What is the psychology behind attraction towards beauty of products?
What are the design problems generally exist in a Hair clipper/trimmer (in both corded and cordless)?
You have a metal disk at the end of a rod with a handle at the top, how could you make the disc expand outward by twisting the handle?
What are some example where product development lead time has been greatly reduced?
What does "rendering" and "model-making" mean exactly in the context of design?
I got 63 marks - AIR 210 in UCEED 2016. What are my chances of getting thru in IIT Guwahati and IITDM - Jabalpur? I am from General Category.
What are the differences between product diversification and product simplification?
Would you rather hire a product designer from a startup or from a large team?
What are the most important writings of Industrial Design?
Which product will be more successful - the best marketed product or the best quality product?
Which has more impact on the society frugal design or prodigal design?
What are the qualifications needed to be the best product designer?
Why can't I find more research on MP1 and are we close to implementing it as a product?
What do product companies look for in an industrial design firm?
Why did the Samsung Series 9 laptop change its design from awesome to boring?
Where do we find product designing job?
Why isn't Netbeans made with JavaFX since both are products of the same company?
What are some good books/resources for human factors design for furniture?
I have a design idea. How should I go about making my intellectual property into a marketable product?
What are the advantages & benefits of the branded specs on non-branded specs and their lens?
How good of a product is Herbal Essences?
What is the basic eligibility criteria in education to become a product designer and what is the scope?
How can I find a product developer to partner on energy efficient cooking-stove development project?
How can I judge that a product which I am buying is actually an UttamVyapar Product?
How Research fits into the product and service design and development process?
Which one is your favorite tech product and how can you Improve it further?
What products are made of high density foam?
Kifi is shutting down and I need a replacement product. (I have 400+ shared book research libraries on Kifi) What's the best product for this?
How Can I make cheap products look expensive?
How can good product design lead to better machine learning?
Is it possible that companies like Google are working on products rightnow that have the potential to change the course of human history?
Where can I get feedback on designs of objects online?
What are the dimensions of Fitbit Flex tracker?
What is the difference between designing for an software Application vs Product?
How do I find a product developer?
What are the Obstacles during product designing?
Which one is good for mtech: production or product design in development?
Can a multi purpose app be better than single purpose?
Is there any product designer tools with a marketplace software?
Does PGD in product design from NID focus mainly on aesthetics of a product rather than Engineering design?
I have recently completed my MS in Industrial Engineering. Can I be a car designer?
What is that one product you have used and made you feel good about it or frustrated about it?
What's are some great (images of) product teardowns?
What's the difference between Bic Cristal pens and Bic Round Stic ball pen?
What are some companies in the Bay Area with good product design internships?
I want to design my own wallet/pouch and get it manufactured. What is the process to go about doing this?
What should I do to switch from chemical production to process design?
Where can I find best product for fresh air at home?
I have an idea for a doll. What are the best resources to utilize to get a prototype made and then manufactured?
How do you charge for product/industrial design as a freelancer?
What are the design hacks a CEO can use?
How is 3D printing changing product design?
What do you think of this product?
What is the best product we need to bring in India at minimal cost?
Do I need a lawyer prepared NDA when talking to product design & manufacturing consultants? Will a template off the internet work just as well?
What are the techniques to develop light weight product designs?
What is the value of product design course at Manchester school of art?
What kind of problems related to refugees's everyday life designers should consider?
How are mathematics and science used in product design?
How can I get kurti designs for manufacturing?
Which are some good universities with product designing course in USA?
How much should a product design freelancer earn per hour?
Where can I find details for mandatory product labeling?
What disciplines/skills/knowledge lead to a career in product design, for smartphones and tech products like Amazon Echo?
How can service design enhance product design?
How do you prototype formed sheet metal parts?
What are your favorite products you’ve designed or worked on?
What is the best/cheapest way to learn enough engineering/product design knowledge to get an idea to being ready to be manufactured?
How would be my future if I select product design in NID?
What is the average package of a product designer graduated from nid or any other reputed institute?
What are some tricks for a flawless product design presentation?
In terms of functionality, applications and features what is the difference between SolidWorks and Rhinoceros 3D?
How do I remove unnecessary conservatism from product designs?
How do I get hired?
How cheap would exoskeletons have to be for them to be a mainstream consumer product?
How do I go about designing a complex product solo without hardware?
How do I choose the right company for industrial CAD designs?
What is an example of a product that always does the same thing but has been redesigned?
What are examples of exceptional product design?
Are there industrial/product design schools which don't require any specific degree in England?
As an app developer, what books should I read in order to understand how to build and sell products people want?
What are the disciplines or types of design within the realm of product design and/or UX?
Why are there many brilliant product designs that never make it to the market?
How design a product and its various technical functions altogether successfully?
Why do people keep asking "What are some examples of bad design?" Not a day goes by without me seeing this question on my landing page.
If there is a technology that can monitor your entire supply chain (the product's environmental and physical experiences) would you use it?
What is the product of protease? What are some examples?
What are the best graduate schools to study industrial design/ Product design in Europe?
What is the work of a product designer in any firm?
Why is Google Pixel's back panel design the way it is?
What are the top product design firms in NYC?
I love product design but I cannot draw. How can I become a mechanical design engineer?
How important is the communication between engineers and product designers?
Which are principal tips for good product designs?
How can designer merchandise products via magazine?
How can I transform a plastic paint bucket into a usefull object?
How can I improve on my product?
What are some great books on product design?
What products do you think can be fixed or be better implemented/designed?
What are the electricity problems being faced by the people?
What are tips for keeping track of a TV remote? Would a leash be a viable consumer product?
What can 3D printing do for product design and development?
I want to pursue a career in architecture or in industrial/product design. Which Indian colleges should I opt for as an undergraduate?
Is it possible to make a 3D design of the innovative Save-Paste toothpaste? If yes, then how? Please see the details.
What software do people use for product designing and product presentation?
What is it like to be a product engineer at Codingmart technologies?
How can I get experience in a product design firm with no experience in design? And things to know to get a job in Ahmedabad?
Is it possible to locate lists of high frequency words in a given topic, such as engineering or product design?
Why is zinc preferred over steel for metal stamping?
Which product would you buy if it could fly?
How do I become an industrial design intern at Apple?
Why are HEINE products good?
What exactly does one study during the four years of product designing?
What is the scope of product design in India and overseas?
How big is the Indian designer clothing industry ?
What has Philippe Starck been up to lately?
Why are cars with common platform successful but shoes with same sole are less successful?
What are some product design softwares for iOS?
What's the most beautiful aircraft?
What are the greatest designed products in the world?
How do you decide which microcontroller is best to design a particular commercial product?
What is the total product?
What is the best product org in NYC?
Why do we need to be productive?
How do I make a good product handbook/ user manual?
Why do the graphic designs of shampoo and conditioner bottles often obscure the words "shampoo" and "conditioner"?
Can anyone give some ideas for my thesis project in product design?
Can structure exist apart from sequence?
What is a Shippable product?
What is a recertified product?
Are there designers/companies who envision their products for behavior change while keeping sustainability in mind?
What specifications should I give to injection molding manufacturer?
Is regaine and rogane same product?
I am designing a product that is made by combining two products together. Can the design be patented?
What IKEA products or product lines differ around the world?
Which are the best universities for a post graduation in pharmaceutical product design?
Where can I buy wrap-around label with adhesive glue only at the ends?
Is there any commercially available wine glass design that would make it possible to cool wine using dry ice, without ever accidentally swallowing it?
Is it an added advantage to study btech mechanical before persuing product design? Or is product design better pursued in bachelors only?
What do you have to do to become a production designer?
How do I switch from production to product design?
I’ve completed B.tech in biotechnology, but I’m interested in design field. Can I pursue M.Des in Product design?
Can someone share a visually powerful product design presentation?
What are some good product or services ideas that just never really took off?
How does a team get started with a small-scale producer?
Is there really an opportunity for freelancers in Product Design? Can I think of this as an option?
If I change the external design of an existing consumer electronics product made in China, who will own the design rights?
How did production design start in Hollywood?
How can I go into product design when I'm working as a research analyst?
How is PES College/Srishti for product designing?
How do you set up your own product design company from scratch?
What can be used to remodel old sunmica furniture so it looks new?
What are the best websites to promote new products characterized by functional design?
Why do some bottles have bottlenecks while some bottles don't?
Who is responsible for packaging, labelling and designing of products?
Where do you go to find out how good a product is?
What is the difference between a primary and a secondary product? What are some examples?
How risky is a product design education?
What should I do if I find an UttamVyapar Product which is not a quality product?
Which field has widest scope on mechanical engineering section? Like Designing, Production or Automobile?
What is the OFF knob on the spray bottle used for?
What would be a good product or service that a motley group of young engineers can provide in a small start-up?
What are some tips for doing an app critique in a product design interview?
I'm a product designer at Google. How could I get myself in a work situation that lets me ski whenever the snow is good from January to March?
Why are drinking fountains so low to the ground?
What is the most profitable craft product ever?
What (physical products) have you made?
What is the new Standard mark for all electronic and IT related products in India and who has designed it?
How can I design and build a simple product?
What is it like to be on the Product Design team at Eventbrite?
Is it more difficult to create a truly good product or to keep up with expectations once you achieved success for the first time?
Is the design of USS Enterprise based on a Pizza cutter?
What do I need to learn for product design?
How do I justify being good at product management if my current company is not launching the product I am working on?
What do you think of this supermarket trolley design?
Could you please give me your opinion about 'MSC Smart Product design course' in NTU singapore? How is the college, course and the job opportunities?
Did Mercedes Benz copy the BMW X6 in its new GLE Coupe?
How can I get a prototype for a slippers design?
How do you get product design cheaply?
What is the difference between product management for a web based product and a mobile game?
How much is the product designers' salary in Canada?
I'm a teenager, and I'm interested in industrial design and product design. What are some ways I can learn more about this field?
How can we predict the complex behavior of products with simulation?
Where can I find a Product Design mentor?
Where can I find a good product engineer and designer from India?
Can we go for product design after bftech?
If I design a product for a market but a similar design exists in a different nations market then can I apply for a design or any other patent?
I would like to get started designing prints but all I have is an iPad pro. What tools do I need to get started in design?
What is the best part of being a product designer?
Can I leave a Product Design Company after signing an NDA, if I don't feel comfortable with the initial discussions and opt for another one instead?
What is your advice for transitioning from Product Design to Product Management?
What are some great modular products you have seen or used?
What are some of the must-watch documentaries for industrial/product designers?
Which is the best product which help me to stream videos?
Can you aptly differentiate the roles of a Product Designer, Product Manager and a Software Engineer working on the same team?
How can I design a product that will change entire life of people?
Where can I hire someone to build a custom sound mixer?
As a Product Designer, should I learn Creo, Solidworks or Catia?
What is the most important quality most product designers lack?
Are there people who do Product design as well as engineering (manufacturing design) of a product?
Should I read the Invisible Computer by Don Norman, or is it outdated?
What's a typical day as an ArtCenter undergraduate student?
How technical do Product Designers need to be in order to be effective at their job?
What are the future aspects in product designing?
I am designing a test bench for a linear electric motor; what materials are good enough for the supporting table?
What are the most iconic product designs of the last two decades?
Can a product designer student from a top design school work as a product developer for companies like Apple?
Why do companies adopt agile?
Product Design (physical goods): What are the best universities in Germany to study Msc or MA in Product/Industrial design in English?
How can I prepare myself for a degree in product design?
What do interviewers look for in a product design applicant?
How possible is it to get rights to images of a celebrity, for use on a commercial product that makes fun of them? (specifically Donald Trump)
How do I make an portfoilio for product design?
How should I charge my client for a consumer product design? Hourly or based on how much profit it will bring to the client?
Does NID Vijayawada has product designing?
What tools do I need to know to get a product design job?
What are the most in-demand skills for a product designer?
I have a good product idea, but it's easily reproducible. Should I do it?
Has anyone started a one person product design consultancy and can still make a living with it?
What's the best way to make and ship mass cardboard cutouts?
How will the role of Product Designers evolve with conversational interfaces?
Retention vs growth - are there any pearls of wisdom on how and when to prioritise one over the other?
How did Apple get to unaesthetic design decisions such as the products below?
What skills or disciplines outside of digital design would make a product designer more effective?
Why do so many alcohol labels look old or vintage?
Product Design: What suggestions do you have for companies to improve their current products and services or offer new ones that currently don't exist?
How is a typical day in a product designer's life?
What are some common interview questions on Solidworks?
Do I earn well being a product designer?
What steps should I take to be a good product designer?
What makes a good Product Management side project for students in school?
What are some good examples of conceptual design?
How do you judge potential in a fledgling product designer?
What are your favorite product design tools?
Product Design (physical goods):  What are the different ways to develop a new product?
Is it necessary to have a literature review for designing a product?
Richard Henry: What does it take to be a good product designer?
Who are the 3 best product photographers today and why?
Why do Product Designers not launch their own products?
Why the cords of electric irons are fabric covered?
Why is Smartphone screen vertical if human eye is horizontal and horizontal screen is more appeasing?
What are the examples of products which are well designed in terms of  functionally but not aesthetically?
What are some original alternative uses for a coffee mug?
Who am I looking for to help me build a prototype for a consumer product?
What are some examples of good design?
What are the best medical product design firms?
As an technical engineer who develops products, what are some things that are trivial in your field of work, but are over-hyped by the marketing team?
What is the difference between Rhino 3D and Autodesk Alias?
Which country/company in asia should I take my electronic product designs to, for mass production and shipment back to my country (nigeria)?
How can redundancy improve product design?
Advice for Licensing a Product to a Company - Do I need a small business or to incorporate myself to license a product/design to a company?
What is the most likely benefit a physical product designer can get as a co founder of a start up?
What software should a future product designer learn?
What are jobs in the kids' toy and technology industries that involve working with children (e.g. user research) to develop products?
What are the different growth stages of a Product Designer from IC to company leader?
How did product design find a seat at the executive table at Facebook?
Are there product design jobs at Facebook?
Why didn't Apple choose the design of the iPhone SE to be similar to the iPhone 6S instead of iPhone 5s?
Why are the Chevy Volt and upcoming Bolt seen as unattractive cars?
Is Agile Engineering the future of product design and development?
How would you design a neighborhood park?
How do we analyse test-market's results of a consumer product?
How much should I ask as compensation as a Product Designer?
How valuable is a traditional design education in digital Product Design?
Stated simply, what does an effective problem statement look like in product design?
As an industrial design aspirant, what should I do when I'm running out of ideas?
If you were to design for or redesign any product, service, experience or problem what would it be?
How would you design an oven for people in a wheel chair?
What are best product packing photos?
I have an idea for a washer/dryer, but how do I get my design to a manufacturer and begin to build/prototype?
What can I do in my spare time to increase my job prospects as a product manager?
What's a typical salary for a product design internship from a Series A funded startup?
How would you re-design a garage door opener?
Who designed the mobile charging station at the Sephora Flash store in Paris?
Product Design (physical goods): Why are fire extinguishers designed in such a way that you have to pull a pin before using them?
How do I try curvy shapes, example: make a paraboloid or a saddle of 4.5 feet height, at prototyping stage?
Where is better to study product design: Helsinki (Metropolia University) or Rotterdam (Willem de Koonig)?
What are the career prospects in industrial product design, in terms of ability to find job and financial stability?
Should Software Product Designers code?
What are the best videos on design I can find on YouTube?
Is there any product which can give you a profit of 5000 in Indian market?
How is the faculty for product design at art center college of design?
What's the story of the product design of Snapchat Stories before launch?
How does force propagate through the frame of a bicycle?
What type of job opportunities (in india & abroad) in Industry after M.E (Mechanical- Product design & development) completion?
How do you balance between user and client in Product Design?
What exactly is product designing and is this field doing well in india?
Where in New York City can I get access to a 3D Knitting Machine?
I'm only 25, can I be a senior product designer?
What is your favorite physical product and why?
How you get fresh ideas and perspectives with regards to product design or user experience?
What is the term when a consumer product starts out high and then lowers over time?
Is loreal a good product?
What are portfolio reviews like in product design interviews?
What steps should I take to prepare myself to get a job designing products?
Which product design professional have best design resume?
I want to study product design in US what are the options?
What is the worst product that you have ever used? Why?
What is the difference between product marking and product labelling?
How do I save my rights to the Idea if I'm going to outsource a product development?
Which website helps buyers to choose the best product?
What are some of your favorite products you designed?
What's the hardest decision you had to make as the head of product design?
Is Product Design right for me?
What are some great examples of product quality?
What are some examples of inclusive designs (products or interactions) which kept a 'woman' user in mind while designing?
Who does good product registration?
How can one prepare for design aptitude tests?
What are the best product design consultancies in NYC?
Where can I get free or affordable industrial design/product design master's degree from a credible University taught in English?
Should I go for PG in product design from Maeers Institute of technology and Industrial Design?
What advice do you have for students aspiring to be Product Designers?
How would you design sunglasses for babies?
I have a product idea but don't have the means to create a prototype. Should I hire a professional freelancer? How do I know he won't steal my idea?
Do Fitbit sales suffer from the product having an unappealing design? How could it be better?
How would you design a book case for children?
Is there any Requirement of an Mechatronics Engineer In this field of Product design at Facebook?
Is it true that they "don't make stuff like they used to"?
How does Devexpress design their product videos?
If I'm interested in product designing then do I have to take all the designs of products in my portfolio or it can be anything? (for nid 2nd phase)
How do the very strong product design function in companies like Facebook fit with agile short iterations and non-specialized roles?
Is there a solution like Usertesting.com for physical products?
How do I find product design internships in Europe if I don't own a European passeport?
How are RidersRasp saddles designed and made?
Did Dieter Rams's design process include any form of usability testing?
What are the key fundamentals you need to know for being a Product Designer (mobile and web)?
Is it better to be a Product Designer or Product Manager?
Which product has the longest lead time ever?
What are the scopes of a product designer in Bangalore?
Is there any way of getting into product design field other than going to an IIT, MIT or NID?
Which online courses, books do you recommend for learning the basics of Product Design Engineering?
Why door handles are mostly chamfered than perpendicular?
Does product designing have any future?
What do I do if I'm struggled at a minimal product design?
What are some new markets Apple can break into considering its strong technology, product and design competencies?
Who is a good product designer in nyc?
What would be the best product to retail in underdeveloping country?
Why do some cigarette brands (e.g. Marlboro) manufacture orange tips in Europe but white tips in USA?
What kind of designers should I use if I want to create a minimalist type wallet?
What is the best designed product/service/application in terms of user experience?
What is the simplest design thing you have used or seen?
Are Acer products known to be good?
How can I break into consumer product development?
How can I convince my parents that there are job opportunities available for transportation design in India in future?
Which are some of the best product design firms/studios in Ahmedabad?
Where can I find product designers for a startup idea?
I want to create some electronic products running custom software - how can these be designed and produced at scale?
What are problems that the wheelchair users face?
Which is the most high quality product ever?
Wilson Miner: What are good colleges for Product design and Interaction design after a B.tech degree in Civil Engineering?
What kind of course is product design?
Is it more cost effective to design a product first before engineering starts?
Why is iPhone's camera placed on the side and not on the centre of the phone? What was the thought process behind the design? Who designed it?
Design: Has Apple ever made a product with bad design?
I have to design a product and my theme is "the untold story "what can be my subthemes?
What is the inspiration behind the design of the stomstrooper helmet?
Why should I study Product Design and Engineering in IIsc Bangalore?
What can a computer science undergraduate do to become a product designer?
How do you learn to make products?
Why is squatting on the toilet bowl dangerous?
I have an initial product design (drawing) for my idea, but now I need to get it modeled. Which are the best options to do so?
Why is rendering increasingly important to product design and development?
What is the best practice to marketing online for SAAS companies ?
What is a product modulator?
What factors a designer take into consideration when designing any product?
Marc Lore: What keeps you motivated to build new products?
How is the everyday life of a product designer?
What do Product Designers at Facebook in London get paid?
How would you design a modern news aggregator app?
What are the different growth stages of a Product Designer?
Who is the richest designer in the world? How much is he worth?
What is the difference between the roles of a Product Design Engineer and an Industrial Designer?
What do you think of Bloc product design track?
What are some examples of bad design?
How do I become a product design engineer?
How do I learn the basic fundamentals used in desinging ATV role cage for the event Baja SAE?
In the world of car design, what exactly is the meaning of 'emotional design'?
What are the factors of product design that made us able to identify which models are older or newer relative to one another without prior knowledge?
People who still own iPad in 2016, what do you use it for?
What is the core scaffolding in product design problem framing?
Core companies those required M.E (Mechanical- Product design & development) engineer?
What are the best pens and sketchbooks that Product Designers use?
Should I buy 20:16 Moonwalker? Are they worth buying? What will I get when I pay $89 as a perk?
How was Apple able to make the iPhone 6 thinner than the iPhone 6 Plus?
What are the Top 5 Personalized Product Designer tools for Magento?
Why do industrial designers avoid the use of rulers, erasers?
I have a startup with the product in design & prototyping stage. How should I position myself in terms of marketing?
What design skills are needed in replicating the asana.com site?
I'm almost done studying graphic design at an art school, and recently discovered an interest in product design. Am I pursuing the wrong major?
I am an electrical engineering major but I recently discovered that I want to do product design, what should I do?
How much will it cost to develop a physical product?
What are some night courses for product design (physical) in london?
What are some examples for product designs?
How can I pursue a career in Product design?
What is the role of model in product design?
What would you change about a supermarket to make it better for college students?
Which is a good product designing software?
What should I do my undergrad in if I want to design products but have little interest in non-functional esthetics? (making it look pretty)
How can one become an expert in product design?
Where do product/industrial designers find materials?
What would be a good 5-year career plan for someone who is happy in their freelance career and repertoire of clients?
Which stream I should take after 10th if I want to become product designer?
How do you integrate Product Design & Product Development in your process?
How can I find out how to manufacture my product so that I can pitch it to potential licensees?
How do I build a washing machine?
How can a freelance product designer (physical goods) use LinkedIn to increase their outreach and find potential clients?
What are the best books on Product Design and Development?
What has most influenced how you think about Product Design?
I am planning to sell a product on Amazon. I will source 20 designs of the product. How many pieces of each design should I order to test the market?
How much do Product Design companies charge to execute an idea and concept to a real physical product? Is the payment done in stages?
Should I join DSK institute for Product Design or is Srishti/MIT/UID better?
For a student in the world of industrial design, is it a good design practice to use tools such as light box, templates etc?
which is the best university in the field of product design in UK, and how about the CSM?
What are some of the best books on medical product/device design ergonomics?
What can a digital product designer do outside of design with his/her skills?
Are there product design engineering bootcamps?
Does weight of the wine holder itself affect line of gravity when holding a bottle?
How do I charge someone for a non physical product like a service or consultance?
What are the problems that product designers face?
Where can I find a good design engineer to get a product prototype created?
With so much to pick from, how can one consistently discern great quality?
Should I study product design first and than study UI or the opposite?
What material are floating key chains made off?
If I have an idea for a new product, should I design that product first or research the market thoroughly?
Should I design a product which is already in market?
At a design firm, I prototyped a product concept. It was cancelled and not developed. How can I best redesign and develop the product and sell it?
Product Design (physical goods): What are some other books like Thing Explainer by Randall munroe?
What should I do for my gap year for engineering apprenticeship?
Theater and product designing- Both of these fields highly fascinate me, but I need to choose one. What should I choose, considering all the factors?
Should tech product designers be experts at CAD, or those tasks can be done by normal workers with lower wage and hierarchy?
Startup Advice and Strategy: What are the steps, from concept to production, for creating and selling a (physical) product? What is the estimated investment at each stage?
What is the best product design course for iOS app ?
How do design and tech companies determine if a job applicant from a different state, or opposite coast, is worth interviewing let alone hiring?
What is a product family?
What should I opt? Product design or Mass media?
How do you define design (product design)?
It is possible to downsize a human /make a human less than one inch tall, but keeping them alive?
What are some products developed according to cradle-to-cradle design principles?
What Industry would be apt for a career change with 20 + years of experience from Electronics Hardware Product Design?
How can we improve or develope a new backpack for e-commerce delivery boy so that it becomes easy for them to carry and solve problems face by them?
How did early Product Designers at Facebook operate?
How do I get involved in the business side of industrial product design?
Would VC invest in a product design agency?
How does one design and build a custom computer case?
How color variations are chosen for hardware tech products like the Beats Pill, the iPhone 5C, etc.?
What are some innovative products that can be designed and built below 500 INR?
How does a pedal powered washing machine (like Giradora, ventus or Drumi) work?
How do you make money Making your own app and be certified to create product design for other companies?
Product Design: Can product design be crowdsourced?
What is the most dangerous widely used consumer product?
I'm so passionate about product design. I have not cracked NID PGDPD thrice. I feel so much dejected. What should I do?
Imagine a product that you either love or find frustrating – what would you say in a love/breakup letter to it?
How will the role of Product Designers change with conversational interfaces?
What is a good product?
Should I have a provisional patent prior to engaging a product design firm?
Why do people write for free on Quora?
Can Freeform Modeling replace Surfacing?
Why do many companies make a good product or a service and then slowly start degrading it with time, without knowing how the customers feel?
Jobs and Careers: What is the difference between Creative Head and Head of Design?
How would you design a product (an online service) with retention as main goal?
How do you implement good product/ service from start to finish?
Why do larger computer cases usually get taller, rather than wider or longer?
What traits do you look for when evaluating a product design candidate?
What's the best case scenario partnership between a furniture designer and a manufacturer?
Why are most objects and utensils in the kitchen circular/oval shaped?
What does it take to get a job designing products?
How has the changing consumer eating habit impact the product design?
Is it always better the have the latest CAD/AutoCAD software?
As a beginner, how should one approach product designing? What ways, do you think, help in developing a design-oriented mentality or a design aptitude?
Why have smart gadget dials and buttons been designed poorly since at least 1968?
What improvements/changes in product design can be suggested for a better living in everyday life?
What loathsome products are way too loud, way too heavy, way too expensive, and way too unreliable?
How hard is it to get into the Product Design course at Stanford, and what are the requirements?
In the context of product design, how do you define a product?
How much should a new Industrial Designer charge for a Product Design job? What is fair hourly rate & how many billable hours should it total?
How much does a product designer charge to design bathroom fittings?
Are there any stopwatches that count seconds displayed as surds?
Should I pursue a degree in designing or continue my family business?
Which books have influenced your thinking on product design?
 What is the scope of product design in India? What should I take up after 12th grade?
Are you looking for the best product shoot?
How can I design phone idea (industry product design) and make it ready for manufacturing is there any simple software for average Joe?
What distinguishes a strong hire product design candidate at Google, Facebook, Dropbox, Quora, etc., from great product design candidates who don't get an offer?
How is 3D printing useful for oil and gas industry?
How do you manage an effective product design team?
What are your top 3 tips for effective product design?
I have a model for an IC engine that is not conventional. What is the best and an affordable way to create a proof-of-concept?
What is the best product to buy in bulk from India?
How do industrial design companies make money?
What is Product Design as a whole?
Industrial Design: Is it good to apply the QFD method when trying to design a product that is absolutely new in the area or country?
What do I need to know about making toys?
What are the steps to turn a design into a product?
How is Integrated Product design masters at PennDesign?
Is Principle for Mac now clearly the best prototyping tool for software product designers?
How you would design a better elevator algorithm that would make people’s elevator-waiting experience better?
How can I reach product designers?
What could be the next big trends in product design?
Please name 5 ways you can use beads to create products?
What products are "designed to fail"?
How marketers design product offerings that appeal to us by using our information?
What should I know if I am thinking of pursuing product design after my B. Arch degree?
How can I get funds to put 8000 € in a bank in Germany to start studying a master's degree, if my grade is about 63% and I need to study product design?
Need help with the fabrication and testing a pen recently designed. Any idea where and how we could do it?
What are some recommended meetups in San Francisco that focus on design research methodologies for product design?
I'm trying to design a product that releases powder from a container. You set it to dispense any given amount (in grams), then press a button. What type of professional can help me with this?
Why do people literally obsess over Apple and its products?
What are some of the best design/industrial design books to get?
Which is the best product to to start in injection molding for initial starting businness?
What are the requirements for product /design patentability in Singapore?
What is A role of product designer in E com?
How should I prepare for the entrance exam for undergrad if I want to become a product designer in India?
How can we make our consumers recommend our products to their friends and colleagues?
How can I check if the website I have built is responsive before I actually publish it to the web?
Why do companies like Google, Microsoft, ebay and some other corporates have four colors, red blue yellow and green in their logo? Does it have any meaning?
Where in northern India can I go to source toys of any sort, directly from manufacturers?
How can I use magnetic energy to make a robot?
Is context-sensitive Help dead when it comes to app and product design?
Is bachelors in business admin and post graduate in Industrial design a good combination?
My parents want me to become an engineer but I want to be a product designer from NID. What should I do?
I'm studying product design in stockholm, and my dream is to work for lego as a designer. Where do I start?
What's the most user friendly 3D software for a really good (impatient) product designer with average computer skills?
What should a mechanical engineer start with when interested in industrial design?
In a calculator, why are the numbers arranged in decreasing order from the top row to bottom row?
Why aren't there more non-tech product-based new companies?
How we can improve existing portable RO system?
What all skills does one need to learn before pursuing a PG course in Transportation Design from NID Ahmedabad?
What makes Nest cam the best product in its category to buy?
Have any Product Managers at Facebook started off as Product Designers?
What design career should I do?
I'm a product designer and I question everything. Some people don't like this. Is there any advice on how to best deal with these situations?
How much should a product designer's salary in Chattanooga, TN, be?
I am placed in Tata Elxsi through campus recruitment as a fresher in embedded product design. I wanted to ask about the future prospects and appraisals that are given to the employees. Is there a salary hike after the bond period or after the initial training?
How much does a fresher product designer earns?
Is there any product packaging design company that specializes in packaging design services?
Which programming languages should Product/Industrial Designers learn?
How can I design a touch-sensitive product?
What emotion does the face of Tesla cars convey?
Can I learn and design a product without having a mechanical engeneering degree just by online videos and lots of books?
How can I design industrial robots? How do I start?
How is the industrial design branch at DSKIC? How much is the placement acreage of product designing and automobile designing?
What is the cost of injection molding the body of a small appliance?
How can I learn product design at university?
What are the factors affecting product design?
Is there a site to look for independent industrial designers?
I am a product design student at Symbiosis Institute of Design. How do I find a Product Design internship in mumbai / pune? Which firms should I approach? What are the portfolio requirements?
Internet of Things: How would someone transition from working in (dumb) product design into IoT product design?
Which is the best college and state to do masters in industrial design in America?
How can I contact product designers in China?
I am working at an automotive design company as a GET. I want to pursue an M.S in Germany after 2 years. What are the best universities and courses for product design?
What are the best deals on product design tool this festive season?
How can someone prepare for a new career in digital product design and strategy?
Should I do business at Oregon State University or Product Design at Art Center?
How do I design and create a prototype for a tech product when I have no money or knowledge of integrated circuit design?
How do I find a product designer placement in UK as a Non-EU international student? How difficult is it?
How do I design practical products using CATIA?
We are the differences between a career in architecture, product design or furniture design?
How much does an industrial designer charge to design a gadget like Bluetooth radio?
What is art school looking for in an applicant's entry portfolio? The desired major here is product design.
Which is the best product/service for a Startup?
What are some of the best product designs?
What is consumer product?
How do I find an investor for my natural and luxury brand?
What are some product designing techniques?
What is the best product with an infinite demand which can be sold to 300 people everyday and costs Rs.100/$2 per unit and has a very low production cost?
What are some camera product details? I need to learn as many details as possible (eg:brand, price, characteristics).
What are the most important basics of product design?
Packaged fruit juices usually contain a hole. A sipper is inserted which tears the layer for consuming. I think that at least 1% of the layer may get into the straw/sipper. Am I right or wrong?
How do you design a product?
Most toys I see today, especially at big box stores, are horribly made and break easy. Will this ever change?
Where can I make my design into product?
Who can design graphical model of my product?
Which Tool to use to compare 2 different versions of Web Product?
What is the purpose of the tab on the top of the IngenuiTEA tea infuser?
What type of business deals with a lot of continuously changing/non-standard product requests? Each time there is a customer request, the business owner has to make a new product design and manufacture it?
What is the most groundbreaking industrial design work ever?
Is it better to (1) build a product then find a market for the product or (2) Find an underserved market and design a product tailored to the customers' needs?
What has better career options - media and communication design or industrial design (product design), interface design?
Leatherworking: I need a metal edge for leather accessories I designed. Can I order metal edges from a manufacturer like I would a clasp? If so what are they called?
How can I learn product design as an autodidact?
I want to record audio notes while taking a bath. What is the best product to achieve that?
I would like to ask a question about product design. How baldness removing will be marketed?
Where are the best product managers?
New Web product user testing: should one tell the details and benefits about the product or just let them play and discover its fitment?
How do you learn how to make injection molds?
I am planing to set up a design lab/ workshop for product design and development. what are the list of tools and items required to develop a mock up (mostly physical design and mechanisms) to validate my ideas for different projects?
What is the best product to export to Dubai?
What are the best cities in the world to pursue a career in interaction design?
How do I set product design goals?
I'm good at imagining and creating things but I lack drawing skills.Can I try Product Designing?
What are some examples of prevalent products with unnecessary elements /features which can be eliminated without affecting the product's utility?
What is the design/product design equivalent of IEEE?
How much capital and time I need to cut down an old car of 300hp and redesign.? Ps I just graduated in Car Design from IED, Turin.
How can companies make such great products and spend so little on extremely poor UX and completely inadequate manuals? Denon is one example but I find this to be the status quo.
I want to visit Mumbai for my Crafts Documentation Project. Any specific locality I can go to find me a perfect subject?
As a part of my course work, I have to select a random product and do reverse engineering, and write in detail the significance of the design aspects. Can anyone suggest me the best product?
What are the top best design colleges for product design other than NID?
What factors should be considered when shopping for an injection molding company for manufacturing a new plastic product to bring to market?
Will the RE Classic 350 suit a short rider of height 5'3" especially for driving in traffic and bad roads (balancing)?
What do you think about the Montessori Method, and does it work? What do you think about Montessori's classroom furniture for kindergarten?
Is the Summer Escapes pool a good product?
I am currently a psychology student but I want to be a product designer but my university doesn't offer the major, what ways can still learn and become a product designer?
How can an inventor ensure they profit from the sale of an invention to a large company without starting a company?
What are some back-of-the-napkin tools and formulas I can use as a practicing mechanical design engineer?
How would you market and advertise a hardware product to product designers?
What are some real stories showing design is not something where there is only one answer?
Does something like a miniature figure 8 belay device exist for fishing line?
How do I improve my product design thinking?
What are the ways of presenting online a quality of the product (e.g. color, structure, material)?
For what reasons do product cans with easy-open pop-tops have their opposite ends seamless?
What sensors are used for Sweat Analysis - more specifically alcohol detection?
How and where can I learn product engineering/creating a physical product?
In building a hardware product, at which point should we begin industrial design?
How do I design "how things work"?
How long would designing a water bottle (ie. Nalgene, basic) on Solidworks take you?
How can I protect my idea from a product designer before I patent it?
Do we need planned obsolescence?
How do I pursue a masters in product design, after having done an undergraduate in Architecture?
How would we decide which layout suits best for your product?
I have a product that involves flames. How do I get it approved / certified for safe indoor use? It uses small amounts of propane gas.
I'm a electronics and instrumentation guy can I become an product design engineer?
Given the technology available in 2014, why did Apple choose to make iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to be heavier and more importantly bulkier than technically feasible and than the competition, such as the LG G3?
How has science fiction affected product design?
What is the best and economical product design course in the world?
What is the average laser cutting cost on brass metal? I want to laser cut a jali pattern on brass metal sheet of approx half A4 paper size
Is Microsoft's HoloLens a good product? Why hasn't it been released yet?
Are there any (or multiple) online courses or books that go through the entire product development life cycle and also include details on prototyping, sourcing, quality control, packaging considerations, customer support models, etc., for physical products?
What is the single most important thing you learned about typography during your design degree?
Is there a science to picking colors that work well together or is it just subjective?
How can we make our consumers love and cherish our products?
How do I get a internship over the summer at Evernote as a product designer? Or anywhere else as a product designer?
What is scope for industrial/product design in India compared to CAD/CAE?
Why is there so much hype about MBD (Model Based Definition) for product manufacturing?
Who are the most important Industrial Designers of all time?
Who are the first people that are usually blamed, when a product fails? Why?
How can I draw or sketch out my product idea (mainly the housing design, model and the device's egornomics) without knowing how to draw? Is drawing even necessary?
How I compare rationally between Industrial Designers jobs and Front-End UI Designers jobs demand, stability and salary average?
Which is the best product for online sale?
What is the best product to set up manufacturing industry?
What makes a product successful at a global scale?
How do you use principle of leverage to do something in life?
Has anyone designed a commercially viable comfortable pair of crutches which do not cause pain in the hands and arms?
What are the best product managment blogs?
How does it feel like to work on user manuals that you know no one will read?
Who designed the packaging for Mini Babybel cheese?
How reputable is Amada world wide? Is it benefecial to continue if I plan to do my masters?
What are the firms that offer internships in the automotive product design field?
Product Design (physical goods): What are some of the most creative disposable coffee cups?
I am a Product Designer of a home product. Recently, I joined a startup of a product manufacturer. How much can I ask for my compensation or profit percentage if I only just do the designs and they do all the manufacturing, marketing and distribution?
What is Facebook's best product?
Is switching career from product design (automotive) to 3DCS good moove?
How do I gain my first income with industrial design if I'm from South America?
How do I start freelancing as a product designer?
What are good examples of a 'Features and Benefits chart' ini Product design?
What is planned obsolescence?
Can a B.Arch student master in industrial design?
Which is a better option for a design role: Uber or Facebook?
Aside from the obvious websites are there any lesser known or industry sites which post product/industrial design internships and jobs in Australia and Worldwide?
How do I get a case made for my product?
I'm a mechanical engineering student and recently completed my first year. I'm now planning of taking up short term courses on CATIA and ANSYS. Should I first learn AutoCAD or directly go for those courses?
What is the best product made by 3M?
Does furniture belongs to product design or environmental design?
How did the design of electric fan develop between 1940s and 2010s in the history? Major changes?
Where can I find an engineering company to create a very specific product of my own design?
I’ve studied design for the past 15 years and I currently teach product design at high school level (up to AP or sixth form/A-level in the UK). How would/could I go about productizing my intellectual property and what kind of business could I create by using this IP?
What does it take to become a product design engineer?
How can companies ensure the quality of their products?
How should product design be different for tropical and subtropical climates?
Why do some computer cables snap in, some screw in, and some just fit snugly? What's the logic here?
What sets Jony Ive's work apart from other industrial designers?
How do cell phone manufacturers create products with such tight tolerances and gaps?
As a product manager, how can UX research and design make my product successful?
What are some new lifestyle products that are designed to target the growing market of obese consumers?
Is Sweden a good country to do Ms in Product/Industrial design over Germany?
How do I approach people to get product design jobs?
Why hasn't anyone developed a better (widely available) way to fasten athletic shoes than shoelaces?
Are there any groups/ clubs where designers/ design aspirants meet up regularly to discuss/ share ideas in Bangalore?
What are some of the career opportunities in the field of product designing and manufacturing in India?
What are some complete and self-sufficient resources to learn product designing?
What is the future of industrial design? How is it beneficial for further carrier and jobs? What stream is the best to choose: interference or product design?
How can I get an internship at Michael Foley's design studio in Bangalore? (Check details)?
Which are the best product designing firms in New Delhi?
What products in the fashion/accessories industry are the easiest to produce?
Which is better for architectural modelling and product designing, Rhino3D or Cinema 4D?
Words: What would you call the padded or Styrofoam mold that is used to hold an object in place within a container?
Do any countries manufacture silicone jewelry and products besides China? If not, why?
I'm doing engineering from EDT (electronics and product design technology). Is there any scope for it?
What skills do I require to get into a post-graduation designing course after completing my BTech?
What option if better in cloud analytics development role, contracting or employment? What should I demand?
Which firms are involved in financial product design in India?
Why did my tennis racquet crack right above my grip even though thats not where I smashed it?
What are some beautiful minimal Industrial Design Consumer Products?
How does one come up with a good, strong concept or idea for a design?
What is the best product to stop nail biting?
Why doesn't IDEO have any offices in India, but has offices in London, Shanghai, Tokyo, Singapore, Munich and many places?
Will Stanford's new CS+ art program prepare a student for grad school in industrial design?
What is the scope for Product Design and development in M.Tech in India?
What is the difference between automotive engineering and automotive product design?
I want to pursue Industrial /Product Design, which is the best college offering undergraduate (after 12th grade) degree in these courses?
What is it called when a product is made to look a specific way?
I'm a 31 year old product design teacher and want to start my own business. What business could I start apart from a product design company?
Who are few best Product Designers in India 2015?
What companies pay the highest to product designers in India?
What are the best MOOCs on product design (in internet/mobile space)?
How and where can I find a person who can produce a prototype?
When will Facebook send out interviews for the Product Design Internship (Summer 2016)?
Why hasn't Facebook introduced photo editing feature till date?
Are there any Transportation Designers from NID Ahmedabad, IDC IIT-Bombay or any other institutes around the world on Quora?
What are some of your favourite product designs and some products that you wish could be redesigned?
What are the phases in product design and development?
How effectively can a product designer address social issues through the profession?
Where can I find freelance product designers?
Is there a standard rule of thumb for how internal temperature affects design life in electronics products?
What are good resources/ books for learning product and industrial design?
In what ways are Chinese, Japanese, and Korean product design philosophies different?
What are some examples of well-designed everyday items?
What is a good product to put in my SUV that has high mileage and runs rough at times that isn't too expensive as I am changing my oil?
I want to lift (make it hop twice) a disk shaped object of approximate weight 0.5kg, what are the possibel ways?
I want to make clash of clans merchandise, will I get sued?
Does someone who helps me design a product get an hourly rate, or a part of the profits from the sale of the product?
Pallet Collars: What is the largest number of different small goods you have stored, without them mixing together, in a single packaging in the warehouse?
Which is the best product that I choose for product design and development course project?
Who are the greatest industrial designers around the world?
What are recommended methods or resources for non-designers learning to sketch product ideas?
Why are phone cameras located towards a corner and not the middle of the top edge for symmetry?
What are Chinese companies that are famous for product design?
How can I apply for an industrial design master's programme if I am not a product design student?
Which design is concerned with the form and function of product?
How should a hardware startup pick an industrial design team/design studio to help them build a prototype?
What physical objects become more beautiful the more wear and tear they get?
What are some examples of clunky solutions to problems that have generally not been displaced or improved upon over long periods of time?
Which books should be recommend to excel in product design?
What are the best places to see nice product designs?
Are there any laws for aesthetics? Is beauty and design completely subjective?
Why is product design important?
What are the features of a steampunk-style-product?
What is the good product in Germany?
Can I pursue an MBA from IIM after doing a product design from NID?
What topics are covered in master program of product design?
Is there any dribbble-like site focused on product design, processes and outcomes rather than drop shadows and polished buttons?
Which is the best University for BA in Transportation or Product design?
In automotive design, how to you define the term 'fluidic design'?
What are the best resources (books and MOOCs) to study for tackling product design questions in a product manager interview?
How do I prepare for the CEED exam?
What are the brands and products that you have seen since childhood and they are still the same with same branding and logo and are popular?
Are beautiful cars designed by freelancer or employee? And how is their incentive pay?
How do you create a new product?
In a B2C start-up with a hardware or physical product, how would you test for demand with a not-too-low budget?
What is the scope of graphic/ product design in Germany?
What comes first prototype or patent?
What is the most needed product design for elderly?
Who are the best Product Managers in Poland/ CEE?
What are the top product design schools around the world?
In the world of industrial design, what is the significance of creating concepts by drawing on black sheets of paper?
How do I get my product design manufactured and sold?
Which is the best place to have an erasmus for a product design student?
What is the day in the life of a design strategist?
Which firms in India provide internships in automotive product design?
What is it like if you build an electronic gadget and it become a hit!! and you are the Master mind behind the Product design of it?
What are some of the best jobs and companies for Idea Hamsters?
How can psychology be applied to make better product design?
What classes at Wellesley are related to product design?
What is the best company structure option (tax wise) for a non-US resident, living in Europe and doing business selling both in the US and all over the world physical goods produced in a European country?
How do I find someone to manufacture cast steel table legs?
What are different problems in design of products that we use daily?
What is a good way to outsource the product design for a fashion startup?
What are some methods of joining an aluminum leg to either a plastic or metal joint that would allow for easy and repeated joining/removal?
When manufacturing large-volume products that involve magnets (e.g. a drawer that is kept shut with a magnet), how does the manufacturer ensure that the magnet poles align?
Why is it more expensive to make attractive products?
Why aesthetically and technologically well designed products are found more in the European and the American markets but not in Indian markets?
What are the products where you'll find a good blend of aesthetics and functionality in them?
I finished a painting MFA at a top U.S. art and design school three years ago, but I've since realized I'm meant for industrial design. How can I get there without returning to school?
Can a small firm hire a product designer?
Where can I hire any Product Designers? Any person who has the skills to design a product? (Tried the Design schools, they dont entertain startups any other leads?)
What was it like to work on new product design and development at Olympus during Yoshihisa Maitani's tenure?
What are some of the best blogs to follow for automotive design/product design/industrial design enthusiasts?
What is the process of product design?
What is the added value of product design?
Why are automatic faucets so bad?
What is an ideal product design portfolio?
What are competitions related to product designing softwares?
What industries contain companies that would outsource projects to product designers?
What are some of the best environmentally friendly products?
Is master of innovation and design engineering a good option after electrical engineering? If not design then what?
Which concept/available design is the best designed low cost, portable shelter for homeless people?
What is a good product to buy and sell?
Do you think I have an aptitude for industrial design?
Which universities are good to pursue a graduate program in product design?
If someone is confused about whether he should do engineering or not, and recently discovered that Industrial Design interests him but it is too late to do anything, then what should he do?
What are some exciting startups for product designers to work at right now?
Are the keys for same product made same?
How can I get an excellent Danish designer to design my product idea?
Who are the top product/industrial designers of India?
How is the TU Eindhoven rank in comparison to the top American design schools like Parsons or Pratt for industrial/product design, say? Is a master's from this university well recognized all around the world? In terms of employment after, how difficult is it to be employed around Europe or the US?
What software do industrial/product designers at Apple use to create their products?
How can I get a job in product packaging design?
From which colleges do most tech companies recruit the most productive designers?
Is a guidance class program such as the AFD India or Arkin for the CEED useful? If so, which is recommended of the above two?
What is the typical factor of safety of common tools?
Why do air conditioner remotes have flip covers for switches?
How much should a product design intern at a very successful start up make?
What are some good articles (scholarly) that describe the Theory behind Sustainable Design? Specifically for Product Design?
How can I turn a family juice recipe sold in a local shop to an industrial product?
Should I stay in Europe for a degree in product/industrial design or should I go to the US?
What are some notable companies designing original consumer products in Australia and New Zealand?
What could the inside of an autonomous personal car that functions as a modern workplace look like?
Is it safe to use InVision (app) or MarvelApp? What if their staff steals the product design?
Is it a good idea to package liquid shampoo in a tetrapack?
Does an experienced product designer have a solid vision of how he wants to see the final product, or does it happen as a state of flow when the pencil hits the paper?
I am a mech engineering student. I want to do product design in IIT. Can I prepare myself for CEED 2016?
Is testing at Ladooo Installs good for my product?
Where can I find someone to design a canoe sprint boat?
Who are the best product designers not working in Silicon Valley?
What skills do I have to build up to change from my present company to Texas Instruments?
What are the best product documents?
When is the best time to diversify a product range?
What are the best product companies?
What are some examples of services designed from a product perspective and vice versa?
Why do right-handed scissors cut poorly when using the left hand?
Which of these two institutes is better for under-graduate work in product design: the National Institute of Design Ahmedabad or the Industrial Design Centre at IIT Bombay?
What kind of software is used for the product design of tablets and smartphones?
Is maths required for product design?
Which non-metallic material can be used for the hard cover of an electronic good without looking cheap?
Who came up with the idea of making the one and the two rupee coins identical?
How is thePearl academy UG course in product design?
Why are water bottles and other liquid containers designed to be vertically stored rather than horizontally?
What feature would a smartwatch built specially for the blind people have?
What is the difference between B.Des. & Graduate diploma course in product design?
What is the best way to write product specifications for an online search product? What are some good examples of such specs?
What should I prefer: product design and development at MNNIT or production at DTU for an MTech?
What's the main difference between product design and systems design?
What is it like to work at titan as a designer?
I'm seeking a product design firm for a consumer product in either SF, Portland or Seattle. I'm a startup and am hyper budget-conscious. How do I locate a small firm with good designers that won't charge IDEO -esque fees?
Does product designing and luxury brand management have any relation?
What should I respond if I am asked to describe what is meant by product designing? Is it common to give the example of Apple's products that became famous because of their good product designing?
What material is the iPod Shuffle made of?
What preparations should an undergraduate do to become a product designer?
What are the principles of the use of colours and fonts in a website that product managers would look at?
What are the best interaction design schools in the US?
Is "planned obsolescence" in shoes something sueable?
What is Flipkart's best product that has been traded so far?
Why is it that almost all one door refrigerators open from left to right? Why is it not 50-50?
I'm an electronics graduate. Can I apply for an MS in product design? If so, what are the measures I have to take and what are the universities I have to look for?
What's not innovation?
Is it good idea to release an app that has an old iOS design or enhance the design and launch the product?
What laptop is recommended for an industrial design student to run all the high-end software needed for the respective course?
What does a product design engineer do at Facebook?
What are the prerequisites and processes to design a bike?
How can I build a product feature to let people invite their friends from a business perspective?
How do I go about budgeting manufacturing costs for a startup technology product?
What are the job prospects for product design in India?
What are some things product designers know that others don't?
What programs do product designers use to create visual iterations of their products?
Are there any sites for building physical products?
What are the career opportunities available after pursuing an M.Tech in machine design ?
Are there any universities in Germany that teach bachelor of product design engineering?
Besides a good lock, is Spybike a good product for bicycle security in an urban area?
How do I answer the question below, in a product manager interview?
I have a design for an electronic product. How can I get that manufactured in chunks of 20-40 pieces?
What's a good product designer to product manager ratio in a technologies company?
What is it like to be a product designer?
What are good programs to learn for product design/development in the engineering industry (biomedical to be specific)?
How, through good product design, can the operation management lead to improve product quality?
Which is the best product from Zoho so far?
What British-London-based companies design and manufacture their own products?
Which is the new smart feature in the air conditioning machine?
What are the best product categories for selling handicrafts?
Is there any short duration course for product design and development and can we even get a certification for that?
How Google design its Product? From which way or aspect
If I pick industrial design as my university course, do I get to learn design, engineering and marketing?
Why are thermos mostly round shaped? Do they insulate better? Or are people scared of the shape?
Can smart software replace human input in designing 3D models?
What skills must a product designer have and what software must he/she use in order to be ready to make an order from a factory?
Where can I get a custom designed metal/aluminum off road product made/manufactured for a reasonable price?
Are their institutions worldwide that rate Chemicals/Powders (industrial product) for it's quality?
I am a 24-year-old software engineer. Is it too late to switch to a career in animation/product desigining? If not, what might be the best way to go about it?
What is the best way to apply to product designer positions in Bay Area startups?
Can we patent a product in India if a similar product is already available elsewhere but not in India?
Is there any advantage in having two separate weighing scales in grocery store self-checkout terminals?
Can you De-Noise Cafes?
What are the most stupid designs in Apple products (hardware and software)?
A product designer explained to me about his profession by saying that Apple became popular because of it's good product designing. What exactly was he talking about?
I'm engaging a freelance designer to develop a product for household/lifestyle purposes. What kind of milestones should I set, step-by-step, for the designer to achieve the eventual goal?
Is a 5% sales cut a good deal for someone who designs an RC product for HobbyKing?
What are some of the world’s most sophisticated industrial products?
I will be completing my chemical engineering in a year. I'm interested in product design more than anything else. How can I get into the field?
Do manufacturers make molding for you, or should you have it designed by a third party?
How do I increase my analytical thinking and problem solving skills?
What is the best product for polishing coins?
Why do people say that housing.com has the best products?
I'm planning to pursue my M.S. in product design. What should I do?
What are the little things that you should ask a client before designing a product/system that will save everyone headaches?
I have a view on this but still I want to know. Why do the buckets used for dousing fire have a spherical bottom and not a flat one?
Who can I contact to provide feedback on a product for the visually impaired?
Why aren't more coffee shop tables built with 3 legs (instead of 4) to prevent wobbling?
Steve Jobs had a taste for minimalist and perfectionist product design. So why couldn't he appreciate the same principles applied to fashion?
How can I fundraise for a prototype design for a product?
I'm looking for a small London based product design agency that is hiring UX. What are some suggestions?
Which softwares and tools are used at large companies like Philips to design small electronic machines like hair clippers from the ground up?
What is the salary for product designers?
How can I become great in fashion?
How does design engineering compare with test engineering as a career?
What is the importance of effective product design?
Why are letters on most keyboard buttons printed on the top left?
Who invented matchsticks?
What is the best product to repair scratches in leather?
I am currently developing a course on design thinking. How can I make the course engaging?
What kind of product line can I start from home with as few expenses as possible?
What is the scope of industrial and product design in India?
How is the future for a product design startup in India?
What is the best platform for aspiring product managers to showcase their skills, learn from other product managers and discuss amazing products?
What's a great example of a terribly designed product that's doing amazingly well?
What are the successful products that saved a company from bankruptcy, and what are some products that killed a firm?
As an industrial designer using SolidWorks, I often have problems creating multiple iterations of a product leading to files and structures becoming fragmented. What is the best practice to avoid this?
What are the future prospects for a product design graduate?
What are some innovative designs for packaging a product?
What are all the areas where industrial design students passed out of IDC, IIT bombay find themselves?
Can you give me a good idea for product design and development subject?
I am not so creative. What can I do to be a good designer?
How should I design a GPS tracker by myself without downloading software?
I have completed an MTech in product design and manufacturing and a BE in mechanical. I am finding it very difficult to find a job. How do I overcome this?
How one can become a product designer?
I need to make a prototype of a pen-sized physical product in Bangalore. Where can I get help in Bangalore for both the designing and making?
What is the basic UX approach designers are still using for web and mobile applications?
I want to build a VR/Simulation product, which books do you recommend to start with?
What black material can I buy so that a video projected on it won't display?
What is a good way for an individual product designer to challenge themselves to create, learn, and build the business from nothing better or faster that works?
Did anyone check the 2nd and 3rd offer results for admissions into industrial design at IDC IITB? If yes, what are the names of the shortlisted candidates?
How do people usually specify the depth of a cut when cutting an acrylic sheet in a CNC laser cutter?
Where should I major in, if I want to start a business focused on solving environmental problems?
When you apply for a product design intern position at Quora, who reviews the portfolio? Only the recruiter or at least one designer?
What is the simplest way to make a servo go back and forth?
How can I get into product design job?
What is the best college to do product design in India?How can you get an admission in those colleges?
Which modern Android phones have the rear-facing camera in the corner of the phone, rather than the center?
Are there any schools that offer product design and UX/UI design degree in one single graduate degree?
What is a typical sales cut to receive as the designer of a product?
Do industrial designers sell their products?
Which product design has been so good to immediately express/communicate to the DNA of the brand?
Is there a good product to protect wood floors from wood chairs?
If you could win money for presenting the best new product concept of the year, what would it be and why?
Is product design better than architecture in India?
Why will Apple watch fail as a product?
I want to do product design in my future. I'll be entering university soon, but the schools I've applied to/can apply to don't have PD courses or majors. Instead they have ENG courses and majors, which is somewhat close. What would be beneficial for me to take in undergrad?
What will be the cheap and best product to export from India?
What is best product to manufacture today?
What should I choose, MSc in computer-aided conception in RWTH Aachen, an MS in machine dynamics (NVH, etc.) in the University of Cincinnati, or an MSc in integrated product design in KTH Stockholm?
What is Stanford's MS in product design like?
My product designs are getting copied by other businesses similar to mine, who then sell them at cheaper rates. This is affecting my sales. How do I fight this problem without opting for patents?
What are some inexpensive ways to make a startup office cool?
What are some emerging alternatives that will use 3D printing in the next 5-10 years in the realm of product design/design engineering?
What makes people prefer Apple devices though the specs are less? I am an Apple lover too, but still I wonder myself. Does the credit go to the appearance and build quality?
What creative and low-cost marketing ways can be used to gain customers in the grill restaurant business?
Which are the best institutes in India to pursue automobile designing? What's everything one needs to know before pursuing the course?
What do you think about the design of Microsoft products?
What are some good examples of smoothness in design products?
Do you prefer a mug with or without a handle?
Does Kickstarter have a research and development lab  for the creators on the platform? If not, would this be good, and how could it be implemented?
How do I get an internship in a design studio in India?
If you are a student that majors in industrial design, would you choose another major instead if you could? Why?
What are the placements scenarios in the NIT Allahabad for MTech product design & development?
Where can I find a ball bearing that clicks upon turning allowing a similar action to that of a ratchet (a wheel that clicks when turned) but a mechanism that turns both ways?
What are your principles when you design a product, draw a picture, make a dicision, or do anything?
Can industrial designers do their entire project on paper?
How much do Pebble watch product design interns make hourly?
What skills should a physical product designer possess?
As a product designer, how do you decide what materials to use? What are the biggest challenges in the selection process?
On what visual medium do footwear companies prefer to have designs presented to them?
Who are the best recruitment consultants who place mid/senior level positions (director & above) for the best IT product companies in India?
Can a startup that creates a physical product ever be scalable?
Is Apple hiring industrial designers?
What are the major differences in the syllabi of business and marketing analytics master's programmes?
I have an amazing invention idea for a consumer product that will solve a problem nearly everyone faces many times throughout the year. I just don't have the design or engineering background to move forward. What are my options?
Can I study mechanical engineering or architecture then specialize in product design engineering?
What is the future of an industrial design graduate in India?
What book exists about materials you can use with a new product?
What are the parameters that differentiate an industrial designer from a product designer?
Why is your physical appearance better than others?
How do you get a new product manufactured quickly and at minimal cost?
What are the best design agencies in LA?
How can you patent your product if it's made from two other products that are simply attached to one another?
What are the best tips to design a lot of unique products in a short time?
What are the points which are required to be kept in mind while designing a snack's bar?
Shouldn't Apple acquire BlackBerry?
How much do you pay attention to the environmental-friendliness of your shampoo packaging?
How can we share ideas about technology?
To what extent if any can Facebook React Native be used to create prototypes by product designers?
As an aspiring designer, how do I set milestones for a product design process with my clients to guide our progress?
Wearable Technology: What are some good examples of Apple Watch designs?
How closely do product managers work with the industrial design team?
Why does the media pay so much attention to the planes "designed" by graphic and industrial designers?
Is it wrong for Blackboard to offer a relatively small amount of money (and offer no royalties) to the winner of an open industrial design competition for the design of something that might go into production?
What is fashion product development?
Is knowing Photoshop or Illustrator more important in the industrial design industry?
What is product designing? What is its scope in India? And what are the best institutes for the same in the Maharashtra?
What is Apple compromising in giving 'form' a bit more priority over 'function' of it's products?
Why was the Acer R7 laptop designed with the unconventional trackpad placement? From a product design standpoint, does it even need a trackpad if it focuses so heavily on touch?
Which is the best product of Fabindia?
How can I become a concept artist?
Who are the leading designers currently in the world apart from Apple's Inc., Sir Jonathan Ive and Co.?
How do manufacturers decide the length of mobile charging cords and why do they keep them so short?
Do you agree that Coca Cola cans and glass bottles tend to create a better overall customer experience than 1 liter and 2 liter plastic bottles?
Business in India: What is a product or service you wish existed but doesn't?
What is an obligatory hardware / software setup for an industrial design studio?
How is this kind of mock-up or presentation made?
What are the cardinal sins of Product Design?
I want to design a new coastal freighter, but there is a problem. How do we estimate the principal dimensions?
Who is the most talented product designer alive today?
Do you have to draw to be a product designer?
I just completed my graduation in mechanical and I have only a few skills in design and modelling. What can I start up to make money?
I wanna get a product photo shoot done for my company to gain competitive advantage in eCommerce. Which is the best product photographer I can hire in Mumbai?
On what date will the debate about whether software product designers need to know something about code end?
If I have to setup a design studio like Apple or Porsche Design, how do I do that in India?
What is top product design?
What need would there be of designing a product that produced (and not reduced) drag?
Do the best product designers make design decisions based on data analysis or intuition?
Do the roles of user interface plus user experience equal to a product designer?
Which software would be best to design automobiles for beginners? Where/how can one learn it?
What are some recommended books that help product's designers to do marketing analysis and suggest practical tools and techniques to understand customer's needs?
What are the advantages of a belt oil skimmer?
Where can I see a list of all industrial/product international design competitions?
I want to pursue a master's in product design from the USA. What is the procedure?
Is the Fair and Lovely product good or bad?
Could you give an example of a traditional product that has been repackaged into a modern product that you love?
Who offers the best product design classes in San Francisco?
There is a design which is patented. Can I reproduce a product just by making a small change in it?
What are some examples of famous products that were developed using the target costing method?
How can I make my products more unique?
How is the master's program in strategic product design?
What are some good invention design firms for a product I have in mind that involves app development and mechanical design?
Where can I hire a very talented cheap industrial designer and how?
Where and how can I learn product design and practise it in India?
Would it make environmental sense to make the paper coffee cup lids?
Where should I go to school for product design?
I am from an engineering background, how do I make up my resume so that I get into industrial design at RSID or Art Center College of Design?
I want to become a product designer. I live in Canada, and therefore there aren't exactly PD programs available for me in undergrad. What alternate programs can I take that can help set a good foundation in PD for me?
What is the design process behind a large product redesign?
Should I sell my product at cost to gather customer feedback?
Why is a coffee stirrer made up of tiny straws?
What would affect the future of humanity most likely in a positive way?
How do you figure out if your new tech product idea is attainable or too convoluted before you have a prototype or even subunits of the prototype?
Why do Apple products tend to be better than competitors' that preceded them?
Is there a heavy-duty metal material out there that can mold to a shape when under pressure and then bounce back to its original shape?
I want to pursue a master's in product design from a European university. What are some suggestions?
Is it possible to sell a design for a product to a company without actually creating a prototype?
What are all the things I need to know for making a smartphone company?
I am interested in product designing. What are some pointers on what tools, books or tutorials I can refer to, to hone my skills?
What are some data points on the effectiveness of "new" or "updated" labels on product packaging?
Who are the best startup product designers out in the field now?
If you could combine any two things into products, then what would you make?
Does anyone have a sample of an empty DOC for "product spec" to share?
How do small & medium companies with integrated product development manage their products definition data?
How should a product description page look like?
How do I sell a new design product in furniture?
What do you all think of a product design showcase platform startup like Valsfer | Product Designers' Home that helps to match make smart hardware product design concepts to brand/product companies to OEM/ODM resources?
Why is there such a high demand for software developers even in companies that produce physical products?
Which one is the best for building a product or offering a service, for a first-time entrepreneur?
What is the difference between the marketing concept and the production or product concept?
What is the best product to dissolve hair from drains?
I am a mechanical engineer (BE). How can I go for product design without a further master's degree?
How do I prepare for a M.Des. (product design/industrial design)?
Which companies in India are recruiting 3D printing and designing experts with an M.Tech in product design from a reputed university?
How do you take a product designed on paper and make it into a prototype?
Where can I get the product design knowledge for automotive vehicle components?
How close to the product design and implementation is a CEO/founder?
What is the difference between product design and design research?
My business specializes in selling phone cases designed by my team. I'm planning to open it up for other designers outside of my team in hopes of having more variety. what platforms are our there that would help me achieve this goal?
Why is the monocoque chassis considered to be better?
What kind of certification do I require in India, as I am going to design an electronic product?
How can we see the most popular product/flavor of any brand/product?
How is a spray achieved in manual dispensers, particularly the spray head?
What is that small component near the door handle of Hyundai cars?
How can I expand an injection molding business?
Blu-ray movies sometimes come with downloadable formats for other devices. Are retail products with downloadable specifications for 3D print-at-home replaceable parts on their way yet?
What is the exact job role of a design engineer, especially part model designers?
If you're going to build the smartest connected camera in the world, what would it be like and its features?
What should I do if my software product is similar to one owned by a big company?
If you were a product, which product would you be and what would be your tagline?
What obsolete tech item have you not been able to throw away because you're too in love with its design?
What are some of the best keychain designs?
How do I get started with sound products designing?
I am applying to the Art Center College of Design. What should I do for my Industrial Design portfolio for admission?
What is product managemet?
How would a consumer products company be capable of copying the popular products of its competitors one or two hundred years ago?
I'm currently working in the automation & machine building field. But, I'm planning to change my career to product design. What mechanical subjects do I need to concentrate on to get into product design?
What's it like being a designer in India?
Who is the best well known product/service designer with a business background?
Which variety of lavender is most commonly used in the production of bath products?
Which websites can I use to teach me about the Fujitsu 95000?
I have a lot of interest in coding and CAD. What should be the specifications of the laptop I would need in the civil department to practice both and for it to run extremely smoothly?
Is aluminum a more eco-friendly choice for laptop and smartphone casings than plastic or stainless steel?
Who are the best product designers in the world?
What is the thread and inner diameter of a toothpaste tube?
What are some examples of product designers who ran into obstacles during the product design process?
How did Adis Hasanic get recruited by www.branded.me as a product designer?
What do product/industrial designers do?
If you could reinvent an everyday product, what would you choose and why?
How do I create a finished electronics product for commercial usage?
How can I measure the value created by my product?
What is the easiest product to use?
What amazing products are ruined completely by some simple usability flaw?
Can you recruit engineers online without a prototype, on just an idea?
Can you use a preexisting product to build an invention that will serve a specific market?
What connection is there between the design of consumer products and the design of retail architecture?
What free/low-cost 3D modeling software would you recommend to an engineer who wants to do complete product design?
Why are back seat buckles reversed?
How much influence does Jonathan Ive have at Apple relative to other executives?
What's the difference between service design, UX design, product design, and industrial design?
Who designs the products in the film "Her"?
I am interested in mechanical (product/automobile) design. What are the best colleges for a master's in the same field, in India, the USA, Germany, Italy and France?
What are the latest trends in modern design?
What are manufacturing systems, and how are they distinguished from production systems?
Does the Aeron chair have an alternative that is built from a completely different starting point?
Is the diameter of a 500 ml water bottle opening related to the diameter of the human esophagus?
A group of engineers and I are developing a product that requires a charged battery to function. Who can supply us a power adapter that can be custom manufactured to match our brand and product design?
How can a person enter Apple's design team?
What engineering product, technology or design is India famous for?
When you look into your beautifully designed bathroom, does it bother you that you put a cheap 3 dollar plastic toothbrush in it (or an electric one), that looks more like a medical product?
I am developing a technology product for consumers. What would be a great 4 or 5 letter brand name for my product?
How important are product/model design development services?
Which are the top automobile designing institutions in world? What are their eligibility?
What engineering product, technology or design is Finland famous for?
What is the most stupid product ever created?
What is the purpose of the shape of a single edge razor blade? Why do they have a hole in the middle and two cuts on the sides?
How can I have a nice looking finishing for a robot?
What is the future of designing?
How do you calculate lifetime value of a product while incorporating the likelihood that in the absence of the product, the purchaser would buy something else?
What products is Witworks working on or will work on in the future?
What defines a Singaporean design?
How do you find factories to manufacture a product, or parts of a product that you've designed (overseas or domestic)?
In machine stenography, why are some letters specified twice if there is a shortage of keys already to fit the whole alphabet?
Why does water go cold after a while in a vacuum flask?
Have you ever needed to have some kind of object while you were walking down the street?
What is the scope for a career in design? Since it is a vast field, I would like to narrow it down to graphics, UI-UX, packaging design. Which among these has a lot of scope and MS courses for it?
Which are the worst product designs that we are stuck with?
Is product design a good career?
Product Design (physical goods): What are the top 10 product companies that have design in London?
What are some recommendations for design encyclopedias?
Would Steve Jobs have been an even better CEO if he studied industrial design or product design while he was in school?
Where does a master's degree in product design lead the designers to?
Who will be the first to build a widely adopted internet of things with central heating and cooling systems for homeowners or consumers?
What are some good books to learn about injection moulding?
Does Twitter take design and product suggestions from users?
Am I just the only one that wants an actual electronic notebook to write notes instead using a multipurpose tablet or an app?
What was the last product you used that took your breath away? Why?
How is your working experience in Lego?
What do you think about the high-end design product social network, everious.com?
From where can I download free tutorials of CATIA?
To invent a new product, should I focus first on finding the novel idea or my area of familiar knowledge?
What is the future of consumer product service?
How do I learn product design?
What are the best industrial/hardware product design companies that work with start-ups?
What are the best books on Product Design and Lean UX?
What company worked with Lego to create the in-store animated digital Lego box station?
What is the best course to guide in the vast field of scope of product development and not the products?
How much of a role does the packaging of a product play in its sales?
What is the most effective way to communicate about our product or service to end users? Is it good to have a video or website having all the features of a product?
How can I know if something I invented has been patented? How can I go about commercializing it if it has?
How much does it typically cost to image and print holographic images?
What is the formula for calculating electric motor capacity to apply certain force using a screw jack?
What are the frequencies of possible outcomes for consumer purchases in the USA?
Where can I find a maker who can help me create a fabric tent footprint prototype?
How can I find out what products and services are being consumed by the ultra-rich?
Why are licorice candies, Twizzlers, and Red Vines shaped as a hollow vine?
How do you design a credit card that encourages saving?
If I am not very good at sketching, am I still eligible for product designing?
What skills are required to design consumer products that have artificial intelligence technology embedded?
What are some methods to develop more focus and become more productive?
How can l protect my idea for improving a product owned by a company? How can I introduce my idea to that company?
What is the best industrial design school in Toronto?
What is the Microban product that is infused in products?
Why are great products really hard to build?
Maybelline's latest lipstick containers are poorly designed; it's hard to get the lid off, the base hardly has adequate real estate to hold onto, and it looks like cheap plastic. How did it get past their design team?
Would it be possible to build a removable bicycle frame?
According to same features in visual and audio elements (like rhythm, color, proportions and etc), could we design products (like furnitures, home appliances and etc) base on musical taste of people?
What is an 'unresolved tangency break' in the context of design?
Can anyone help me with a good mechanical product designing company in India?
Can a designer take a tech product to market with no experience?
Why do Apple's headphone cables have that grippy coating?
Why are laptops so ugly?
Theoretically, how do I determine memory requirements if I am designing a new product?
Why do the majority of manufactured cigarettes feature an orange filter tip with yellow flecks?
Why would a major brand copy a product design of another major brand to such an extent that it's obvious (e.g. shoes or advertising material)?
Do serious design brands use Printful or other POD to craft their products?
Which are the universities that have the best product design programs across the globe?
What are the best examples of dogfooding?
What are some good books for a scientific work with the topic "timeless design"?
I am a product manager. I am thinking about spending some time to learn product design, both interactive and industrial. What could I do?
Did Apple compromise performance for design by only putting dual-core CPUs in its new MacBook?
What engineering product, technology or design is Austria famous for?
What is a good textbook that provides details about properties and different grades of rubber and silicone and their uses or applications?
What are some products that could benefit from being made of carbon fiber?
What is the best and/or easiest way to present a design idea to a company?
What are some of the best firms providing mechanical product design services globally?
Why does this ice cube tray have notches in the end?
Who has production, productivity and quality assurance problems?
What are some good examples of funny/creative product packaging available in India?
How was Twitter a success in its product design?
What's the best personal productivity system you have used?
What are some interesting new products made by Quora users, or for which they were principally responsible?
What degree should I study if I want to work as a product designer at LEGO?
What are some common everyday products that the general public uses incorrectly?
I am basically an aeronautical engineer, then I pursued a PG in product design. Now I am about to do a master's in materials science. How can I integrate all of these into my career?
If I had an idea to create a new cosmetic product, how do I go about actually creating the product? Who do I contact?
I want to be a product designer/architect. What is some advice on what should be done and the path?
I am an undergrad sophomore non-tech major wanting to learn more technical skills in computer science, information technology and product design. What should I do?
What's the function of the curved screen on the Galaxy S6 Edge?
How can I get industry professionals to come speak to my university's product design club?
What are good examples of Japanese art and design magazines?
What are some good examples of measurable improvements/results in design? What is a situation where a button, a logo, or a whole product/website/app contributed to the business goals in a tangible way?
How do I go ahead with the product design patent?
What are the best companies in new product design and development?
What product design challenge questions do you get interviewing at Uber as a product designer?
How do I find someone to build a prototype?
Why do most online products not have the date the product was produced?
What engineering product, technology or design is Denmark famous for?
Where are a collection of videos of software product designers talking about stuff they have done, what they do, problems/approaches, etc.?
What are some examples of exceptional food packaging design?
What engineering product, technology or design is Russia famous for?
How can I make a start up, as an electronic product designer?
How much does dailyobjects pay its product designers?
How do I get a job as a product designer?
Which one is better, exhibition design or industrial design?
What is the job role/title for a person that creates feedback sounds for appliances and car interiors whose background is in UX and sound design?
Have Patanjali Products improved the quality of products we get?
Are interaction design type projects good for an industrial design admission portfolio?
What sort of work will be expected from a computer science and engineering intern at a firm such as Cadence Design Systems, which works on electronic design automation (EDA)?
What are some example design challenges for a product design position in San Francisco?
What is the scope of tool engineering or design scope in India?
Where can I get a prototype of my computer mouse design built?
What engineering product, technology or design is Norway famous for?
What makes top designer products so much more expensive?
What engineering product, technology or design is Sweden famous for?
How much time will it take for me to learn SolidWorks enough to create a chassis?
Startup Advice and Strategy: What is the most important thing for a new startup, the product or the marketing?
Are most software products (including games, mobile apps, SaaS products, etc) more or less indefinitely "works in progress?"
I have a brilliant idea in mind related to Google Plus, Google Database and Google Earth and I believe it will change the way of social networking. How do I contact Google for it?
What is the added value of using boundary objects in the development phase of designing new products and services?
Are marketing insights really true and are studies that generate statements like 'customers want to signal status' accurate?
What other things add to the cost of an electronic consumer product apart from the component and manufacturing costs?
How do product managers write product requirement documents (PRD) in your company？
Why were pince-nez (glasses) designed in their current shape?
Should social enterprises invest in research and development? If so, why don't social enterprises have research and development centers?
What is the best way to revise for a level product design?
How would you redesign the features/functionality of a television remote control?
How will industrial design be in 15 years?
Why does Apple care so much about the design of their products?
What career tracks are similar to interaction design but have practices which are considered staples of everyday business (not something to be fought for and contended weekly)?
What is a sedan, coupe, hatchback and all other design types?
What's a consumer product, digital or physical--pervasive in most cultures--that is in serious need of a redesign?
What is the average salary of a product designer at Smule in 2015?
What are some examples of mainstream products with Arabic names?
Where can I find a product design (consumer goods, furniture, lighting, automotive, aerospace) internship in Hyderabad?
What are the top 5 industrial design colleges in California?
How much power does an author have over the "production" and design of their book?
What are the factors that affect the strength of a spring?
What is the process Apple uses to create products that are extremely simple to use (iPods, iPads, etc.)? Are there good books explaining their methods in detail?
Do you need to learn mathematics to be a good industrial designer?
Which company is best to work for as a product design graduate?
What engineering product, technology or design is Iran famous for?
What engineering product, technology or design is Australia famous for?
Who are the designers/engineers behind Iron Man's suits in the Iron Man film series?
What is product design all about? And in professional courses, how and what is it all about?
Is designing/drawing a piece of furniture for $20 a good offer to take?
What product can I create to earn some money?
I need to present my product to investors and clients with a digital version, that looks sexy/sleek and anatomically accurate. Should I source this out to a design firm? Can I purchase software to do it myself?
What are the top product design studios in India?
Why did Apple change the Macbook Pro power cable from one which runs along the body to one that runs outward from the body?
Is it still possible for companies to take the world by storm when their products are non-digital?
How does a designer new to Shenzhen find a good local manufacturing engineer who can help him to plan mass-production of his product?
Who designs the product features in Google?
Why are Italy and Italian products like food, cars, machinery, etc., so famous in the USA?
What is a simple explanation of the difference between service design and product design?
If a "new product" is made from a natural substance and a chemical compound, is it patentable?
What are the latest designs in the transportation industry?
How much does it cost (minimum ballpark) to hire top tier Italian design firms like Pininfarina, Giugiaro?
How do I become a good product designer/developer?
How do I create the best product images and descriptions?
What are the major qualities for a product or plant design engineer?
Why do cars have steering wheels and not handlebars (like in bikes and cycles)?
What are some brilliant and unique uses for common household products?
What do you think about the social website name "definera" for sharing subjective definitions of words or terms?
Why are there spaces in the threads of plastic soda bottle caps?
What is affiliate marketing and is it right for me?
What is the prototyping/manufacturing process like? How do I follow up?
Powerwall and CAVE are super cool tools for design and visualisation, but are they really in use, or just in one or two labs?
How realistic is it to use littleBits to prototype and for production?
Are there any great turn-key product packaging and labelling services in the U.S.?
How tolerances are given in drawing for sheetmetal, when the component is of new design?
What is the best way to make t-shirts from high resolution files of my paintings?
What engineering product, technology or design is Israel famous for?
What business model is suitable for product design/development companies?
What are some of the most elegant plastic bottle designs?
How would you redesign and rebrand the tricorne hat to appeal to contemporary American youth? Can it be done?
I need a piece of clothing designed and manufactured. A non-existing piece of underwear. Where can I find someone that specializes in the design and manufacturing of such?
How do engineers feel about using everyday products that they helped to design?
What is the weirdest user behavior that you've experienced with a product that you've designed?
What are some defects in products that were later recognized as desirable features?
Where can I order custom Odroid U3 cases?
What are some machines or products that could be improved or simplified from a mechanical engineering prospective?
I have sketched a design of a porcelain mug that I would like produced. This mug will have a silicone sleeve. I would like this sleeve to have a pattern like polka dots or checkered boxes. What's the best way to take my sketch and turn it into an actual product?
Can I teach myself industrial design? What should I learn?
What can I do if I've identified someone's product with the potential that it has been marketed badly?
Is a degree in industrial design required to get a job designing products?
I am good at developing conceptual design mechanisms. Which would be the best career for me and how shall I pursue it?
What are some interesting design elements in everyday products?
How can a tool be more precise than the one used to create it?
How can I make free promotion for my product by webzine?
Where can I find some readings with images of the design of french rotary phones?
How would you design an opaque container to make it easy to judge remaining liquid?
How does the design of a bed matter in the amount and quality of sleep we get?
Who designed the USB symbol? What's the story behind the individual or group who designed it and the design process they pursued?
What is the day in the life of an industrial designer like?
Is injection moulding in and of itself eco-friendly design?
Will the concept of planned obsolescence ever die?
How do I find an engineer to partner and/or help with the design of a prototype, without using some of the pricey, prototype companies I see out there?
What is the production process of Bid-Co.?
How do I make an electric consumer keychain that plays sounds and shines an LED when a button is pressed more robustly?
Who are the best world class web product designers?
I am a freelance graphic designer, in Mumbai. How much can I charge a client for product designs?
Why are teacups thinner than coffee mugs?
What courses at uni do you have to complete to be a product designer at Apple?
What are the pros and cons of the Apple Watch's Digital Crown?
We have a prototype product to build the quality of roads. Will the Chennai municipality or government subscribe to our product? How do I approach them ?
Why is the heat positioned on the right side of temperature control knobs in a car but on the left side of faucets (such as with sinks and showers)?
Sales: How is it that electronics stores can just change the model number of a product on a whim?
What are the job opportunities after graduating from a product design PG course at NID, Ahmedabad?
Which growth stage startups in Delhi-NCR are hiring for product design (imagining the product and customer development) or product marketing?
What manufacturing process applies thin stainless steel over plastic in kitchen appliances?
How can l create my own design?
Where can I get my hardware prototype?
What are the major areas a person with a degree in product design works in?
Will the ten principles of good design by Dieter Rams be obsolete any time in the future?
What is the contract manufacturing cost difference of packing a solid food product using the blow-fill-seal process versus the form-fill-seal process?
Who are some interesting product designers in Shenzhen?
Who designed the Little Tikes car?
If I sketch out a design for a really cool sweater on a piece of paper, is there a way to have someone manufacture a prototype of it for me?
What is a product that is difficult to use, and yet people are still addicted?
What is Google's product philosophy?
How likely is a factory to waive the tooling cost for manufacturing an original product (electronics)?
How does one get into the product development industry?
What is ZURB?
What type of business or manufacturer should I be searching for in order to get my product idea produced?
What are some examples of new products released to the market in the past 100 years that are the most innovative, based on the criteria of having made the simplest change, yet having created the biggest impact on people’s lives?
Why are bottles of Marqués de Riscal wrapped in golden wire?
Who is the best online t-shirt design software company?
How much monetary value does any company give to information that can tell on which zone what product is bought the most?
What are the best blogs where people post product design ideas?
How did Microsoft change its Surface design over time to address customers' changing needs?
What are some delightful micro-interactions with products that you own?
What are your favorite Swedish products and why?
What companies became known for their great design (excluding Apple)?
Why don't Indian petrol bunks design a wider nozzle for large quantities of diesel tanks, like buses or trucks?
Does rubbing your hands together dry them faster while under a hand dryer?
What is necessary to make break-proof headphones?
Why is a product called as a "good"?
Why does my washing machine have three drawers?
Is there any reference book for products which is more technically oriented?
Which are some of the best customisations, modifications or dynamic ideas that look freaky cool and perform splendidly on any moped or normal bike?
What are the craziest clock designs which don't have rotating needles?
How many different products does a company need?
Has anyone ever tried to get a licensing agreement with a chocolate company?
India is the second most populous country, and Hindi is spoken by the majority of people in it. Why don't most electronics products have user manuals in Hindi?
My daughter has come up with a lovely drawing of a 'flubbie', a creature that she wishes to turn into a physical reality. I told her I'd help. How best to go about the process?
Why is there a need for smartphones to become thinner?
What's a good toy to take apart or examine to discuss what makes it work?
I want to work with creative and intelligent people with the purpose of making a change. Would an undergraduate in product or industrial design give me the environment/options I want?
Why don't vehicle manufacturers design and make cars etc. with some sort of viewing device in the very front of the bonnet (hood)?
How did you hire amazing product managers and designers in SF?
If you want to find all the companies in the world, whose product or service is built around one technology how should you do it?
Why do bikes have stands on the left side?
How are products tested for EMF pollution compliance?
Is a double major possible with aerospace & product design?
What are the top companies in the automotive design industry?
Do manufacturers of equipment with plastic cases go through multiple design, testing, and redesign phases in finalizing the designs for their plastic cases?
What's the most essential thing in design? What is design about?
Do you know agencies for pattern designers to sell their creations to, which would act like an intermediary between fabric manufacturers and the designer?
Which company is readily open for internships for industrial designers? What are some qualities they require?
Where can I learn to write a business plan?
How can I reverse engineer this product?
How can I design an unbreakable glass thermos flask?
How do I find original product manufacturers for Brazilian hair in East Asia?
How did Starbucks add culture into their products and stores?
What are the steps involved in finding a manufacturer to create a product prototype and getting it sold through retail chains?
What is the point of having thinner phones except for design and feel in the hand?
What are the best colleges currently to study industrial design for tech industry?
I have just studied the entire product design process as an engineer. How can I make the most of designing products as my passion?
Is making generic products which are a look alike of the branded product, not patent infringement?
What are the best design houses in Shenzhen?
How do you use a rhinestone transfer?
What products/service do you wish you had that doesn't exist yet?
Why is a UX salary so high compared to industrial design? Isn't good industrial design just as crucial for a good product?
What are the most innovative products of 2015?
What free software can be used to design an all-new car?
Are there any well known industrial designers active on Quora?
How does one go about finding opportunities to get design work and maybe working as a consultant?
What are some great design features in common objects, that we usually don't acknowledge?
Who are the best recruiters for full-time visual designers and product designers in e-commerce?
What's an example of an object/product that you use often and has a problem with its design?
How can I learn manufacturing and mechanical design?
How do I know if I'm creative and genuine enough to be an industrial designer?
How did Sir Jonathan Ive become the product design guru he is today?
What are the best design schools in France?
What Oracle and IBM products have become compatible after MySQL has been rewritten?
What computer manufacturers have developed all parts of their products?
How can I design a paper plane folding mechanical machine?
How much would it cost to get a custom plastic enclosure made in India (spherical 7cm dia), for mould design and how much would it cost for each enclosure in production?
How can I make a cardboard tube waterproof?
What is some advice on protecting a physical invention?
Do you think urinals in public spaces should also be designed for women? If yes, what factors should be considered?
Is it true that product designers can work in a wide range of problems?
Why is the information panel for the citizen on a US passport booklet on the second page?
Does it matter if the packaging is a bit damaged when returning a product?
How do I get ideas for innovation and design projects?
Can you design a medical tool with a bachelor's degree in industrial design?
What are some great Lego designs?
Why aren't urinals better designed?
How competitive is industrial design?
Who designed the standard plastic CD case?
What specifically does a product design engineer do when designing a smartphone for a major company like Apple?
Which are the startups working on making products for selling to rural India?
I am post production department experience (editing and compositing). Are there any freelance or production jobs in Bangalore?
How do I convert a 3D drawing to 2D (Either First angle or third angle of projection) in FreeCAD software?
What are some of the closest Apple resembling laptops in terms of looks?
Are there some digital or automobile brands having the following feature?
What is a good manufacturing product for a startup?
Who are some incredible industrial designers who are ready to join startups?
What are some references of designs of a single-seater frames chassis?
What are some examples of waste in the design phase of a new product?
How could Material Design be applied to physical products?
Are there undergraduate degrees in the U.S. or Canada which can provide skills for a career in product design?
Where can I get a basic packaging design for an MVP or pilot of a new CPG product? How much will it cost? Any vendors in particular?
What everyday life items are likely to experience major design changes in the near future?
Why is an ALU U-shaped?
What are some ways to self-study industrial design without going to a design school?
What are the best places to study industrial design in Europe?
Who designed this Lamp?
What roles do product managers have in innovation?
Visual Impairment: What factors are essential to design a product for blind people?
I'm interested in creating a new electronic product for a particular niche. It would be similar to other products out there but for a different use case. How can I find out who manufactures these other products to approach them about working on my product as well?
What do I have to list on the products section, on the business plan for a marketplace: the niche products description or our product/website features?
Which product truly touches you? Why?
What is the greatest product you have ever used?
What are some of the famous chair designs?
What do you call this huge tear dopper?
How is end product quality built into equipment design?
How can you describe the role of a product designer?
Why are snow globes spherical?
Where are fireworks designed and made?
Would you use a shower that you could accurately control the temperature of?
Which hues and shades of ProMarkers are recommended for beginners in transportation/product design?
What are some unique design styles which many people may not have heard of?
What are some good books on function & design of transportation (specifically the route selection)?
Which product in the world offers best value for the customer?
Why don't hex-head bolts typically have markings of the wrench size?
What is an idea for the Imagine Cup?
Which are the courses on Coursera or other MOOCs to study product design?
Are there any master's degrees in technology/design/innovations for undergraduate students with non-engineering background (like economics)?
Does Apple employ electrical engineers to work on the locations and functions of the inside components of a smartphone, and does it get Johnny Ive and his team to design the inside of the phone too?
What is the best thing you ever made with your hands?
How can I come up with an amazing product name?
How many product design interns does Facebook hire?
What is the salary of a product designer at Apple?
I have a hardware product and have designs. Where do I get it prototyped?
What is the most bizarre/unusual/least compatible/not Lego of Lego pieces?
How can I do well in interviews for design jobs?
Why are injection fills designed as they are?
What's the most disappointing Apple product ever?
How do I get the job in drafting designing analysis  software?
What is a new technology product (no mobiles please) which people see as rare?
How do I design a feature for an e-commerce portal in which if customers viewed some products we can show him similar products. Also, what is a suggested efficient data structure for it?
Who designed the Zune from Microsoft?
How do I get large quantities of plastic and metal items that I designed ethically, manufactured in a variety of colors at a reasonable cost and turnaround?
How many objects have been made on "How It's Made" with the name of the show on them?
What should be the prototype for attracting an investment: the finished product which has a small number of users or exemplary demonstration model which contains a small part of opportunities of the final idea? What prototypes were shown to investors by founders of successful startups?
How old is the use of a nail cutter?
What is the best CAD/3D software for product and apparel design?
I am qualified in CEED. What should I do next to get into the stream of my interest, say vehicle design, product design, etc? How should I prepare for the DAT?
What is one product that you love and hate with a passion?
How can I get MOOC/E-learning through online Web and Video courses related to Industrial, Automotive, Product Design developed by Indian professorial/professors?
What are some great American products?
Who designed the Command button on Apple computer products?
What is it like to work as a product designer at a contraceptive company?
Why do pails and basins have circular ridges at their bases? Is it for strength or easier manufacturing?
Is there any consolidated online resource to find what labels, if any, a manufactured product needs in order to comply with legal regulations to be fit for retail sales?
What does industrial design encompass?
What is product design?
How good are Mercury skates?
Who are the the most prominent industrial designers working in the Bay Area today?
How do I extract product details from Flipkart's given product name?
What tools are used to design and develop new LED based products?
I need help with a UX package design for supplement packs! What is a way to improve on it?
If a lot of people think that a product design is ugly, then why does the product manufacturer continue production?
What is the best way for me to educate myself about product design engineering and starting a business on that topic about designing smartphones?
What could be the best possible design for economically affordable toilets which can be used in Indian villages?
Where are the places to buy different types of wood materials in Singapore?
Is a good product/industrial designer an artist or is he an engineer?
Where can I find a tutor who would teach me to sketch/design automobiles (transportation/product designs) in Mumbai?
What are some of the good startups for an industrial engineer?
Why isn't furniture padded so you don't hurt a toe by accidentally walking into it?
What everyday objects has, surprisingly, a lot of science or technology in them?
What is the story behind the creation of the iPad?
Why don't most concept product designs ever enter the production stage?
My company uses me as a "tactical" product manager without clear product ownership. Should I leave?
I have an idea for an improvement to the design of a snorkel. What tools do I need to develop a prototype for this product? Where do I get the raw materials for this prototype? Are there any companies that can help me build this and are they very expensive?
When will Thync release its first consumer product?
What should I do when I don't get an admission to NID (National Institute of Design, India) for product design?
What are the most creative famous transportation and product designers in 21st century?
What books can help me in designing a formula car chassis?
What are some of the inconspicuous non-digital microinteractions that we use in our daily live?
How do I learn solid works?
Who are the product designers (physical goods) in Quora who I can follow?
What are the best sources for these topics of mechanical engineering?
Product Development: How do companies like Apple choose which feature to keep and which one to let go in their products?
How/Where can I find contacts of companies in China that can assist me with a mass product for my design idea?
I paid an independent contractor to help design and 3D model a concept I had for a consumer product. Do I own the IP on the model? Can I apply for a patent?
What is the process that LinkedIn uses in their product development? Who are the stakeholders making product and design decisions?
What's it like to be a LEGO designer?
What are some unique products?
Why do smartphone manufacturers make low-end phones look like crap?
What is the meaning of injection moulding?
Why do light bulbs have a circular shape?
I work as a part time art teacher. Can I get a recommendation letter from my student's parent if I want to apply to universities for a master's or PhD? Will it be considered?
What is whole product?
Are there good examples of physical product packing for online services?
I want to design a product/service for the BOP market. What can it be?
Music: What is the best roll-up piano keyboard?
What do you think about design products online?
What are the product design courses for a B.Tech. in electronics and communication?
What are some examples of products that don't get updated by the manufacturers?
Why are the chalkboards green?
While working on a business deal, a big company requested a product sample. On my CV should I say which product that was?
Why haven't technological advancements given us a replacement for the umbrella?
What are the best trade capture design techniques?
What are good examples of invisible design?
In which ways are humans able to produce more and more precise production tools?
What should someone who's looking to design and prototype a multi-purpose phone accessory do if they have no experience with any forms of product/design engineering?
What happens to the motorbikes which you can find in any engineering college mechanical lab that can work with air or water? Why aren't automobile companies able to launch them yet?
What is the difference between an engineer and a designer? They (industrial designers) always say that an engineer can also be creative like a designer, so what's the key point?
What is the best way to add vitamin content to a product?
How do I improve my Creo 2.0 skills?
Are there any people who brand, design, develop, and market a product/app by themselves?
What can I offer to a company so they decide to support my thesis project by providing me material, information, etc.?
What is a great example of a consumer ratings engine?
Career Advice: I plan to do EECS, but I'm not really that into making coding my life. What job can I get in the tech industry, without becoming a programmer?
How does a click pen work?
How would you make a snake-proof suit?
Why doesn't the Indian government make it mandatory to show photos of patients on cigarette packets (like it is mandatory in Malaysia)?
What are the best books for packaging design?
Do startup founders design their web pages themselves?
Who are the best LinkedIn influencers in the industrial design space?
Which are the best design colleges in India for Product Design?
When is the undergraduate product design programme starting at IDC-IIT, Bombay?
Is traditional industrial design slowly being replaced by UX and interaction design?
Would you buy a mug that can illuminate a shape/figure on its side without any batteries? Why?
I have a headset that is able to work as a speaker and a headset, an A4TECH HSP-500. Is a similar product available elsewhere from other manufacturers? Or is there a newer model of the same product from A4TECH?
How different is physical design from layout design in both the analog and digital industry?
How can soda cans be redesigned to make it easier to to drink the last few drops of soda?
Has an urge to engage in enclosure resistance through enterprise reached an all time high in the minds of concerned citizens, and therefore, currently surfacing in a diluted form through the social enterprise and cooperative movement but soon to be identified by the masses as the solution through the natural progression where relativism takes hold of radicalism and people recognize the concrete effectiveness of engaging in nothing less than enclosure resistance?
What are some ideas for a mechanical designing competition on the following theme: design a math model for the reconfigurable and shared use of features in an automobile?
I have an idea for a product that I think many people can use. What steps do I take now to create a prototype?
What do I need to do to be a product manager?
What reason should I give my class teacher for selecting Fruit Jam as my product for my project on product designing?
Was Ettore Sottsass (Italian designer and architect) captured by the Allies during the Second World War, or how did he end up in a concentration camp in Yugoslavia?
Can anyone run me through the manufacturing process of an original product?
How can you define the role of a product designer to a layman?
What are some sites or links that's industrial designers utilize most for research/inspiration/etc?
Will consumer demand for new products and new product styles sustain the demand for industrial designers? Is there a risk that industrial design professionals will disappear in the future?
Which smartphone app has the most aesthetically pleasing user interface?
Is there anyone who can design a logo for an upcoming venture near to New Delhi?
Why are plastic canisters in many devices so difficult to wash?
What kind of person designs Nerf guns?
What are arguably the greatest/most beautiful pieces of art/objects that are made out of controversial materials?
What companies from India have put an impact on the world through their products or services?
What is the best way to get into industrial and product design if I have a number of creative ideas but no experience in this field?
Who are the lesser known but equally accomplished consumer product design gurus today?
Is it a good idea to use a company like InventHelp to design a prototype of a product on paper, develop and market it?
Can a product be sold as "inspired by" a film?
I study interior design and now I have a senior project.  What subject would you advise me to choose for the project?
How could one make a prototype of a product without a 3D printer?
What is the best field of product design in Israel?
What is actually meant by a product being unique?
What are  some badly designed products that you use everyday?
What is it like to pursue a master's in design after a B.E. in electronics? How is product design related to electronics engineering?
Why are all new Yahoo! products a failure design wise?
Is there an online guide for creating and developing a product or business idea, getting the product manufactured, getting samples and increasing production, and market insertion?
What are the best real world user interfaces?
What are some well designed palliative care and assistive technologies?
Did keyboards have a Windows key before Microsoft created Windows?
Should I put the product price on a front-page thumbnail or just in the product page itself? Which one is best?
How do people conduct effective product development when the team is sitting at different geographical locations?
What are some hobbies of an industrial designer?
What are small elements in design which should be taken care of while designing any product?
I have been asked to conduct some freelance mechanical design work for an industrial design firm. In terms of protection for myself and the company, what sort of contracts and documents should we both sign?
What are some examples of companies that can't switch to producing the same product but with a different design?
Does being a graphic or product designer make any difference when working with UX/UI/IA?
How would you know where a product is really made?
Why is the shape of a bucket always round?
Which is the best 3d product design and modeling company in the world?
What are the characteristics of a good design?
Do Samsung products tend to fall apart and work poorly after they are 2 years old?
Where are the best places to learn basics about cardboard folding/packaging and to find an expert to help with the design of a cardboard folded product?
Product Design (physical goods): Is there any source or versioning control for hardware?
How do I make people buy a product they like the design of?
Without planned obsolescence, how long could Apple make their iPhones last before they slow down, fall apart, etc.?
How could one make a prototype of a product without any capital or resources (access to 3D printers or manufacturers)?
Can anyone technically explain the reasons for Apple using fewer specifications in its products?
Why don't any cell phone manufacturers put the microphone and earpiece on the back of the phone?
What consumer retail companies are the most innovative in terms of improving their products? Nike and UnderArmour come to mind, but what are other notable ones?
What are the biggest unsolved problems with smartphones?
What products have you bought recently because they were beautiful, cute, or well-crafted? (Plus, what makes them so, and how do you use them now?)
If 3D printing designers can make money from their products, would more designers be interested?
How do I design a catheter?
Who's the best Twitter product designer in 2014?
Who are the most innovative web designers?
How can I get an industrial design internship in NYC, China, or Australia?
Which are the major digital design product/service studios in Japan?
How do you balance user-friendliness with customizability?
The USA and UK editions of a book often have different cover designs. In what essential aspects do these designs differ?
Is there a functional reason for the trend of high waistlines in car design, or is it all aesthetic?
What are some of the top buildings with great architectural designs?
Does Ashton Kutcher really design those yoga tablets?
What is a good product to sell for the Christmas season?
What are the differences between graphic design, visual design, and product design?
What are some examples of cool interactive products?
How is it that the submarine is tilted yet the two guys in there are standing upright effortlessly in these scenes in X-men First Class?
How do I design a new physical product from scratch?
What are the best books to learn product designing?
How did you come to draw?
What are some great ideas for a product design project?
Where can I find a database of every available product on the planet?
I have an idea for a kids product that is currently on paper. How do I make it into a prototype and get it manufactured?
Girls, how would you like your laptop backpack? Which are the actual problems in the unisex/male backpack?
If I want to set up a new industry and have a plot in the Bawana industrial area in Delhi, what product industry can I open to earn a good return?
Which discipline should I opt for (PGDPD at NID), graphic, product, or digital exp design?
What are some good examples of a tech/product becoming dominant because of its ease of use?
What do the strips at the bottom of face washes mean (see attached image)?
Where can I find a list of sustainable materials used in industrial/product design?
What are essential factors one must consider while designing any product?
How is the cost of a product decided?
Is there a difference between MFA, MS and M.Des in Industrial Design?
I have an idea for an invention, and would like to take it from theory to prototype. Should I be looking at industrial design studios to pull this off?
What's a suitable computer (and specs) for an industrial designer to use?
What discipline should I choose for my undergraduate design (GDPD) programme?
What can I make with metal tubing?
Does Coke engineer their cans to make a louder popping noise?
What is a product that you look at that is so simple yet ingenious and you think to yourself why didn't I think of that?
How come the first notch on a fan is always the highest speed?
Why are toothpaste tubes a problem for consumers, even though they don't buy liquid toothpaste?
I am designing a product that is made by combining two products together. Can the design be patented in India?
What are some practical products or habits that are common where you're from, but which are rare elsewhere?
What makes a design engineer efficient?
What can I do during my free weekends/vacations to be a better designer?
What is the history of the Philippine Appliance Corporation?
What are some ways to market a design?
Is it legal/possible to use a component of another product in my own?
How is Jonathan Ive paid for his work?
Do Apple products tend to fall apart and work poorly after they are 2 years old?
How can someone who doesn't have an official education but has great design skills and is great on a sewing machine make money?
What tech/startup companies in NYC are seeking highly skilled industrial and commercial product designers?
Where can I find a good product designer for a new idea?
How is a spacecraft sealed hermetically?
I have a proposal to manufacture an automobile-related hardware product embedded by software. What kind of government (Indian) clearances do I require to bring it to life?
How does one go about manufacturing a small batch (~100s units) of a simple metal fabrication in a cost-effective way (in the US and in China)?
Does it take a woman to design products for women?
Product Design (physical goods): What are sustainable and good designs for a foldable solar kit?
What is the hiring percentage of product designers at Facebook?
How is it easy for a person to switch over form UX designing to product designing?
What is the relationship between product managers and the UN?
What are some examples of a product becoming so inherently useful that it becomes invisible?
Why are keypads numbered left to right rather than top to bottom?
Can a mechanical design engineer (product development) do an MS in industrial engineering? What would be some career options after completion of the MS?
How much should a simple product rendering cost, given the industrial design is already finished?
Can I be a software/hardware engineer if I took product design, IT and French as my GCSE subjects; is there any benifit of these subjects to be a software engineer?
What's the difference between 'Director of Product' and 'Group Product Manager' at technology companies?
What is the most embarrassing product ever designed?
How much do industrial designers earn?
Could anyone point to me web sites with design products to sell?
I have a design for a wristwatch I want to build and put in production. Which manufacturing companies can help me achieve this?
What are the key benefits to emphasize when pitching a company pivot from B2B to B2C?
Which requirements are considered in industrial design?
What are the tools that professional designers use?
Where do you start when developing your product packaging?
Do smartphones have to be thin and big? Where is the humanist design?
What is your favorite niche product that you own?
I'm a graduated Mexican industrial designer. I have been offered one ID internship in China and another one in the USA. Which one should I take?
Which is the most aesthetically pleasing user interface you have seen?
Does an MS in industrial design have scope (job offers)? Which universities offer industrial design? Can a student of industrial design in B.Tech take mechanical or CSE in MS?
Why should phones be thin instead of fat, what makes the difference?
Where can I buy or order custom made lanyards?
How can I get more votes in a product design contest ?
If you had a big piece of triangular paper, what would you design?
What is so unique about the honeycomb structure?
What are the top 3 best looking smartphones?
How can we practice becoming a design-enthusiast/design-conscious in our everyday life?
What are popular examples of vaporware?
Are there any good resources for learning about product packaging?
How do you overcome users' resistance to change when redesigning a new product?
What is the best car ever created from design and performance?
What is the hot-key for repeat command option in CATIA V-5?
What dictates the design of a (Canadian, British, etc) military riibbon/medal?
How many companies in India manufacture unique products?
In which foreign countries can Indians easily get a job as a designer without much of a visa/permit hassle?
What are the steps for a junior designer to become a well-respected designer in the industry?
What is a difference(s) between product quality and product features?
What are some products in India or imported to India which are niche, has a 80% gross margin and priced at Rs 500 to 25000?
How do I think like a product designer?
How much detailing is needed for a designer to design a car or bike?
What is the most amazing chair design you have come across?
Which generic products are literally repackaged name brand products, made by the same company?
What is the design rationale behind the bonnet of the car not being visible from the inside?
Where are the design studios of electronics manufacturers like Asus, Lenovo, HP, Acer etc. located?
Where should I look to partner with an industrial designer? Craiglist, Meetup?
What is difference between sweep pattern and segmental pattern?
Is society becoming too dependent on the ever increasing use of personal technological products?
Do you know of a really good product education presentation with a first class guiding structure and great visualization of technical facts and figures as well as product benefits?
Who are some of the most famous industrial designers you know?
Who designs the body for laptops, tablets, phones, cameras, gaming consoles or any such gadget?
How do you compare WeChat to Line?
My partner (main founder) put the product on hold after the product prototype was ready, and he's not even replying now. What should I do?
What artists or products are good to mimic to improve intuition for where section lines should go?
Why aren't the touchpads in laptops with full numeric keyboards centered?
What institutions deliver quality product designers in India, and do those passing out prefer joining digital startups?
Why are rockets designed to terminate themselves when they fail?
How much time does Jonathan Ive spend in China each year?
I'm a visual/product designer with 5+ years of experience. I'm torn between New York and SF. Which city is better for my career?
What is the ideal lunch box design for kids?
Is it feasible to have every car buyer design and 3D print their car body so their car would look unique and better reflect their personality?
Is industrial design more of an engineering type field? Or is it more art based? What kinds of subjects do you take?
Where can I find an affordable industrial designer?
Is the iPhone 6 Plus's bendiness a major design flaw?
How is copying or reproduction defined under copyright laws, when designs can be used for creating a physical or software product?
Where can I find a company that will design and make unique matchbox "business cards" for me without having to buy 5,000?
We have two product ideas, one-sock clips that you can use to help avoid losing your socks and two- magnetic cable organizer that helps reduce tangled wires. Which product do you think has more potential to sell?
What does it take to get into Stanford's d.school?
What current products would not have been needed and what new products would have been possible if people didn't sweat?
I am designing an electrical product, but it's easy to replicate. How do I ensure that I benefit from the product launch?
What should I do to enhance my knowledge in machine design and chassis design?
Is GPA more important than a portfolio in industrial design?
What are the best innovations in leather good designs?
What is the best industrial design house?
How can I get my design to look like an Apple product?
Why are pens round?
Can industrial designers work with game designers and how?
How do I make an inexpensive product to sell that people DO NOT perceive as "cheap" and worthless?
What is the canva.com of packaging design?
What are some example OKRs for a product design team, specifically visual designers?
If I want to create a board game, is there an established route to do it?
What are the basics should I know to become a design engineer or product design engineer?
What are examples of markets where the most popular product is arguably not the best product?
Which latest design tool is used by automobile industries?
Are you dissatisfied with any product or application?
Why are phone designers putting 3.5mm audio jack at the top of the phone since it would be much more convenient if it's located at the bottom of the phone?
How much royalty should a bag designer get for per piece sold in a collaboration?
What could be other possible shapes for an umbrella?
What is difference between product design and mechanical design courses?
How much would it cost if I want to hire a design company like IDEO or Frog Design to design a small electric appliance such as an electric toothbrush or a hair dryer?
How can I get a consultant with only an idea/early prototype?
Do Dell or Lenovo engineers design their products on Macs?
How do I study product design?
Since so many goods are made in Chinese factories, does it make sense for overseas companies to work with Chinese product development firms to design and create new products for export to the rest of the world?
Is the Art Center College of Design's Product Design program worth going into debt for?
Who are the most known and active industrial designers or industrial design sites on Twitter?
What companies are using design to solve humanity's biggest problems?
What are the differences in the landscape cord combo between China and the USA?
Lenovo's Sisley S90 smartphone looks exactly like the iPhone 6. How should Apple react to it?
How big is the difference between a good designer and a great designer?
Which books could help me get the technical part of the product management role?
What's the design principle behind the 8 pack Oral-B CrissCross toothbrush?
What are some reasons for choosing glass instead of plastic when designing a product?
Keeping almost similar appearances, can I make a gun backfire by reversing its triggering mechanism, or some other way?
What are some of the stories where small changes in design led to a major improvement in the result of a product?
Wouldn't rovers in the shape of arthropods (spiders, crabs) be a better alternative over traditional designs?
What are the most energy-efficient building design companies in the world?
How does the roof of the car provide strength to the chassis of the car?
What is the reason behind the traditional coffee cup design?
How do Industrial designers practice manual hand rendering and sketching?
What are pretty-printers?
Would it be legal if I designed a product that is similar in function to a product that has already been made?
What is the cost of a great branding,  and how much does the cost vary by country?
How do I make a paper stand vertically even though it's not short? How can I make a 10cm height of paper stand without any hard or stiff items that the paper can depend on? If I starch the paper, will it be fixed?
Is it possible to study design in university without no design knowledge or education?
I am a student and I am making my school project on product designing. I have selected fruit jam as my product but I need to give an appropriate reason to select it. What should my reason be?
I'm young and planning a career change into industrial design. I'd like to talk to a professional designer in NYC for some guidance. Are there any Quoran IDers who live in NY?
What is the best tech gadget that came out from crowdfunding in the last few years?
Steve jobs said, "The customer never knows what they want until we show them". Does this mean that there is no point in a market survey before you launch your product? Does it apply to all kinds of market segments?
Is industrial design a respectable field?
What should I do in order to mass produce a product I have designed?
3D Modeling: How can I get the precise dimensions of a MacBook Air including the angle and curves on the base?
What are the most impressive packaging design?
Is it a good idea to major in both product design and interior architecture if I'm currently majoring in product design and recently found an interest in working with space and volume?
What would an American flag with 100 stars look like?
Considering the product design industry, is consumer participation in design enforced by government legislation, as public participation is in the design of civic architecture?
What are some of your favorite things – objects or services – that aren't driven by design?
What are some of the great Indian companies with superior products beaten by MNCs with inferior products?
What are all the different ways to create a mechanized joint which can pivot at least 45 degrees?
What are some of the best taglines, punchlines or slogans of a company or product?
What is the scope of industrial design in Germany?
Whom should I contact to design earphones?
Why aren't USB or micro-USB plugs made with some feature so that it is easy to tell, even in the dark, which side is "up"?
Are Xlerator hand dryers dangerous to your hearing?
Why is it so that 5% excess is added only in the case of outside pressure and not in the case of inside vacuum for the design of pressure vessels?
Are there conceivable reasons why Apple uses non-standard technologies and connectors for their products, f.i. Lightning & Thunderbolt? Or is it just a way of pushing consumers to buy even more Apple-related products?
In making a racing kart, is a frame chassis more suitable than a frameless chassis?
Can a material change the world?
Why is there a syrup box on the Starbucks cup?
What additional features you would add if you were designing a smartphone?
How can I find a site-construction background co-founder for an UK industrial UAV / Drone start-up project?
How do furniture designers market test their designs?
What are some of the worst kickstarter products of all time?
What responsibility do people who use products have in the methods of product production?
What would you advise to a fresh mechanical graduate interested in pursuing industrial/product design?
Why don't we do something about the unused part of a pencil?
Does an MS in CS or software engineering have product designing as subject?
Why isn't it possible to create hulls that can eliminate the "thump" of the boat colliding with the water?
Is planned obsolescence more common in product design now than it has been historically? If so, when did the increase of the practice begin?
When using a ballpoint pen you sometimes reach a patch of the paper where it just refuses to write but the pen still works perfectly when you try it on another part of the paper. Why is this?
When people have great ideas, but don't have the means to develop a prototype, demonstrate it, how do they get the prototype done? And how can they still protect their idea (while getting the prototype done) before they file for patents?
Besides Rhino, which software is mainly used by product designers all over the world? ProE or SolidWorks? Which is better?
What is Baidu's approach to product development and product management?
Besides Apple, which is the most design-centered technology company and why?
Why are Tim Horton coffee cup lids poorly designed?
If you could redesign the dollar, what would it look like?
What are two products (physical goods) you want to interbreed with each other?
What life lessons have you learned as a designer?
Do any companies help startups that only have ideas and schematics for devices?
I'm a mechanical engineering graduate who has recently found a passion for industrial design (while in my final year). How seriously should I consider going abroad for a master's in design?
I want to get a product designed. Where can I find engineering firms who can design the product for me?
From a design or branding perspective, is Watch really the best name for Apple's new smart watch product?
What are the companies in Hyderabad that are good for product designers?
What are the best products that were designed using the 'form follows function' approach?
Who are some of the best designers who attended BITS Pilani?
How does Apple design its products?
How does anti-glare work?
What is the most brazen example of traitorware?
How many designers at Apple were involved with designing iOS 7?
What is up with gum being sold in connected packs of two now? Is this some kind of psychology trick, what is the reasoning, and does it work?
How do I enter in professional designing after engineering?
What are some of the most amazing Microsoft and Google products which people are not aware of?
If I have an idea for a better briefcase for example - what would the steps be before creating a prototype? Is it some sort of engineer or product designer to draw it?
What are some of the most bizarre, yet successful products ever sold and why were they so successful?
How does one become a product designer for software products in Silicon Valley?
Are there any solo mechanical design competitions (using CAD/CAM softwares) in India or online?
How should I build my profile to bag a masters in industrial/product/vehicle design from a good university in the US after a BE CSE from India?
Who are the leading product design studios/agencies in Mississauga or Milton?
When is it worth it to patent a product?
Is mechanical engineering a good path to entrepreneurship in renewable energy, automotive, product design, and Internet technology?
If you have recently founded a device startup (main product was an actual, physical thing), what are the top 3 things you wish you knew before you started?
What are some examples of good designs for old people that make their lives easy?
Why are these coffee spoons designed this way?
How does a designer define minimalism and perfectionism? Can both of these go hand in hand while designing a software or physical good?
Where should I go to do small scale metal hardware fabrication? I'm building a prototype for a small machine, and need help!
Who is a good person/company to talk to about getting my idea for a product produced?
What is the hardest part when you start designing?
Why do non-users hate Apple so much?
What are some good handmade gifts for friends?
What percentage of people between 13-20 years old do you think have email addresses and are typical mobile users?
What are constraints for good exterior design of a car?
How do I integrate mechanical and industrial design, provided I have learnt and have interest in both of them?
What are some of the best Vimeo videos on product design and visual design?
What are the best universities worldwide for getting a master's in mechanical engineering with a specialisation in product design and development?
Which car company has the best design team? Why do car companies having the best designers always choose to manufacture the ugliest cars, except few companies in the automobile industry that make the difference?
What's the reason behind baby food jars threading the lids differently than every other "standard" jar, making it so difficult to close or re-use?
If you need to create a new design for a t-shirt, gadget, etc., what's the best element you could use for branding?
How good is a career in Product Design and Engineering in India?
What skills does a Masters in Industrial Design provide that would help me in my design career ahead?
What are some good product design (physical goods) firms/startup in India for a fresher?
In the field of Product Design, what jobs are available in the case of a woman who has to manage her house and kids?
Who are the current leading and cool product designers in the UK and Europe?
If SDETs and QA engineers are looked down on by SDEs, then are hardware reliability engineers (HREs) looked down on by product design engineers (PDEs) or hardware development engineers (HDEs)?
How do I research the costs and talent needed in order to create a certain physical tech product? Bring examples from the past if you can.
What are the best resources for learning the principles of modern web design (from a non technical perspective)?
Who are the engineers and designers of Xiaomi Mi3?
Why can finding design patterns be difficult?
What software do industrial designers use? Is there a generic software for plastics and architecture and clothing or do each have their own industry standard?
Is there a program that can be used to test sound for 3D computer-designed instruments before they are prototyped?
How valuable is a designer (product/ industrial/ transportation interior/ etc.) going to be on the job market in 10/ 20 years?
What is the optimal design when building a bandpass filter?
What product has the most annoying packaging and after you get through it, has more packaging than product? I am thinking Band-Aids.
Why is the Apple earphone case design so bad?
What are some examples of products that were made significantly better before industrialization?
What are some successful, creative companies that work hard but don't take themselves too seriously?
Is the iterative refinement of a product's physical design limited to virtual CAD models until internal components such as circuit boards, sensors, batteries, etc. for the product are finalized?
In India, is working as a product designer in the field of medicine (prosthesis, medical electronics goods) a good job option?
How do I make a design firm that launches technological products via Kickstarter?
What are some examples of products, physical and digital, that look great but function poorly?
What are the most exciting product companies in the East Coast right now?
What is your review of The Design of Everyday Things: Revised and Expanded Edition (2013 book)?
What influence did Ludwig Mies van der Rohe's IBM Plaza have on the industrial design of IBM computers?
Do corporations intentionally make things finite?
What are the good examples of products, designed considering aspects like biodegradability, in order to solve problem of their disposal after their use?
What is the difference between EVT, DVT, and PVT in engineering validation tests?
I want to start a sport shoe brand, what is the best way to proceed? How do I make my designs? Do I have to make 3D or 2D designs?
How can physical products be prototyped cheaply?
Why do we get China products at a low cost compared to Indian products?
What are some good examples of consumer products failing due to too many features? (And if possible, examples of failed products being reinvented with less features and succeeding)
What are 10 products that will be very popular within 10 years but are not popular today?
Where can you get a custom computer (you provide cad files, specifications, they fabricate casing, assembly, testing, materials sourcing etc.)?
How would you describe the perfect refrigerator?
Who invented the Ultra-Ever Dry product to keep objects dry?
What does it take to be a good Product Designer?
Why does every category of consumer goods follow a pre-set standard design pattern which is established as a norm for that particular category?
Why can no PC or smartphone manufacturer design a computer/tablet or smartphone as well as Apple?
How would you describe the product designer of the future?
Why is the P&G co-creation channel website no longer available?
Which are some products that are not going through any more innovation and are susceptible to being replaced by innovative competitors?
Why are umbrellas generally black in colour?
What is the ideal size for product packaging for a product someone is trying to sell offline in sporting good stores, department stores like Walmart, online direct and through Amazon?
Where can I find a complete chart for icons with their meanings used on retail packaging and or devices?
What tech companies have the strongest design teams?
Suppose I have the raw material, designs and a market where I can sell my designs. Where can I find craftsmen (and machinery) that I can hire to get my jewelry line into production?
What are some examples of consumer electrical products that have a design that's inspired by nature?
All display devices designed so far have square/rectangle display, but devices with circular displays (Moto 360) have hit the market. What is the principle behind designing these devices?
Is the iPhone 6 Plus big enough for a product designer to make product sketches on?
Are industrial designers "pretengineers"?
What is the difference between digital ASIC design and physical design engineer?
Why do people buy inferior products?
They've just spent millions marketing them around the World Cup, but just how much does it cost Nike and Adidas to make their football boots?
What are the best product design (UI/UX/Visual) portfolios?
Sharing my latest design entry here. My question is will you vote for my design entry?
From UI to physical product design, how can a interaction designer get into industrial/product design?
Are there any other companies that follow the same product designer definition as Quora where a product designer is involved in the initial planning of a product?
Where do I get a new product individually packaged?
Except Society6, are there online stores providing the printing of goods like t-shirts, posters, and other goods, for the designer to sell its own products without printing them himself/herself?
What's the story behind the design of the Capri Sun?
Do mechanical engineers look down on industrial designers?
What are the products that could be made using an industrial CNC router (wood working concepts) and laser cutter (soft materials)?
What are the pro and cons about planned obsolescence?
How much does it cost to design and fabricate an integrated circuit?
What's the spirit of the internet? Freedom, equality，customize?
Do you think Apple is becoming less interesting at hardware design? Why or why not?
Once I have a CAD drawing of a prototype, what factors should be considered when having it fabricated, CNCed, and how do I intelligently phrase asking a fabricator for a quote?
What famous industrial designers never attended a university?
What is the reason that postbox is red in color?
Are Steve Jobs and Jony Ive's designs derivative of Dieter Rams?
Is it fair to say that industrial design rides the coattails of engineering?
How does Apple make such amazingly designed products?
How are Chinese components and systems perceived within the linear and rotary motion automation industry? Are they perceived as quality products, low cost products, or both?
Why are Xlerator hand dryers so much louder than other hand dryers?
Who is on the Apple design team under Jonathan Ive?
What would be the most loved thing man has designed and made?
What are the top UI/UX/visual design academies/schools/courses in the U.S.?
I am a B.Tech graduate from the electronics and communication department with no background of designing, but I have an interest to study the product design field in a master's level (USA). Can I take the course directly as a beginner or is it compulsory to have a designing background?
What geometric shape is the perfect milkshake container?
What company has the best design PC laptops?
Why do all of the television sets—LEDs and LCDs—have the logo centered at the bottom of the frame only?
What are the majors you can take for a career in industrial design?
What are the most creatively designed, ordinary household items?
How do you design a mobile phone for deaf people?
What are the differences between transportation, industrial, and product design courses offered by universities?
What does a product manager/product designer do?
What are good books to refer to for design and architecture, primarily from a product manager's standpoint?
Why do electronic gadgets come in black packets?
What is the connection between capitalism and planned obsolescence?
What is an example of a product roadmap?
Can you recommend any books on how software product designers think about design?
Industrial Dryer - to reduce the moisture content in a certain product from 80 % to 20 % with the flow rate at output side to be 1.5 tonnes per day which would be a better dryer, a belt dryer or a rotary one?
When finalizing on a mechanical design, what age group of engineers prefers to deal face-to-face rather than on-line for technical product support?
Do pg courses in product design and other design courses at NID Ahmedabad or MIT require students to have drawing skills?
Which company created the best ad to market its product?
Which is the best product ever?
What are the job opportunities after doing Masters in Design from IITs or NID?
Who are some iconic product designers?
What are the top rated physical product/mechanical design companies?
With a Master's in Industrial Design, what different domains can one work in after graduation?
A split window AC has a pipe to let out the condensed moisture from air. Isn't the scenario of the water just dripping out of its edge telling you that it's a bad design?
What are some products (not necessarily just software) that you use that often disappoint you (or have disappointed you)?
How do you avoid tripping over laptop power cables?
What do people think about the box art for the iPhone 6?
Who designed the Apple Watch S1 component?
Are smartphone cases like Otterbox or Griffin engineered, or are they simply designed to look good? Does any actual engineering go into the structure of the case in order to minimize damaging the phone when dropped or thrown against a wall?
What are the mechanisms used for elevation and traversing of modern artillery?
How much would it cost (ballpark figure) to hire an industrial design firm to redesign an existing product?
Why has a soft drink company not made square cans for airplanes and other uses?
Who works in the field of industrial design of embedded systems?
When will the strategic partnership between Luxottica and Google start to reflect on the design of Google Glass?
What product or service didn't change for the last 20 years?
How will the larger iPhone screens change the ways game developers design their games?
How do I design a single bed with a removable backrest?
I'm currently working on a project that involves the design of a space frame racing car chassis. Where should I start? What should I read?
What are some other companies that put creative thought and care about boxing the product and make the unboxing a pleasure like apple products?
What are some examples of ergonomically bad/poor designs in electronics?
I have an idea for a watch, how can I get a prototype made and a Kickstarter campaign started?
What software did Jonathan Ive use for designing Apple products?
How can I learn about shoe design and running a design shoe business?
What is the perfect angle for a slide?
What is the product design internship like at Khan Academy?
What are some good websites to find decoration inspiration? Something similar to decofinder.com?
What are the best designed products of 2014?
If you were the product manager hired to build a new Death Star after the previous Death Star was destroyed by rebels, what would you do differently?
What book should I refer to for industrial product design in India?
Can ethylene vinyl acetate (EVA) be used in 3D printing to produce a shoe sole? If not, is there an alternative or is a 3D printed sole just not viable?
Where can I get custom pins designed?
What are some common problems associated with kitchen appliances or the home kitchen environment?
How do I tell a compelling story about something relatively boring, such as a budget or a new product design?
Do you think startups about physical goods with IT backgrounds is a future trend?
What are some companies in India that can get customized electronics designed and manufactured?
How can I identify environmentally-friendly products on product packaging?
How good is Microsoft's PM training? How does it compare to Google's APM?
Which software should a product designer buy from Astute Graphics?
What are some cool artefacts made using bioplastics?
What startup theories did the Quora founders use when developing their business model and product?
What is a good way to cool a room on the second floor of a two story house in the summer?
What are some real good recyclable product designs?
I am looking to find someone who can help me create a retail packaging for something along the lines of a screen protecter. Same cardboard feel and a little smaller with cut out windows. Who can assist me. Looking for freelance designer /consultant?
What products have been a result more of user demand than of product development departments?
Are expensive software licenses a problem for the softwares you use professionally or as a hobby?
How do brands decide the size of the tablets they want to launch?
Why many smart amazing products don't get the scale of success it deservs?
Since many smallish Chinese companies have a lack of marking, communication, and originality, is it possible to introduce some good ideas/designs (physical product) from foreign designers, and outsource the marking work to some professional companies?
Does Japan have better design engineering colleges than other European countries?
Will Asian countries soon produce their own tech products at low cost and begin competing with big US companies?
What is the best product design company in India?
What could replace the volume rocker?
Can a weakness in maths come in the way of flourishing in a product design job?
Which software is better, ANSYS or Hyperworks?
What does "user-centered design" mean?
What are the principles behind good remote controller design?
Du you know good publications/normes about the strengh a user can put in manipulating a product?
Is there any way to measure the expected useful life of a product?
What is the best product design you have come across that makes use of gravity?
What are some Apple products that never made it past the concept phase?
Do SDE or SDET Kindle interns in Seattle work with PDE Kindle interns in Sunnyvale?
Why is KeyShot so lightweight and easy to use despite so many handling options?
What makes a product with the same concept as other products unique?
What skills and tools do I need to prototype and manufacture industrial design objects?
What are the steps of web designing as a user experience designer?
Who built the ROI tool?
If superhydrophobic coating technology has advanced to the point where you can spray it on out of a can, why aren't we seeing it on everything?
Who is the designer of the Ripstik Caster Board? What's the story behind it?
How can phones be designed so the screen won't break?
What is the most dishonestly designed product you know of?
What is the creative process like for a packaging designer?
How does R&D work at companies like Procter & Gamble, and how does it compare to the modern digital "test and iterate" product design approach?
What is it like to be a product engineer at Vizury, Banglore?
What abbreviation does Microsoft use for hardware engineers?
I have an idea of a hardware product, that has received very good feedback until now. Should I file for a provisional patent or start an Indiegogo campaign and have some traction?
What can be the possible fields and areas I can explore as an industrial designer?
Which is a better choice between IDC, IIT Bombay and National Institute of Design for the interaction design course?
How do you find design talent in India?
What are the best ways to build a portfolio in product design (physical) in my free time?
What platform does Autodesk Inventor use for stress analysis?
Some Chinese manufactures (Baidu) are making products very similar to Dropcam. Will it be illegal to sell in the US?
What designers or makers have the best stories?
What company did the hardware product design for Tile?
If all cars worldwide were manufactured to the exact same specifications and were environmentally safe with popular features, would everyone be able to afford a car?
What are some books/resources on how to execute on a consumer product contract manufacturing strategy?
Why do drinking glasses and bottles have a circular surface area instead of any other surface?
What is Uber's approach to product development and product management?
Is good design relative to culture?
How can one find an industrial design job in the Valley?
How do books and non-digital products on-board new users?
What are examples of technology and usage problems caused because some languages, units or systems were not considered? What are the consequences?
What is the software used to design gadgets (those with green horizontal and vertical lines)?
Which packing peanut products are theoretically edible?
Cost plays a major role in productivity and quality. Does quality need to be degraded just because of the money factor?
What are examples of 3-year industrial/product design schools in Europe outside the UK that are extremely affordable and admitting non EU citizens (Africans)?
How can intellectual ideas, products, and services be protected?
What is the difference between Yakult and Vitagen?
Why do some freezer models have locks?
What is it like to enjoy designing new products?
What are some upcoming tools for creating interactive prototypes?
What is needed in a production package when developing a new product?
What are the challenges in the characterization and specification of software in the industrial world?
Batman (creative franchise): When designing a new Batmobile what are some characteristics that every Batmobile should have?
What are some cool products for sale in Shopify?
What would a computer designed by Leonardo da Vinci be like?
What is the first step for launching a great product in a great way?
Are cheap, mass-produced products a poverty trap?
What methodologies should a product manager know?
Should product/industrial designers move company often to better their career?
What is the most beautiful design that you know?
What are some interesting products made out of recycled plastics?
I have a great idea for fabric and wearable technology. Where can I find someone to help make a prototype so I can test it?
What is the difference of between Master Courses Product / Industrial Design Courses by Art Schools and Engineering Schools?
I am a Computer Science Engineer and right now I am searching for good M.Des programs for my master's. What is a good college in India? Also what would be the difference between Industrial Design and Product Design, and which one should I opt for?
Why does my microwave add an extra five seconds at the end of a cooking cycle?
Which Apple products did Steve Jobs have a personal hand in designing?
What are some low cost research topics that can be taken up as a final year project in mechanical engineering?
What should be a good quality vs. quantity (price) ratio when manufacturing a product?
Is this product cool?
Do designers and PMs really use the words "dogfood" or "dogfooding"?
How ethical is planned obsolescence in the US?
Are there any mathematical concepts in the study of product design? If yes, what are they?
What are some independent designers or industrial designers that use social media commerce to help their business?
How do I get an electronics product manufactured in India?
What is the best product made by the company Haldiram's?
If you had the opportunity to change or redesign an existing product or service, what would that be and how would you change it?
After twenty years of writing about design and environmental issues, I have two ideas for products that absolutely must exist. What are my next steps to go from idea to execution?
How could we change doors and doorhandles to make our lives easier?
What are some eco-friendly and innovative designs of fruit containers you've come across?
What are the different methods of laminating injection moulded plastic components? Which might one say is the best?
What is the average salary range of a product designer in San Francisco, CA in 2014?
Who are some designers who dreamed big and promised a revolutionary form of transportation but never delivered any finished product?
What is the best honeycomb box exist in the market?
What company is ready to produce a graphene product?
How can I show the value of delight versus MVP?
How should I begin if I have a great idea for a technical prototype?
What are some of the foreign university courses parallel to 'Master of Design' offered by IIT Bombay?
What is it like to work at IKEA as a Product/Furniture Designer?
What kind of terrain do phones land on the most when dropped?
What is the difference in the product management role in platform products vs. end user products?
What is a good iron staircase design for exterior use?
I am a mechanical engineer, who wants to purse masters in industrial/transportation design field . Design course been primarily offered by art schools, will my engineering skills be of any relevance?
Are there any interesting anecdotes behind how the terms 'alpha testing' and 'beta testing' came out?
How much do Apple products cost Apple to produce?
What are some of the luxury brands whose products are below their brand values?
What knowledge or skill set that you have is the most helpful to you at work?
What are the average costs of developing a new toothbrush design and producing it for the mass market in the US?
What are the best color codes for professional design?
What are some good ideas on how to style Chuck Taylors?
What are some good examples for planned obsolescence?
What is this velcro-like product?
Is it worth to go for an MS in Mechanical Engineering at the Rochester Institute of Technology with 40% scholarship if getting a well paying job is your ultimate concern?
Is the Indian Institute of Technology Master of Design program good for textile design graduates?
What are some good methods/softwares that can be used to model future growth of a product?
What are the best examples of product power users?
What are the real advantages of leather?
What is the best book for automobile body design?
What makes a style become aged or dated?
What is the world's most silent wind power design structure?
Is there any way to buy physical smartphone mockups/models used in case or accessory design?
Why are conference name tags not made double-sided?
Is there a pill dispenser that can be used in public without other people noticing it?
What is the best product design firm in Europe?
What materials are used in the manufacture of collapsible vehicle sun screens?
I am a mechanical engineering student and have designed 3 new innovative products, but I have not prototyped them. Should I publish these designs in some journal independently or should I patent them?
What is an example of a product that has drawbacks, but almost uses its drawbacks to its advantage?
Which are the best industrial design or product design competitions with no cost for participation?
What are the parameters to follow when designing press-fit molded "Mattel Pins"?
What are the steps to writing a product design spec?
How does one design a very technical product for alternative energy with no experience in technical fields (mechanical, electrical, and energy)?
What are the differences between functional design and product design?
How helpful can patents be to get into a good product design job?
How do I decide if I should major in graphic design or industrial design?
Is timelessness in design achievable, given that everything is a product of its time and context?
In what categories/areas would you divide Internet of Things (IoT) based products or services?
What brands have products that reflect a strong masculine image, and are now trying to market them to women?
How should I run a design team?
What's an economical product physical prototype design development process?
Would it ever be possible to engineer plants to grow into the shapes we desire?
Who are top industrial designers in India?
Why is an electronics product that is made in China significantly cheaper in the USA than in China itself?
How are mannequins designed and made?
What is it like to work for a design consultancy?
What are the career options after doing an M.Des from IIT?
What are the best practices in software packaging design?
What are some product ideas that were imposible to produce but that actually got investors to invest and were never produced ?
What are some good books or online resources about product design for manufacturing?
How do I take my first step to become an automobile engineer working on designs and implementation, rather than in manufacturing?
Why are men's cycles designed differently from women's?
How much do entry level product design/mechanical design/reliability engineers get paid at top tech companies?
Is India famous for manufacturing some product of excellence that is sought after by people the world over?
What are the steps for building a technical prototype?
What are some effective ways to manage a team that was missing a team leader for over half a year and who are working together for more than 3 years?
What are the most interesting, unconventional car designs?
What are some of the most innovative product designs or small design changes that have made the product a huge success?
What can be considered intellectual property in product design?
I was amazed by how innovative the designs of Dyson products are. What are the recent most innovative designs for electrical products?
Why do products designed for girls lack essential features?
What are the available online sites to buy highly useful innovative designed products in India?
What is the best and easiest photogrammetry software to begin with?
What are relevant indicators of sustainability of products and services?
What are some effective methods you know to improve a visual design process?
How do I select product designs for a fashion apparel store?
What is the best place to study graphic design in Boston, Massachusetts?
Why are lots of push buttons in our lives circular?
Who are the best industrial designers in San Francisco?
Was there a need to redesign Spotify?
If you could will into existence any specific product/service, what would it be? Why?
Why are so few design consultancies (nearly all types) named after their founder/partners these days?
What is the best piece of design you have seen?
What are the good product design/industrial design masters programs in the US?
Is using a celebrity/musician's face in a product design against copyright?
What is CLEANT?
What are some design companies with a branch both in Japan and in Italy?
What are some of the best designed Indian products?
I want to prototype a new diaper design. Where or who do I go to for help?
What are some ideas for an industrial design senior thesis/capstone project?
Should new startups always focus on solving obvious problems?
What are some research studies on the commercial distribution of bed nets in malaria prone countries?
What are the best products that were designed in San Francisco?
Why are there two focus knobs on a microscope?
What are the characteristics of a strong product vision?
In what ways is Simple's onboarding process innovative?
What are some of the best countries to study both graphic design and industrial design?
Is it possible to get into a design school if I suck at sketching?
What is a material (plastic) that is food-safe, impact resistant, available in a variety of colors, and vacuum forms well?
Are alloy wheels designed aerodynamically?
What are the best and innovative examples of marketing, product designs, technology, or working style of a company that emerged from rural part of India?
What courses for product design are available inside and outside of India?
What is the size of Braun RT 20 radio designed by Dieter Rams?
What are some current and rigorous reference book titles (or sites) that cover the current (and dynamic) state of manufacturing processes specific to the very small tolerances, finish qualities, and material types of consumer electronics like tablets and phones?
What are the dimensions of the Voss 1000ml water bottle (plastic)?
Google Glass: What is your process when designing experiences for Google Glass?
Why should you buy the Bossy desktop assistant and time management product?
I do not know CATIA or AutoCAD. But I need to model a product which I already have on paper as a sketch. How do I do it on my own without hiring anyone?
What is your opinion on this interaction design portfolio?
What are some industrial products that are structurally complex but which acquire hand assembly?
Why haven't athletic brands such as Nike, Adidas, and Under Armour developed products lines specifically for rehabilitation?
How is a Kinder Surprise packaged?
Are there any API's about people's intentions?
What are some of the best books to learn Autodesk Alias?
Would it be more valuable to find a co-founder with great UX experience or with great programming experience?
What makes your design studio unique?
How good is CMU's Master of product design (MPD)?
Good engineering with bad marketing versus bad engineering with good marketing. Which product stands a better chance?
As an inclusive way of categorising products, what do you understand 'Integrated Design' to be?
What are some great product ideas that have the potential to benefit the environment or change peoples lives drastically?
How are the tiles manufactured as exact copy of each other. How are they designed exactly similar to each other?
What are some products that are actually made and designed in Germany?
What are the products, both famous and infamous, that is only produced in your country?
What everyday products frustrate you?
If I am creating a product and I don't get a MFi certification, can I still bring the product to market without getting in trouble from Apple?
What is the most human interface you have ever experienced?
I am studying accessories design at F.I.T. and interested in interning. Should I intern for a big company or a small company?
Is it possible to design a smartphone touchscreen made out of hard plastic?
What everyday products would be great if they could do X?
Why are the water dispensers that are designed to serve hot and chilled water serve water that is extremely hot to drink?
How much emphasis do the founders of Quora place on the aesthetics of the site and the mobile apps?
Which mature product would you consider as having an unfinished product design? I refer here to products that have existed for years but still have an essential feature missing.
Which one is more user friendly: a convex (outwards) curved or a concave (inwards) curve smartphone display?
What are some examples of beautiful products that failed because they were unusable?
Josh Porter asserts that the difference between "good" and "great" is the last 10%, which may take 50% of your time. In Agile, where big stories without clear business value are de-scoped, how do you make sure great work gets built?
Is product management a sales, marketing or a job that involves product design?
How do I get an electronic product manufactured in China?
What are some places product designers find materials and scraps in order to put together their prototypes?
What are the best resources to learn how to design for manufacturing?
What products do Japanese people buy in the USA, or are made in the USA, that is not easily accessible to buy in Japan?
Why do Yakult and Vitagen have such similar bottle design and packaging?
Why does Germany use QWERTZ keyboard?
Why can bamboo carbon fiber bristle be biodegraded?
What will be the next big thing in smartphones after touchscreen technology?
How can I find a carton cylinder box machine?
What would a 21st century toaster look like and do?
Who led and worked on Munchery's October 2013 redesign?
Has opening a can of soda gotten louder?
What are some useful Facebook pages or designers to follow so that I can improve my product design skills?
What elements of the design mindset retain value the longest, in the face of the spread of design thinking as well as increasing automation, visual stylization, categorizing information, understanding people, etc.?
What products have charming flaws?
What is the technique used by Samsung for product standardization or adaptation?
Where can I buy Lou's Views glasses?
What is the best set of design methods for a two day design workshop?
What's the difference between catia and solidworks, their specifications and advantantages, disadvantages etc.?
What are some guidelines for selecting a product name in the early stages of development?
Do the big camera companies like Nikon/Canon employ serious photography hobbyists in their product design teams? Why or why not?
How can we send physical products in the same way as emails?
What is the most exciting product or technology currently going through exponential growth?
Cremation: If you could make your ashes into an object, would you be willing to do it? If yes, what would you be?
When designing products for the masses, how does one know which styles will be the most popular?
How would you design a mobile phone for the hearing-impaired & for the visually-impaired?
What is the worst packaging you've seen?
Who should win a product idea fight: a designer, an innovator or an implementer?
Why do washing machines have windows?
What is the angle of a zipper slider?
Are there any electric hybrids, sport cars, etc with a V-tapered body and or a small waist?
Where can I find list of products designed by Dieter Rams?
Why are newspapers so big?
How do I promote a product in development to get funding at design-engineering networks without being copied?
I am working as a digital artist and this is my first assignment for a mobile app design. I need a few sites for references for design blogs and websites which talk about an introduction to GUI design. Where can I go?
How do you start, finance and grow a consumer product design company like HAY, menu.as, AREAWARE, Atypyk, and Normann Copenhagen?
How do I begin designing my own digital wristwatch?
What will Bill Gates' next-generation graphene condom look like under the hood?
Why is Silicon Valley design standard so feminized?
Is developing frugal innovation products more important than user-friendly products?
Why don't hardware/product-based start ups get as much attention as software/mobile/web-based ones?
What does industrial design mean to you?
What is the difference between moldflow plastic insight software and Moldex3D software?
How do I choose between a career product design and product marketing?
If you had only 10 prospects for your product, would you start pitching it immediately or spend weeks refining the pitch to make sure as many as possible of the 10 bought?
What is the best type of earbuds which stay in your ear?                               http://www.bose.ca/controller?url=/shop_online/headphones/in_ear_headphones/index.jsp
What is the reality of this Apple Charger concept?
What are the lessons that can be drawn from the backlash since Windows 8 was launched?
What are the best examples of physical products or consumer electronics packaging design? Why?
How do I find a good formulator for my food product startup?
What skills checklist according to priority should a UI, UX, or IxD designer follow to become a designer who surprises a user by his/her designs?
What is the best way of finding partners or co-founders for an educational platform?
What's the best design software to use for transportation design?
How do companies like Nabisco decide how big to make their cookies?
What does it mean for a product or UI to be "over designed", and what are examples?
How are the job opportunities for a mechanical product designer?
What does it cost to get a new product designed by a brand-name designer like Ross Lovegrove, Marc Newson, Yves Behar or Zaha Hadid?
What is the future of product design for hardware startups?
What is the optimal process to create a good corporate identity/corporate design?
What are some of the most interesting/ornate cologne bottle designs?
What are the best low tech or low cost products/solutions that can help alleviate poverty in developing countries?
How did users network on LinkedIn when the site first started up?
What are the best books to improve designing sense of product design and vehicle transportation design?
What are the inputs and outputs and the steps to remove grease from metal surfaces?
What do you call products that don't differentiate themselves?
What is the best web design you have ever done that inspires your art of web designing?
What are the usual and rare objects and actions  used/done in meetings?
I have a great product idea, but I am a 19 year old Indian doing medicine with no resources. How do I proceed?
What is Evan Spiegel's product design philosophy?
If environmental issues are a top concern today in business conduct, why isn't making a product durable a priority?
What modern products will still be mainstream in twenty years?
What makes a good product manual?
Can’t electronic products be designed in a deeper decentralized manner, where even the smallest component of the product could be repaired/replaced easily without replacing the whole product?  Reference: Story of Electronics - Story Of Stuff
Which public US companies have the best user experience and/or customer experience?
How should I go about finding a product designer in hardware?
What is the optimal order for presenting multiple concepts?
Why do you work in tech, and not in other industries?
What's the best set of brainstorming tools for story-boarding, concept design, idea flows, etc?
Who makes bombs for the U.S. military?
What are some alternative, more intuitive ways to visualize the time of the day, other than the standard analog and digital clocks?
Consumer Products and Services: What companies make (almost) everything?
Will the next Apple TV (set-top-box) have a built-in camera in it?
What are some beautifully designed Shields of David?
I made a prototype of a completely mechanical wheelchair with many new features using locally available tools. It works fine but doesn't look like a market purchased product. What steps do I have to take to get it manufactured from a manufacturing firm?
Where can I get the best electronic product design services?
What can be conceptually new about a conference table?
As mobile phone designs are becoming the same, what are some possible looks of future mobiles?
What modern day product do you think needs a serious redesign?
Why does Tim Tam 200g NET have 11 servings instead of some even number?
What are good resources to learn more about how the sounds of common workplace objects (staplers, keyboards, door locks) are designed?
What are some innovative designs for a pen-stand?
What are the world's best small (2- 10 people) to medium-sized (11- 50 people) product design shops that specialize in user experience design? What are their cultures like?
What books I should read to start designing the chassis of a car?
If airlines put conveyor belts in overhead baggage areas, could it speed up boarding and getting off of the plane?
Where do I find an active lead programmer to work on a b2b ecommerce platform?
What are some good courses to take to become a product specialist?
What tech companies build great products for women?
Is Product Design at CMU a good place to learn UX?
Can I pursue a Master's in vehicle, transportation, or automobile design if I graduated in automobile engineering?
What are some good examples of funny/creative product packaging?
How can a former UX designer adapt to a manager/team leader role?
The majority of consumer products are labelled "Non standard size under the Standards of. Weights and Measures (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 1977." Why aren't companies following the standards?
What does 47mm, 50 and 50mm eyeglasses mean on Amazon?
What do you wish airplane companies would provide during your flight when you're bored?
What are the options for a B.Tech CSE passout who wants to pursue fine arts or design?
Why aren't Post-it notes white?
Is it a good idea to do a consignment with a distributor on a start-up product?
What are the structural/engineering considerations for a running shoe design?
Is it necessary to major in product design?
What are things to take into consideration when creating a prototype?
What are examples of inferior products beating superior products as a result of good marketing?
What is data collection in the context of product development?
With so many people claiming it as their own, who actually designed the ID for the Motorola RAZR V3i?
Have you ever designed something with your own hands? What did you design?
What materials are in a sunbed?
What does witworks.in do?
Is there anything left to innovate in items like soaps, toothpaste and toothbrushes? Why do companies still come up with new products in these categories?
What's the most innovative toilet manufacturer in terms of "splash reduction" design/technology to minimize "splash back"?
What CAD program is most commonly used by product and industrial designers?
How can I advance into a field of engineering design, after graduating as a Mechanical Engineer?
How difficult is the process of creating and selling an exact molded replica of my penis as a toy in sex shops?
I'm an Industrial Design student and I'm trying to make an iPhone 5s case for my studio class. What are the dimensions of the 5s?
Why is it that suddenly the global design firms have switched from realistic design to completely flat simplistic designs?
What are examples of industrial designers of industrial products that became great entrepreneurs?
Luxottica Group: What software do most professional eyewear designers use?
What kind of consumer product is already tagged and delivered with RFID?
How do I produce affordable product labels?
What are some remarkable objects designed by Achille Castiglioni?
Which are the major research areas in the field of product development?
What are the stages of figuring out how to design a product?
What company, startup, or person has made the most useful product and made the least amount of money for it?
What are some practical problems with Tyvek Wallets?
How do I make an intricate design cutout in ballistic nylon?
Is nature a good inspiration for a product designer?
What distinguishes you from other designers in your field?
How do I become a 3D printing prototype designer?
What interesting existing or hypothetical inventions would be a double edged sword for humans?
What are some awesome designs you felt could still be improved?
What is the best way to sell a physical product accessory company?
How can an industrial designer adapt to an increasing demand in the market for interaction designers?
How are sneakers made?
What products/services do gay people wish existed?
What are interesting product ideas specifically for gay consumers?
What are some common tasks that are relatively difficult to do alone?
How can one become a good product designer without getting a related degree?
What kind of work/role can a data scientist expect in design consultancy firms like IDEO or Frog Design?
Why is 6sigma limit better than 3sigma limit?
How should a cook hood be placed and designed to minimize touching it with your head?
What are some good prototype-focused industrial design studios in Israel?
What product that you use every day can you not imagine living without?
How do we apply MVP or MLP to physical products?
What startups disrupted a market so much that they made a relatively expensive service or product more attainable to a new demographic?
What 10 products in the home are most ripe for reinvention by Nest/Google? What do they do differently?
What's the best area in NYC to stay when on a weeklong visit to connect with art and design startup people?
What are some techniques remembering important information?
Where do I start to bring a product to market?
How would one go about designing and manufacturing a glass sculpture?
What are the best companies —in terms of product design— besides Apple?
What is the worst marketed, yet most successful product?
I designed some dope sunglasses on a piece of paper. How can I find someone to manufacture them for me, and how much will it cost for my very first prototype?
What is it like to work with Marc Newson?
What are the metrics to consider when pushing a game with marketing campaigns?
What if industrial designer given opportunity to design (real) rocket?
What are some great designs/layouts for photobooks (any topic)?
I wish to pursue my education in automobile design or a mixture of automobile and mechanical engineering. What are the really good universities in America and Germany that I can apply to?
3D Printing: What is the out-of-box positioning accuracy of a MakerBot Replicator 2?
Have companies always tested commercially designed products with small target consumer groups in order to gain feedback before launching?
Are user experience designers and product designers the same role, just called differently? What are the differences, if any?
How do I pursue a career change from a video game designer to a product designer?
What is the context of the Edwin Land quote, "Politeness is the poison of collaboration"?
What can I do to be an outstanding industrial design director?
Which product/services are not worth the money spent and why?
How can I check my model is 3d printable?
Who are the most influential industrial product designers?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to press forming/stamping metal?
What percentage of ideas submitted to the Quirky website get developed into products?
Why does Apple advertise their white products now more than their black ones?
Why is it important to hire professional designers?
What is the best designed wall porcelain urinal for the mens restroom?
What are the arguments against STEP files as the standard format for 3D PMI and PLM data?
What's the next step after a successfully funded Arduino prototype? How does one proceed to arrange its manufacturing?
What are the most innovative Engineering & Design curriculums in high school?
What are some ingenious design improvements by removing a common feature?
What would be a viable and sustainable strategy for white box products?
What tech/non-tech skills should a product manager in a internet startup/company have?
How do I measure nutritional values of a product?
What's the main function of iodine on LCD screens?
Can you suggest some design firms like IDEO here in bay area? I have heard IDEO doesn't work with individual entrepreneurs.
When designing a 3D printed prototype (plastic) object intended for mass production via conventional mold production techniques, what important things should the designer be aware of?
What would be the best picture to describe "moments"?
Can we manufacture/sell products similar to the popular video games - Minecraft/Survivorcraft (just the pixel designs), w/o infringement of their trademarks?
I want to make a high quality backpack. What should I do to produce it?
What are some physical products in need of a redesign?
Which are the good schools teaching web and mobile UX design in India/abroad?
What are some great product ideas for Apple?
What are the impacts on the environment of metal spinning?
What are your reasons for becoming a product designer?
I would like to start an online business/boutique, I don't want to design, or produce any materials, but I want to create a platform/venue for other's who do possess those talents to showcase them in my "store". I have no idea where to start?
How has new technology changed your life in a remarkable way?
Which companies sell just one product?
Is the Samsung Galaxy Gear really worth it's price?
I want to design and manufacture a new shoe. Are there any places that I can do it?
Why did Apple pick a black rather than white for the front of the iPhone 5c?
What is an exhaustive list of 3D modeling programs available online for free? (Which is your favorite?)
If one had an idea for a watch design (relatively simple/typical), how would you manufacture thousands of them?
Given how competitive the market is, why don't design professors do their less-than-stellar students a favor and tell them to switch majors?
What is the worst designed product you ever encountered?
What is it like to study product design at Stanford?
How did Apple approach the design of its latest products?
How does the energy use between a Hexapod and a four Wheeled robot compare?
What are some great companies and/or sources of professionals to have a complete theming, web design and graphics design for a new, niche social network?
What are the top design for manufacture firms in NYC?
How can carry the electrosorption process in industrial waste water treatment?
Why don't I win? I participate in design contests online, my designs get high rating but I don't win. Where am I going wrong?
What simple steps or products can we develop to make cities more efficient, sustainable and clean? It could be anything from a clever way to manage traffic, a system to capture water or somehow scavenge, create or manage the energy better.
What are some good ways to be a product and web designer without a proper education?
What are the most innovative product designs we take for granted?
How can I design my prototype so that it will be easily accepted by a manufacturer?
What is Apple group design culture?
How sophisticated are the engineering aspects involved in watch making?
Why does every hotel, even within the same chain, use a different type of shower faucet?
What information should be in a presentation about a new product for possible decision to turn it into a real one that will be presented to an investor?
Why are lawyer websites so poorly designed?
What companies and products have been created for Stripe?
Electrical Grids: Are there any lightweight materials that become rigid when a voltage is induced?
Is it possible to use Bayesian methods (filtering?) to "design" novel forms based on certain parameters?
Who have launched a digital product and made $1Million in sales?
Where can I buy custom-fitted musician's earplugs in Seoul?
How can I work as a product designer at LEGO?
What should be the modern equivalent of coal in a stocking?
Manufacturing in China: What is the production cost of an iPhone?
What are some good free sites to learn about product and/or web designing?
Why hasn't the Segway seen either significant iterative improvement or fundamental change in design or function, given its market failure?
What information is required (by law) to be placed on packaging for electronic products in the UK?
What are the favorite quotes of product designers?
Why do many mugs / coffee cups narrow to the bottom?
What is the angle to take for a new product idea in order to get from the manufacturer, to the product vendor and end-user?
What is so peculiar in the design of a Boomerang that allows it to come back to the origin of its flight?
Where can I buy design assets for graphic design?
How is it possible for Apple to design products with strong magnets to hold all of its components together without any nuts and bolts?
Can anyone design a laptop hardware better than the Macbook?
How can the design of DSLRs be improved?
Industrial Design: What is the name/finish of the "cool" looking material for the shell/surface of a machine?
Is planned obsolescence still used for devices using ecosystem / content delivery business model (e.g. Amazon Kindles)?
As Senior Vice President of Design at Apple, does Jonathan Ive still do hands-on design?
Value (economics): Are you satisfied with the BirchBox you received?
Which of the R/GA Hardware Accelerator "Mentors" has a strong background in hardware?
What is Google Knowledge Graph in the context of product design?
Are there any great training or conferences for product managers to learn how to define mobile products?
What is it like to start a factory?
Given full commitment and instruction, how soon can someone with design experience learn objective C to develop a GPS/Instagram like app?
How can I explore industrial design as a hobby?
What are the best ways to quickly and easily validate the need/demand for a new product idea before starting the design of a prototype?
How feasible is it for an aerospace engineer to become a product designer?
Where do business decision makers tell about problems they have?
How would you develop lip balm that could fit into your wallet?
What would you buy from me if I was smart enough to make it?
What are the best and worst product designs in India?
Steel: Which is the best industrial wire products manufacturing company in India?
What are some things we use in everyday life that were originally researched and developed by NASA?
What are some examples of GREAT product design?
What does it take to become a good Mechanical Design Engineer?
What will be the body material for the new next iPhone?
Who makes/sells this clock?
What makes a product fashionable?
Collectively, consumers of designed objects decide the object's commercial success or failure through their buying behaviour. What are the most relevant texts, theorists or reverences that one should refer to when discussing this circumstance?
What are some of the products that people have never heard of?
Why don't microwave ovens come with a "silent mode"?
What are the best cities and places to visit when planning a Eurotrip with a focus on design, art and tech startups?
What is the most complex object ever conceived, designed and constructed?
How did Steve Jobs design and make new products?
What are the differences between a digital product designer and a user experience designer?
What is your favourite piece of design and why?
What is the compensation package for a Product Design Engineer position at Apple?
What can be the best design for a building directly inspired by nature formally?
What problems are you trying to solve by the end of 2013?
How do you take the course "Sustainable Product Development" on NovoEd?
What is an efficient way to get followers on Google+?
What are some good examples of end-users/target market being invited into the design process, specifically to work collaboratively together in an innovative way aided by the internet or other modern technologies?
What do product designers think of Mixbit?
What are the best / leading edge industrial design firms in Melbourne?
Ziploc started the "Yellow and Blue makes Green" seal on bags to help users ensure the bag was sealed. They changed the colors to blue and green, which makes an indistinguishable color when sealed. Why?
How do countries design their disaster management systems?
What are the best books for learning storyboarding?
How can designer sell his products without creating an website?
What is the average starting salary of a post graduate in Product Design from IDC IIITB?
What is the most efficient design for a home with 3 rooms?
Do flavoured condoms have edible lubricants?
What does Jobs mean when he says 'they don't bring much culture into their products'?
What are the prospects of a product designer in India?
What is the best way to produce a technology-based, physical prototype of a product?
What is the best industrially designed product ever produced?
What are the ways to develop a new product?
How can Faceted Classification be leveraged when designing hardware assembly and part numbers?
What are some innovative products that were created in China?
What are some beautiful designs for showers and other Sanitary Fittings?
What features would be required to make an ideally perfect online game that everyone would enjoy and pay for it?
I have a new, innovative tent design, is there anyway I can partner with existing manufacturers to develop this?
How else could Apple use correlated magnets?
What are some examples of truly unique woodwork?
As a consumer, what was the best user experience for a product or a service that you have experienced?
What companies have the strongest niche commitment to their industry?
When thinking of creating a "lifestyle product" what elements are essential in the development?
What should I get my employees : Dartboard or foosball or Table Tennis at office?
Are small notebooks better than large ones, overall, for ideating?
What is the most efficient and effective way to license a product idea?
What is the best way of reaching potential clients for requirements at the product design stage?
What low cost stuff can be made at home that will make life easier or more comfortable?
If you have a product design idea but would like to partner with a design house, are there any recommendations? The product I have in mind will be in the consumer electronics space/fitness space
I want to major in Industrial Design. Does anyone have any experience as a professional in the field?
Where does a highschooler begin in the world of industrial product design?
What can we learn from the addictive nature of the Facebook news feed for making better movies?
What are some funny / worst products advertized in Telemarketing in India or anywhere?
How long does it take a company to release a car based on former concept designs?
What's the difference between brilliance and gimmicking?
Is the phonebloks design including the functionality of the electrical components, actually possible?
What is the best way of moving into the field of commercial/industrial design, with qualifications but no professional experience in architecture?
Which is the best place to work as Java Developer in Noida?
Who is the most famous British product designer of all time?
What you should copy from other product/companies and what you should not?
Why do people say that the mouthpiece of a flute or a whistle needs to "cut" the air in order to be effective?
I am building a lightweight cat structure. What are some materials that can be used to hold enough cat weight and be malleable at the same time?
Which products cost more to pack or ship that the product itself?
What would a third Daft Punk helmet look like?
What are examples of products that were altered (either literally or in the way they were marketed) once their manufacturers noticed people using them in radically different ways than expected?
Due to Instagram's new brand rules, what would be a good new name for Printagram?
Why did apple moved the headphone jack from top to bottom on iPhone5 is there a specific design thought to it?
What processes would be involved in making a handheld, manual balloon whisk, with silicone coated 'loops'?
How did Apple design the clock logo in iOS 7?
Will the iOS7 user experience be the trendsetter for approaching UI Design problems in the coming years?
How can Google redesign Glass?
What's something you use often that's ripe for a total redesign?
What are some hilarious and/or disgusting ingredients to everyday items that people aren't aware of?
What are some great examples of (man-made) product packaging?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of various-wheel vehicles?
Who are the most notable designer/founders in the startup community that have successfully sold a company and are on their next project?
How did messenger bags come about?
How would one go about creating a new brand of male orientated cosmetic products? UK - (Body wash, face wash, etc)
What are some uniquely designed projectors?
Who made the first crocheted beer cozy?
Which of these kits would you want to purchase, and why?
What is Rank order Clustering technique in Manufacturing Systems?
If you use Binfire, tell us how do you use it?
What is the lifecycle for a food product, from concept to store shelf?
What are some things that annoy you at laundromats?
Why can we not use the Swiss Design Flag as a logo on our products or pictures? Is it illegal?
Who is the best product focused entrepreneur all time and currently?
Is there an Airbnb for Design Projects?
What are some of the weirdest products ever?
Is there a Quora for designers?
Can I patent a tangible design?
What are the differences between Group Technology and Cellular Manufacturing?
What are the latest uncommon gadgets in town?
Should we aspire for a self-sustaining end-state on Earth  like we do for space stations?
What makes a good set of requirements for product design?
Which communities/sites can you recommend to a student for discussion about product design?
Which companies have a great unboxing experience?
Why did the Bauhaus close?
If you could combine two products, which two would you pick?
Why are Chinese products of such low quality?
How does Machine Design book by Shigley compare to that by Norton?
Why does cloud visual design (ie salesforce, workday) lag so far behind app design?
What are the most significant inventions that have made other developments possible?
What are some of the most useful, yet subtle features that we love about Apple products?
Why did Apple choose all light, playful, and many would argue feminine colors for the iPhone 5C?
Who designed the "power on" button?
The NASA Voyager spacecraft has performed well beyond expectations and well beyond the initial investment (and with perhaps a more modest budget than other NASA programs). Can people name other projects or products that have performed far beyond expectations and initial investment?
If you could change one thing about working in the Design Industry, what would it be?
How would you design Garbage?
Why are most toilet paper products not made from recycled paper?
What should you do when you don't like the career ahead of you?
What are the best designed physical objects?
What's a good projection solution for presenting photos/videos?
What is the effect of introduction of plastics on design as a whole?
Are there any examples of subsequently adding something extra to a design which looks as though it was always there and which has improved the design?
Which are the top 3 or 5 countries that influences the design trends all over the world?
What plug designs and power systems are the most efficient?
What are some of the best industrially designed products?
What are the usual positions and processes at a product or industrial design firm?
What does the stainless steel ring do in the iPhone 5s home button?
What are some design elements in products that most people do not know the use of?
What are some innovative keychains?
Whom should I contact at a big company, If I intend to sell a product?
How can I make a product like Surfeasy plugin?
What should I do when I don't have the required money to buy parts to develop a prototype?
My startup needs help manufacturing our product in order to meet current demand, how do I go about sourcing manufacturing (domestic and abroad)?
What's the future of the physical alarm clock?
What are some interesting product creation areas utilising Natural Language Processing?
What are the fundamentals of a useful user research survey?
What are the most beautiful and functional wine-key designs?
How do food companies decide which flavour their new product will have?
How, if at all, can I temporarily yet securely fasten a piece of strong plastic to a wall?
Which products have one and just one button?
What is the theory behind flavored contraceptives?
What are some efficient products and systems for composting food wastes in cities?
Stationery: How can I find a UK supplier to create my own recycled paper notebooks?
Is anybody using Agile Project Management methodologies for development of hardware products? How did you implement it? What system did you transition from? What problems did you run into?
Why is it so difficult for high-end headphones manufacturers to make all their over-the-ear headphones pressureless on the head/ears?
How is hardware design changing in consumer technology today (2013-14)?
What is the function of the spokes of a bicycle?
Is this at Apple's "secret room"?
What are some hacks for taking great product photos?
What things no longer made do you miss the most?
Why aren't the edges of a MacBook Pro filleted or chamfered?
Is there some good Facebook desktop software for windows to use?
What are the best tools to draw Data-flow diagram for a big block of code?
What are some everyday products most people use incorrectly?
How do I source third party manufacturers and licenses for the product if I am thinking about launching a new Shampoo brand/product?
What is luxury in interface/ digital product design?
I have an idea for a hardware product accessory for mobile phones. I'd like to verify that the idea doesn't exist already, How to start this process?
What is the one thing every design client should know or aspire to?
What do you consider to be the most innovative mobile product designs?
What are some inventions that could be made using the Intel Quark Chip?
What are the notable hardware startups started in last five years?
Is there any business model which does not try to avoid buyers remorse, but capitalises on it? As in, it sells buyer's remorse, makes its customers feel sadder about the product they purchase in a deliberate way.
How does a sales person convince a buyer that their product is better than the others in the marketplace?
What is the business case for releasing products in one or two colors (e.g. Apple iPhone first black, and then white)? As opposed to releasing in multiple colors.
Why are car designers increasingly using lateral windows with a high baseline (waist, as somebody calls it), especially for the second row of seats?
Should I build physical product in-house or be better off outsourcing?
Design efficiency for Boothroyd Dewhurst Design For Assembly, Can it be calculated for a single part product? If yes, what would be its deisgn efficiency?
What are the career opportunities for CATIA designer in field of product development?
Would you buy something that you have to come up with a use for?
What is the best trampoline design invented so far? Do you have inovative solution for next-gen trampoline design?
What are good ways to drive a designer to market himself?
For my masters thesis I am trying to define electronic interaction within a poetic sense. How do you define poetic?
What are some of the cool products you got from Kickstarter, Indiegogo or any other crowdfunding site?
Why didn't blackberry just use kickstarter or similar platform for their Z10 product so they didn't dump $1 Billion on it and have it flop?
Can insistence on simplicity ever be detrimental to a product or company?
What is OPITZ classification system in Group Technology?
Which products would benefit from redesigning based on the ideas of collaborative Consumption?
I am working on an idea for a full mouth toothbrush and was wondering, how to go about connecting with a larger company to turn the idea into a product?
I want to start e-commerce portal for customized (tailor-made) Jeans. How can I understand market for it?
Aside from Apple, what companies have packaging engineering teams?
What are some examples of a product that copied the concept of some other product but still got more success than the original product?
What are some creative sails designs?
Why are more software companies now making hardware?
What are examples of using design to increase adherence to a complete course of antibiotics or other pills?
Where can I learn Bauhaus online?
How are the markings on measuring tape made?
How do I keep switching back and forth between software engineering and product management over time?
What branded products have you bought that were worth the premium?
What distinguishes a great product designer from a good product designer?
Why does my head's hair get trapped time and again when holding my umbrella? Is this normal?
How does a CS student bring an idea for a physical product to market?
Why aren't book sizes/dimensions standardized?
Suggest me a functional & effective laptop around $200?
What's the most exciting product / service you know, that was designed using the concept of design thinking?
What is the design process of making Warby Parker frames?
What is a material that can be printed on and written on that is able to withstand sand, liquids, and other destuctive forces?
What's the story behind the shift from pop-top milk gallons to screw-top?
Why is Roomba round?
I am in process of creating a time- table for myself... Please advice what could be the best way to make it a effective time table and allocation of hours in proper manner?
Why do straws have stripes?
What is the best resource for different mechanical designs?
Footwear Industry: Is it possible to make a hybrid sandal (half dressy, half sports)?
What is the lineage of colored consumer products?
How do you become a industrial designer without going into design school?
What is the most famous B2B product failure due to bad product planning?
Which is a better lawn mower brand - Zero Turn, Bad Boy, or Husqvarna? Why?
What are some examples of extremely durable or long-living consumer products?
What is the best trampoline design invented so far?
What are some of the worst brands, ever?
What does it feel like to run a design agency/firm in india?
Why are more apps or software products not designed with elderly people in mind?
Could you run a KickStarter campaign for a product design without having a prototype? That is, just a set of sketches and plans?
What are examples of startups using physical items as a bridge between offline and online? Eg. Customer cards, tokens, crafted objects, login info printed and packaged.
Is it possible to be a software engineer and a product designer at the same time?
Is there any good & affordable product casing design house? .We have developed smart watch. They should have good experience in Consumer electronics field & support us during casing manufacturing. Ours is a startup company and can't afford to spend much on casing design.
What are the career options for mechanical engineer, with aptitude in graphic designing?
What are some of the best examples of transmedia products?
How did Apple make so many basic UI design mistakes in iOS 7?
What are basic ways to design storage chassis appliance?
What are some of the worst features in a product?
How many times can I open and close the lid of my Macbook before it breaks or wears off?
What is 'futuristic' design?
Besides the electronics stuff and electronics gadgets, what are some coolest gismos these years?
What are some intelligent or subtle designs in products that may appear like flaws, imperfections or defects?
Where is product design needed?
Creative Careers: If one is a production designer, what is the next step in food chain?
What is the monthly operating cost of a Small to medium sized Product Design Firm?
Who designed the brand identity and product packaging for Chobani yogurt and how much did it cost?
What are some cool product feature innovations that you can think of?
Is there a global design calendar/website?
I want to design a large, cheap, box on legs.  What type of Engineer do I need?
With the ramping up of 3D printing technology, what is the easiest and cheapest way to bring your product to market?
What is the top product design firm to creat a consumer product design in the field of mobile-weight lose-consumer gadget?
What is the rationale behind the layout of alphabets on a keyboard?
As a designer, how do you justify your initial ideas and evaluations prior user testing?
How should product managers influence the physical design of a product? (It could be tangible or intangible).
What are some crazy innovative uses of products that even the manufacturers never thought about?
How does it feel to work in the R&D divisions of industries related to Mechanical Engineering in India?
How do I go about creating and selling a product?
What are good product design material information links?
Want to name a technology?
Which web site is the best for showcasing design-led products (like Behance but for industrial design and more), like furniture apparel and etc..?
In which fields can I work if I'm an industrial Designer?
Where can I buy the highest quality replica lobster phone designed by surrealist painter Salvador Dali?
What are some great designs for Study Tables?
What are the best UI/UX features you've encountered and why?
What are some epic technology product fails, and why?
How to create more attractive products?
What are some practical applications of bendable LCD screens?
Which are the best product companies in the world?
What are the best alarm clocks to buy?
What are some tools/software to use to showcase product redesign concepts?
What type of unique,HANDMADE, one of a kind greeting cards is best selling?
What are some of the most epic product fails?
What are some good tutorials for learning how to make high quality pixel icons?
What are some successful products that didn't solve a problem?
In what ways can you use a pencil sharpener?
What career option are there after doing product designing mdes from india?
What interview questions should I ask a team that I'll be managing?
Why are laptop touchpads below the keyboard and not above?
What are the steps do I need to do to bring a product to life?
Do I have to register an idea to keep it from being copied?
How to capture the voice-of-customer regarding a product that is not currently in the market? (Alternatively, How do I form a hypothesis)
Where can I get a technical drawing of a product done for me on the web?
What's a cool, light, stretchy, black, and elastic material to use for a clothing accessory that behaves like an ankle wrap?
What is it like to design and/or build your own house from scratch?
I'm a mechanical engineering graduate. What kind of jobs should I look for that'll give me the best learning curve in design?
Is it worthwhile to protect your product designs?
How do you find, hire, and work with a product designer?
Why are ATMs not designed to prevent skimmers?
What pigments (solid or liquid) are electrically conductive?
Which schools offer higher studies in design after a degree in computer science engineering in India?
What have historically been the limits of technical innovation, and how many of these limitations have yet to be overcome?
Are there any mechanical design engineering roles at startups?
With minimalism and product merging seeming to be an increasingly popular trend, what everyday items will go extinct?
What is unnamed quality?
I am a mechanical engineering graduate from India fresh out of college. What kind of jobs should I look for that would provide me with the best learning curve in design or R&D?
How do I resist desire to keep adding more product features?
What is it like to be a Mechanical Product Design Engineer?
How did the Orangina bottle come to be?
How were contact lenses invented?
How do product designers advertise their work?
What are the psychological impacts of having a black or a white cellphone?
Shouldn't there be an Arduino App Store?
How does a novice learn the skills required to be an industrial designer?
Is there a list of generic product properties?
What are your views on the phrase 'The product is made by hand. Hence no two products are exactly same'?
How do companies decide the warranty period for a product?
Is the Alessi Juicy Salif Citrus Squeezer by Philippe Starck the most stupid design for a citrus juicer?
How can one work around developing a physical product when a similar design has a patent?
Simplicity: What are some simple things that are surpringly complex underneath?
Who are other product design rock-stars like Jonathan Ive@Apple?
How do I get into design thinking and innovation design?
What product (or set of products) from any different company is still around that should realistically be bankrupt because the product is so terrible?
How environmentally friendly is technogel?
What are some good examples of poorly designed products that are really successful? Why?
Is there a product which you wish could have survived till now?
How do I get a food product that I invented on the market?
What ideas were taken from Quora and developed into a product?
How does a "bop bag" (a child's punching bag) keep popping back up?
Who are the key members of the Fujifilm X-Series design team?
What are good alternatives to 3D printing, for casual prototyping?
Customization: What services are there like Doogma?
Design: What are the most impressive engineering details in Apple's hardware products?
What kind of innovation is possible in the design of restrooms?
How do you accelerate physical product development ?
What are some recommended sources for small glass bottles, preferably from a provider with the ability to screen print on them?
Would it be possible to learn product design from home?
Minimalism: Do we really need products like this dressing mixer?
How does one apply for a product manager opening when he/she has only coding experience till date?
How does one become a great designer?
What are some of the cleverest designs you have ever seen?
What is Failure mode and effect analysis?
Industrial Design: Is Karim Rashid's work worthy of its praise in the media?
What is the best designed analytics product web or mobile?
Which is the best CAD software to master for mechanical engineering graduate from India looking for an entry-level job in the design industry?
What are the best product names?
What are those products that we use in our everyday life that needs to  change?
I am a mechanical engineer about to graduate from India with a certain proficiency in software like solidworks, Ansys, Autocad, etc. Which type of employers should I look for that will best showcase my talents and improve them?
Why are cheap cars unattractive?
How are hermetically sealed electronic devices like security cameras opened up for servicing?
What is the best way to get work experience in industrial/product design?
What are some features regular everyday appliances could have?
How are Bose speakers designed? What are the design factors that come into play?
What would an engineer want the most, at an electronics design engineers' conference?
What is the best non-software product that you like and why?
What would constitute a strong portfolio of self-started projects?
What makes a design good?
What is the difference between a product manager and a product specialist?
Invention and Inventions: I have an idea for a simple product for the home. How do I go about getting the prototype designed and built?
How and why does design evolve?
What are good inspirational sites for starting green/eco designing concepts?
What is the next big thing in product innovation for pets?
How would you improve the user interface of a car?
What are some of the funniest Mac Pro parodies?
Which is the best college to learn interaction, graphic and industrial design in the USA?
Who on Quora should one follow to get more insights about design (graphics, animation, illustrations, web design etc.)?
Can intricate plastic parts be machined from raw materials and get finish as good as Injection Molding?
What are the key characteristics of an effective UX designer?
What are some key questions to ask a product designer after the first draft of a product's design?
What are the qualities of a good product to be launched in the marketplace?
What should I know before making a toy?
Blender (Software): Render a 2D image with studio lighting?
Why do razor blades of all companies in all countries have same design and shape?
What are the things to keep into consideration while running an electronics product startup in India?
Do It Yourself (DIY): What is the cheapest and most creative way to make my own bookshelf?
Does Dyson employ more industrial designers or engineers?
Are there any product design style guides published online?
Does a structured, firm, laundry basket/bin with straps exist?
Why has sous-vide cooking not caught on with the general public?
What is the best question to ask when interviewing a creative? (designer, architect, illustrator, photographer, etc.)
Gadgets & Technologies: How can I make a clock that does strange sounds?
What is a good site for finding materials for packaging a food product I'm developing?
Which product ideas would you submit to Quirky and which to Edison Nation?
How do you get into the field of product design without a master's degree?
What are the best brands of high-end quality bathroom towels in the market?
What is the best starting job for a graduate in mechanical engineering from India seeking a career in the CAD area?
Do you find the Airport Extreme and Time Capsule strange in their form factor?
Which web site is the best for finding design-led products, furniture, apparel and etc... from all over the world?
If I work with a product development company on an unpatented consumer product will I still be able to patent it individually after it has been developed?
Why is Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) so strategic for fashion, apparel, luxury and other soft-goods industries with respect to other businesses and markets?
Are there any incubator programs that target companies / founders that had success on Kickstarter?
How do you recognize the sentence "Made In China"?
How many "Design & Technology" projects are submitted to Kickstarter per month?
Where can I buy single color flexible touch screens or LED array?
Coffee straw or stirrer or both?
How do you launch a hardware startup?
How can we improve the design of modern public restrooms?
What are the methodologies for product design?
If Apple uses the Flexible Display technology, what would it be for?
Have you seen the LED pulse bracelet?
Is Sapphire glass used for manufacturing watches more environmentally friendly than mineral glass?
Do you know that IISc has a department of design, Centre for Product Design and Manufacturing?
What are some of the most overpriced products in the world?
Women's Fashion and Style: Which is the most beautifully designed jewellery?
What makes a product desirable?
What are some best product/automobile/structural designs?
I am a newly graduated industrial designer , How should I invest in product design in Asia?
What are some open source projects that doesn't involve "high" technology?
Toys: Which companies or products are similar to Makedo?
If I have an idea for a mass market product, then do I protect it first or test it in the market?
Which products, if built today, would look completely different? Why?
Is there a website exist focused for future product releases?
Where can someone order custom-made retail packaging?
Is the industrial age over?
If I have a working prototype and a market for a physical product, how do I go about building a company to sell that product?
Why do some people care a lot about leg room while others don't?
How Can I Learn to Work With Advanced Fabrication / Rapid Prototyping Technologies?
What new materials for manufacturing consumer goods are likely to become widely adopted in the future?
Is there a better name for physical interaction design?
Product Design (mechanical): How to begin career as a product designer?
What are some companies that can get customized electronic designed and manufactured?
I have sketches of a product I want to sell on my college campus. What do I do now?
What are some examples of functional art?
Textile Engineers: What can the sock industry learn from condom manufacturing?
Who is the most "hands on" designer?
What are some good alternatives to clamshell packaging?
What are some examples of unique toys that fall outside common genres?
What are the components required to assemble handheld POS device?
Hardware: What was the timeline to take the Nest thermostat from concept to shipping?
What is the most indestructible headphone product on the market?
Will Apple cut a big chunk of space from the next Mac Pro?
Where and how can I get a prototype of a product idea manufactured?
I saw a keyboard doorbell that a guest can play on Pinterest.  Where can I buy it?
Batteries: What are the most innovative designs for electrical charging connectors?
Who are the top product designers from the 19th century?
What is the best way to find a product designer?
Why are cups so often wider at the top than at the bottom?
What is the best, yet most elegant anti-static fabric?
How was Courier designed for cataloging inspiration?
Who heads up the Google tablet project?
What are some of the best products under $100?
What are some of the best large scale wood craft manufacturers?
Does Apple have the resources to develop a competitive 3d printing software? Is there an initiative to do so?
What products are made of byproducts of another process?
Why are there no hovercars?
Is there a patent on the Coca-Cola bottle design?
What exactly does it mean to be a designer?
What products currently being offered need improvement?
Which spring manufacturers are capable of producing rectangular coil compression springs utilizing flat wire with a radial thickness of at least 0.31 in.?
What are some bottle designs which have a unique shade shape?
Why do the handles of some coffee mugs get hot in the microwave quickly, while others don't?
Is the mid range of clothing disappearing?
Is there a software program or Autodesk Inventor plugin for automating the drawing of rectangular coil springs?
Where do you work after attending the Stanford d.school?
How would I go about hiring a product design student/graduate to help me develop a physical prototype?
What are the key watch design blogs?
In a motorbike, why is neutral between the first and second gears?
What is the worst product name of all time?
Why do iMacs' backs seem so prone to scratches?
What is it like to work for frog design?
What is the percentage of people in the US that pays for high end design electronic products?
How can I manufacture plush toy with electronics?
What is the market size of Industrial and Product design industry?
What products are you pissed off at paying a lot for?
What is the most elegant gadget ever?
Who are the top product designers from the 20th century?
What are some marvelously designed clothes hangers?
Which contemporary automobiles will date badly in respect to their design?
What is the best source of technical information on electronic watches?
What would go into an ideal student kit for fast physical modelling/prototyping of new product ideas?
What's the high-level process for taking a physical product from idea to manufacturing and distribution?
What is the best way design a UI for multiple resolutions?
How do top designers work?
What happens if you urinate in a Dyson airblade?
Packaging and Containers: Why does flour come in annoying, hard-to-open paper sacks?
What are some of the best packaged consumer products?
Which companies use their products to develop their own products?
What are some of the things/products that favor right handed people more than the left handed people?
Is there enough wood in the world to supply "reclaimed wood" furniture?
What products do you wish existed?
I have an idea for a pet product. How would I go about having prototypes designed and made?
Furniture: What's the coolest computer desk?
What makes a good cat toy?
What are some beautifully designed mirrors?
What is the difference between product design and graphic design?
What are some good examples of beautiful designs for 3D printing?
Why are the bonnets of some cars being given bad design cuts?
How close is Google Glass to become widely adopted consumer product?
Is India ready for an open-product development platform?
Why does the Macbook Pro have such sharp edges?
Which US-based product design firms work on defense-oriented products, such as firearms accessories and magazines, for projects with budgets at or below $25,000?
What are some of the oldest inventions exist today in their (near) original designs?
What companies or products are similar to littleBits?
Who is the most diverse designer in the world?
How do I get a celebrity endorser to endorse a product just because they love it?
Product Design -- Estimate and Terms for Bag Accessory Prototype
Why does samsung stick with plastic for their flagship phones inspite of repeated criticism?
Is consumer robotics the new new thing?
Does Steve Jobs' yacht Venus look ugly?
What are things that plastics just can't (or shouldn't) replace?
What is the most elegant design?
How does Product Development Engineering compare to Mechanical Engineering?
What are some ways that people, with experience in creation of things with long production cycles, learn from their experiences when feedback about their performance may be months away?
How is a good interference fit between a sliding nylon lid and a nylon enclosure calculated for an initial prototype?
In your opinion which packaging (designs) have had biggest positive impact on the world?
When asking early adopters for customer development interviews, would you recommend offering payment or other incentives?
Where can I buy steampunk products?
What is the typical sketch : prototype/sample : finished product ratio for a brand?
Future of Technology: What are some cool new innovations we could see on smartphones by 2015?
What brands of household products did Steve Jobs use?
What are some creative new broom designs?
Is it possible to re-invent the wheel to climb up or down?
Why haven't big companies that sell their drinks in cans, such as Pepsi and Coca Cola addressed the problem of not being able to close a can after it's opened?
What are some of the most under-priced products in the world?
What is the cost breakdown of automobile components and manufacture?
What are some awesome design apprenticeship programs out there?
Who are some famous automobile designers?
What are some instances of product or packaging design which people don't realize that also serves a function? (For example, breaking off the end of some Japanese toothpicks.)
I am looking for credible and speculative essays on Buckminster Fuller, to better understand all sides of the debate. What is the opinion formed by you, and on what account?
If the iPod Shuffle had the 3.5mm jack as its power/data/sound transmission port, then why not for the other iDevices?
What are the keys for a product to keep its value through time?
What are some magnificent examples of lighting designs?
How can I create a design and generate a prototype for an apparel and clothing idea?
Why is one end of a leather bookmark usually cut into little tassle-like strips?
How can one mount an Arduino project in an enclosure without having screws sticking through the enclosure?
If not a product, service or scheme, what else can an idea be?
What's the difference in quality and functional design of mens' electric razors and a womens' electric razors?
What science or engineering challenges keep safe toothbrush bristles from lasting 100 years?
When you buy a product what will make you buy one product over another?
I have an idea for a new alarm clock design. How would I go about pursuing this idea?
What are some good bookshelf designs?
What are some really creative cup designs?
What are the most amazing hardware devices came out in 2012 from small start-ups?
What is the process for taking a product from CRUDE prototype, to a product ready to ship?
What are some interesting innovation links?
If there are accepted Design Patterns for code optimization, what design patterns exist for Life optimization?
What are some good examples of uniquely designed closets?
McDonald's (fast food chain): What company does design Happy Meal toys?
Am I allowed to mass-produce products made from work outsourced somewhere else?
What prototyping material is easy to shape and reform but will harden in a microwave?
What are some good examples of functional hardware, beautifully designed?
Where are some notable examples of creators not using their own products?
Why do designers drive VW Golfs?
How do I quickly and easily find companies on the web that want and will buy my designs?
What is your backpack used for?
Can autorickshaws in India be redesigned to have gear level at the foot like motorbikes? Will that make it easy for the drivers?
Is God a Designer or a Developer?
What is the best way to develop a prototype in the health & beauty field?
How do you start a career as a product designer?
What are some methods of approaching physical product photography that include sets and models for a small bootstrapped startup?
How do you resolve a conflict between a product manager and a designer?
What products succesfully implement magnets in their design?
What is the value chain of a designed product?
What are the most artistic (beautiful) water bottle  designs?
Is there a website that has mathematical explanation/equation of known behaviors and patterns?
What can I coat my product in?
Are there products out in the market which fuse vintage design with contemporary outlook, like in the interior designing industry?
What do you think about the new Blackberry 10 smartphone?
Can you shed light on what convinces people a product is durable? http://bit.ly/whyisitreliableQ
What can I do to be product designer?
What are some other grad programs similar to the Stanford Joint Program in Design?
Where are the antennas of a Google Glass located?
Food Packaging: What are the similarities/differences between pop top and screw top bottles?
What framework can be used for answering product design questions in job interview ? e.g. How to design a microwave, pencil, bottle ?
What is the best mental process to develop new product ideas?
What is the most innovative pocket-sized calculator available?
Ergonomics: Why are car seat headrests really awkward?
What are good resources on design for injection moulding (molding)?
What is your favorite non technical product this year?
What are some examples of gorgeous wine label designs?
Why no company had come up with a successful/popular/easy way to keep earphone wires untangled?
Why do all products need to have place of manufacturing printed?
How does one go about meeting industrial product design engineers?
How are condoms tested?
Why do both of the big-name waterproof iPhone cases have the same maximum submersion depth?
What does it take to be a successful car designer?
What are some of the best and most sophisticated leather snap case/cover, for the iPhone 3GS ?
What's happening with CKIE?
How would I go about producing a physical relief map?
What does it feel like to design a product you know won't be as successful as Apple products?
What does someone actually mean when they say that they are problem-driven versus solution-driven in designing an approach for problem solving and/or product design?
How would you go about creating a small, spherical cat toy that jumped, like a jumping bean?
Should I study product design or architecture?
What are the easiest ways to develop 3d models of product designs, for someone who has never done 3d modelling or CAD before?
How should I go about getting a small , tough case for a small electronic device designed, prototyped and ultimately manufactured?
Why do toothpastes come in such ineffectively designed tubes?
If Linkedin data was embodied what form would it take?
When new furniture is outgassing their volatile organic compounds, then is the rate of VOC outgassing highest right after the furniture is moved out of the bags and boxes?
Why didn't Microsoft include the multi-touch functionality into the trackpad for Windows 8?
Why do Quorans keep tagging Facebook/twitter/foursquare/web design questions with the Product Design (physical goods) category?
Perfumes: Is there any way to buy one fragrance bottle each of assorted bulk bottles at wholesale to build a collection?
How can consumer electronics products be engineered with the developing world in mind?
Witch pages, blogs or forums about product sketching you recommend to subscribe?
Where can I find dimensional drawings of the Microsoft Surface for product development?
How can I get Restoration Hardware to carry my product?
What is the best way to document user personas and make decisions based on them?
Why is it so common to see black buttons on black devices?
Why does Bic make pens, razors and lighters?
Product Development: How do I build things for people who aren't making the purchase decisions?
Why do coffee/hot beverage lids have a little hole on the top part? What is its purpose?
What are some good schools for a business graduate to take up a course in design with focus on psychology ( human factors and cognitive understanding)?
What is the ONE thing that you love, hate or that causes unease about 3D printing?
What are some of the weirdest napkin designs?
What are some products  that you boycott? and Why?
Gyroscopic TV remotes, anyone?
What are some examples of infamous poorly made products?
How can I build my own laptop?
Is design a form of science?
What are some great products that aren't viable due to shipping constraints?
How did Apple arrive at the iPhone's current vibration toggle design?
Who designed the Nook Simple Touch's exterior?
If Quora data was embodied what form would it take?
Symmetry: Why are man-made creations so symmetrical?
Luxury Cars: What unique, obscure designs are there in high end automobiles?
What are some very creative aquarium designs?
What´s the next cool thing?
Does the design of a teapot impact the taste / way of preparing the tea?
Why don't cars all have the fuel door on the same side?
How can one use a Microsoft Surface keyboard while lying on a sofa or bed?
How did marketers use cataloging or indexing systems to their advantage before the internet?
Which design firms does Apple contract with?
What are some interesting observations about Inception's interior design?
What were the most inovative new products of 2012?
What is the purpose behind the circle and oblong cutouts in a typical ruler?
Is the open source model relevant in the non-software field?
Given limitless resources, how would you improve or make more efficient windshield wipers on a car?
IPhone 5: Why Apple design did not change significantly?
What are some things that you will need during your whole life, that do not go out of fashion and are worth spending money on?
Who makes the final decision between Product Manager & UX Designer during a feud?
What durability and endurance testing does Apple perform on its products?
If I have an idea for a shoe and I design it on paper how do I get a prototype made?
What are some examples of designs/inventions/solutions in which analogy played a crucial role?
I have an idea for a product, what is needed to manufacture it?
Is it legal or ethical to make one product and call it by two different names?
What other Industrial Design ideologies exist, minimalism aside? Your opinions too.
What is the most efficient design for a wind turbine?
Which product design recruiters should I follow on twitter?
What is the best wind turbine blade design for catching a direct, steady, horizontal wind?
Smart Technologies: What ways can you make packaging "smarter"?
Will Apple products ever have any sort of native stylus support?
What's the best way to build prototypes for sunglasses?
How do companies in the furniture space like IKEA structure and manage how their design and their product development departments lead or work together?
Which long-lived designs are largely unchanged from how they started out?
Are products ever too well made?
What are some of the best examples for products that combine convenience with high quality?
What is the interview process like for industrial designers at Square?
How many people does it take to build an iPhone?
Is there a TPE that can be painted?
Why do so many Product Design firms (like IDEO and frog) focus on creating products for clients, rather than going it alone?
Are there any well designed electric heaters?
What are some products you purchased over 10 years ago that you still use on a daily basis?
What's the best way to outsource hardware development?
Who are the people in this Apple design team photo?
If you could re-design your business luggage, what would you change?
How would the 3 prong plug look if it were designed today?
Would a phone made of bamboo be a good idea?
What organizations in the UK do Industrial Designers join?
Ergonomics: Which end of the of the "spoon" provided in the Haagen-Dazs mini ice cream should be used?
Why don't iPhones have a memory card slot?
Where would you use this product? thefastrack.ca
What products are true design classics, and why?
What are the best resources for learning about Shaker design?
Do products differentiate between "assembled in the USA" and "made in the USA"?
Have you, as an engineer, product designer or else, personally ever been involved in the design of planned obsolescence of a product?
What are the geekiest/nerdiest things Apple implemented in its products or technologies?
When thinking creatively what are some interesting, helpful, or useful constraints to add?
Are Apple mice poorly designed?
What is a simple product that you wish existed for under $100? Under $50?
What is the strongest design for a telescoping handle?
My designer just left our consumer internet startup, do I need to completely re-design the site or is it possible to keep the style of the site consistent?
Inspiration: What are the most inspiring websites for product designers?
Why do toilet paper tubes tend to have such large diameters?
What are some elements of a great unboxing experience?
Does Apple always max out its engineering design capacity, or does it underperform a little to make it easier to make the next product the "thinnest and lightest __ ever"?
If the iPad Mini preceded iPhone and iPad, how do you think touch screen devices would have evolved differently?
What is it like to design/market generic products?
Is Converse's Chuck Taylor shoe design elegant, beautiful, or timeless?
Are there any cars that notify the driver when fuel is low?
What are some good software apps that top tier product managers and creative professionals use or should/would use to manage ideas or thoughts?
What are some good ways to test the usability of physical products?
What areas are key when developing a new part which uses thermoplastic elastomer materials?
How did USB plugs acquired faces?
Do any designers or design studios work without Adobe Creative Suite? Who, specifically?
How much did Nike spend to develop FuelBand?
Human-Computer Interaction: How can we get rid of the wake-up button on a phone?
How do baby wipes stay moist after the package is opened?
If one could combine the best features of the best cars, what would the car look like?
Why do all lanyards have one twist in them?
What are some brands really pushing the landscape in Fashion + Technology right now?
Can you design new customers?
What's the appeal of a rocking bed?
What is it like to design or manufacture knock-off products?
What hardware products are the world waiting for to be revolutionzed through open source?
What would be a good method or approach to teach design to young people?
How can I make the most of my 6 months in Shanghai?
What is the lenovo model shown on the ubuntu.com main page?
I want to change careers in a totally different direction, probably something in design, where to start looking?
How might I take a product from concept to production?
Why should I drink juice from the straw hole?
Why were boat hull designs specifically protected by the DMCA?
Why has no one been able to create a urinal that doesn't splash urine onto the user or the ground?
What office supplies do you always buy when starting a new job?
What are some everyday things that currently suck and should be improved drastically?
Do you agree that this single-app handheld gadget will revolutionize the Apple TV experience?
Who designed the soda can?
Why is there so much information on the packaging of consumer goods (shampoo, toothpaste, toothbrushes, soap, etc)?
Invention and Inventions: What are some low-cost options for building a profesional and customized plastic box to house a medical device?
Which companies incorporate marketing and proposition development into product design while still in development?
How long will it be before 3rd party knockoffs of Apple's Lightning Adapter become available and what is the cost likely to be?
What are some initial mockups examples of popular companies now days?
How do I design mugs online in India?
What are some practices in Software Engineering which are useful in other fields of product development as well?
What are some consumer goods that lack bilateral symmetry along at least one axis?
Why has no one ever created an athletic business shoe?
What practical, real world products have been created as a result of the double slit experiment?
What is the purpose behind Apple's reducing the 30-pin connector to a  19-pin connector so that the headphone jack can be moved from the top to the bottom of the upcoming iPhone (iPhone 5) version?
What does it feel like to design a product with planned obsolescence?
Arguments and Argumentation: How can you influence someone to agree with your ideas?
Why do Chinese products have low respect in India?
Why hasn't anyone redesigned the food can?
What are the ways to test bi/tri cycle design?
What products today were seemingly inspired by 007 movies/gadgets before the year 2000?
Given that clothes in a washer need to be more tightly packed, and clothes in a dryer require more air and space, why couldn't a single unit washer and dryer feature a space that expands during the drying cycle?
Why hasn't someone invented a good single unit washer/dryer?
Why didn't Apple make the Lightning's USB-connecter, 3.0 compatible?
What are good ways to learn product design skills?
Could a lytro camera be built into a mobile device or laptop?
Where can I find the design equations for rectangular coil springs a.k.a magazine springs?
Usability: What is the advantage of colorless buttons on game consoles?
Are product model numbers globally unique across brands?
Bicycle Accessories: Anyone use a Hövding bike airbag or know someone who does?
Why did scent cell phone charms like Keitai KunKun never catch on? And how did they do in Japan?
What is Apple's design process?
What are some of the companies that produce excellent product designs?
Is there any way to collect long term reviews of manufactured goods?
What is great about being a designer?
Is there an exact date when computer renderings became so realistic that most people can't tell that they aren't real life?
Are ships designed on a platform sharing basis?
Do you think a kickstand on a phone is useful ? Why or why not?
Which US spring manufacturers are equipped to design and manufacture rectangular coil spring a.k.a.  magazine spring prototypes, less than 10 in quantity?
Why are there so many brands of bathroom hand dryers?
What are some examples of over-engineered products?
If I have an idea of a product for a current company, how do I tell them about this?
What are some software that industrial designers at Apple use?
Is there a fixed criteria or skillset required to become an independent Environmental Graphics Designer?
What are some of the best designed 'crazy cars'?
Was Steve Jobs wrong about 3.5 inch and 9.7 inch being the perfect screen size for a phone and a tablet?
How keyboards used in non-english speaking countries (korea, japan, sweden, china, India) are designed and how critical  is native language keyboard in development of internet user base in these countries?
Why does Dieter Rams claim that Apple Inc. is one of the few companies designing products according to his principles even though Apple clearly violates his principle that  "good design is long lasting - It avoids being fashionable and therefore never appears antiquated. Unlike fashionable design, it lasts many years – even in today's throwaway society"?
Ray-Ban: What did the initial Wayfarer prototypes look like?
How does Pringles get that same shape every single time?
Should product designers and manufacturers be promoting active design guides? (as the example of architecture policies for active design guidelines) or would that be limiting users freedom?
How do you get from a hardware prototype to a mass consumer product?
What are some good watches/clocks with non traditional time displays?
Operations Management: What are some good examples of Poka Yoke applications in product design?
Who is the most interesting designer to follow on Quora?
What are the greatest products/food/designs for elderly people in your country?
Which is cheaper for product bottling-labels or silk screening?
When is it not okay to borrow a design element or feature of another product and implement it into your own product?
Are all these extravagant toothbrush bristle designs really beneficial to our dental health?
Crafts (art): How did they make the neon model city of tokyo in the film Enter the Void?
What certifications or tests are needed for California Prop 65 compliance?
How much does the Object Connex500 3D printer cost?
What are the best management/leadership training available for Silicon Valley high tech managers who happen to be in UX/Product Design research field?
What do people need to buy online in 2012?
If I'm an industrial designer, could I just hire software engineers to develop any software I needed to develop? (because, I'm not a computer programmer, and would prefer to stick to art, and product design tasks)
What is the new Apple project that Sir Jonathan Ive considers the most important and best work he's ever done?
Why is the Solo Traveler the dominant coffee cup lid?
What are the ingredients in Lemi shine?
What do designers think of Amazon?
Hobby Electronics: What type of projects use ATtiny 8-pin microcontrollers?
What are some examples of good cover letters for design jobs?
How does one hire a product design firm?
Why hasn't anyone improved the umbrella?
What are some good introductory materials on industrial design prototyping?
How do you know if it's worth going back to school for a Masters Degree in Interaction Design (or something closely related like UX design)?
What is the difference between a capacitive and a resistive touchscreen tablet/phone?
What are some examples of well-designed cigarette boxes?
What is the story behind the design of the thin, silky pages of a standard Bible?
What is the best way to get an electronic prototyped device constructed in Los Angeles?
Are there any classes in San Francisco that can help someone learn more about Product Management?
How do businesses use MS Excel in practice?
What is the best source for product design?
How can I learn how to design and make lightweight backpacking style tents?
Is industrial design dead?
How to bootstrap accessories startups like ifrogz, Zagg, Speck or similar brands?
Product Development: How does one go about designing and manufacturing a backpack?
Is the 80% product failure rate statistic actually true?
Has a hippie ever invented anything?
What are the best examples of food packaging design?
Why do products still come with screw caps when flip caps are easier to use?
Designers: What drives you crazy when handing over work to your clients? Is there anything that usually happens in the process that you hate? Can there be anything done better after your job is done?
What are some surprisingly high-tech everyday products?
Are there startups or web products that work in the interest of average Americans' long-term job security?
What are some of the most innovative, unusual, or beautiful presentations on SlideShare?
Which start-ups are working on physical products in India?
How can I get a large batch of small 2d profiles fabricated?
How important is it to take design classes if I plan on starting my own biotech company in a few years?
What is the ideal weight of a book/magazine?
What are some great food condiment descriptions?
What is the good source of entrepreneurial advice on launching a new product?
What did people use before whiteout tape or liquid?
What are the information needs of design engineers, and where do they find the info they need?
How did the founders of Knomo bags in London make the leap from "three friends climbing the corporate ladder" in 2004 to spearheading the development of a new line of travel bags that are now found in over 700 stores in 26 countries?
What can be done to urinals reduce urine from "splashing back" at a urinal user?
Is Apple's iTunes considered an elegant product?
What features would a refrigerator (fridge) built especially for the blind (visually impaired ) people have?
What are examples of simple, beautiful, and highly useful physical products?
Why do so many toys and gadgets use button cell batterys, when they are relatively expensive for the consumer to replace?
Who are some great product designers in Vancouver?
As a designer, what are the most important design skills you have mastered over the years?
What was some of Jonathan Ive's earlier work before he came to Apple?
What would you like Tom Allen's proposed robot design to do?
Who makes the best designed mobile phones, in terms of hardware?
I'm not very good at drawing.  What software should I use for (physical) product design?
What are some of the most unusual bookcases?
What are some of the weirdest door handle designs?
What are the most creative mouse designs?
How can I apply graphics to the shell of a spherical helmet?
Are there any websites which collect all kinds of emerging innovative products?
What are the best trade shows for consumer products?
What's a good way to get a small custom electronic device designed and manufactured?
What are the positives and negatives of an "invite only" referral based signup process?
Which companies do a good job of describing technology in human terms?
What's your favourite piece of industrial design?
What are some of the most attention-holding products ever?
What would a new iPhone look like with no connectors?
What resources are useful for someone interested in product creation?
How would the design of the modern toilet be affected if we were to have tails?
I want to produce a small commodity object made entirely out of colored plastic/silicon. Where can I get this manufactured/molded and what data do I need to provide to the manufacturer?
Is there such thing as an anti-social designer?
What hinge mechanism is used in MacBooks which enables it to open display without lifting keyboard?
Where can I get some novelty hats designed, and then mass produced?
Why did Apple not include a lanyard and lanyard attachment hole on the iPhone?
Who are the best Industrial Designers in North America?
Do products designed in Germany tend to have user interfaces that are considered confusing by international standards?
Which tools do product designers use to design objects?
Where can I find information on designing (engineering) magazine springs?
What are some good books, articles, or other resources about Allied and Axis design philosophy during World War II?
Why aren't trucks designed aerodynamically?
What are some inventions or products that were considered crazy but turned out to be hugely successful?
Is there a website that matches someone with an idea to someone who can execute it?
Do mechanical engineers get royalties for designs that get commercialized?
Why are the positive and negative terminals of car batteries the same size and shape?
Why are the current MacBook Pros designed with the USB slots on the left, when most people who use a mouse are right handed?
For a wall thickness of less than 2 mm (which is generally more cost efficient for use in product design), is stamped stainless steel or molded high strength polymer (fiber reinforced and/or metallic inserts) preferable for a) short run (< 1000 parts) and b) continuous high volume production?
Was Steve Jobs right when he said that you shouldn’t ask potential customers or users what they want and that you should just build something based on your own sense of what makes a good product?
Why don't car manufacturers build in a fail safe to make sure there is enough battery to start the car?
Should businesscard holders have better functionality design?
In cycling, why is the so-called "geometry" of the frame so important?
How can I use a CPAP machine in a place without electrical outlets?
What are the most important features that a web crawler should support?
How would the new iPad be different if Steve Jobs were still alive?
How do I create a prototype for a household appliance?
What is the best way to approach a Product Design firm to arrange a studio visit?
If Terrry Richardson was to make a product, what would it be?
What is the current state of design in America?
Why do charcoal grills tend to be round, while gas grills tend to be rectangular?
Why did Apple put the volume buttons on the left-hand side of the iPhone 4 instead of on the right-hand side?
What are the general guidelines for designing interfaces to be used by multiple anonymous strangers?
How do car makers decide what side to put the gas tank on?
If Apple were to make the front of the iPhone all-screen, where would the home button go?
What is the coolest and most innovative DVD or Bluray package you've seen?
How did Lays decide to make Doritos in the shape of a triangle?
If I say "vulnerable" what words or images come to mind?
Is there a company that makes custom/tailor made guitars for $5000 or less?
Why aren't cameras made for left handers?
Packaging and Containers: How are milk bags better for the environment?
Why does it say "VALID ETC" when you pass through the FasTrak toll on the Bay Bridge?
Is the punt of a wine bottle related to quality?
Is it weird for a designer to want to go to grad school for psychology (Cognitive/Behavioral/Human Factors) instead of design?
What workflow metrics matter to designers and professional photographers?
Pages in books are white, they usually have a gray tint to them; why then are eBook readers on devices like iPhone or pads either white or sepia?
Can a new brand positioning turn around a declining brand in a declining category?
Why are audio speakers at the rear of most tablets, facing away from the user?
How do you get over the fear of applying for design jobs at your dream company?
What are the best pieces of advice for founders wanting to start companies that build physical products, given the current funding climate where incubators and accelerators seem to focus on web, mobile, and social companies?
What do the rest of the product and industrial designers in Silicon Valley think of Jonathan Ive's work?
Would it be possible to make (if they don't already exist) noise-canceling headphones that block out specific sounds?
Can we create a product as if it had a mood?
Which is the first button you press on your iPhone?
What are the best-designed, highest-quality task chairs for work for under $300?
Is IKEA's integrated TV a game changer? Is it a threat to manufacturers and retailers?
What are the hippest and best sounding small wooden active speakers with iphone input or wireless?
How would you measure user experience of physical packaging?
Kickstarter: How does an individual create a physical product?
What are some examples of beautiful single-piece solid-body product design?
What is the best way for a non-engineer to design and fabricate electr(on)ic devices?
What are some examples of products designed to be easily broken down or recycled at the end of their useful life?
What are the suggestions for a startup to come with a good product name, font, colour and logo design?
Why are the first four numbers of credit cards usually written twice?
What consequences will 3d printing have on those seeking a career in industrial design?
How do you identify latent customer needs?
How can trash cans be better designed?
Why are USB Sticks not designed so you more often put them in the right way up first time?
What home appliances should Apple make?
How are inflatable animals etc. designed and made?
How would an Integrated chat system (like XChat, Skype) in your MS Outlook look like?
Why did Apple choose a 3.5" screen for the iPhone?
Is there a name for this kind of design style?
What are the steps involved in manufacturing a household disinfectant spray?
Who is Jawbone's industrial designer?
Digital Home: Could the next iPad be waterproof?
Why are the cockpit markings of Boeing 787 in all-caps?
How should Netflix best include its customers in designing its future service?
Do I have to get a consent form signed to feature clients' work on my website?
If Jonathan Ive were to design a car, what would it look like?
Why are none of Apple's designers on the software side as popular or recognized as Jony Ive?
Which is a better platform to use to develop and promote a piece of consumer hardware: Quirky or Kickstarter?
Why were early camcorder activity indicator lights predominantly red?
Why don't we have more UI/UX folks?
Would a split bottle with two flavors of soda be a successful product?
Are product development and product management the same thing?
Why is there no TV remote with the ease of use of the iPod control?
Is it true that "customers don't know what they want until we've shown them," as Steve Jobs said?
Where can I find a video of SXSW 2008's "Blood, Sweat, and Fear: Great Design Hurts" panel?
At what point during a web platform development cycle should a startup get a graphic designer involved?
Did Steve Jobs have a special appreciation for the beauty of glass?
Is there any psychological/evolutionary explanation why people relate darker color spectrum (red, maroon, Pullman brown, black etc) to something plushy?
What are the different gadget/hardware startups or Industrial design focused startups in which an Industrial designer can collaborate and be part of the founding team?
What are good examples of devices in the home with a 'cloud' element accessible via web/mobile/TV?
Why do posts on Pinterest and SVPPLY skew more aspirational rather than functional?
What went wrong with Jawbone's UP?
What are some good examples of beautiful, highly-desirable products?
What are the best books, documentaries, or other resources about the Bauhaus movement?
How much does a CEO contribute to the creative processes of a company?
How does the design of the Deglon knife set influence its functionality and quality?
Why are cases that come with prescription glasses so ugly?
What are your favourite examples of product or furniture design?
What are the best product design companies?
Who are some good package designers for a new product?
Why does Apple not show keyboard shortcut symbols on the actual physical keys of their hardware?
What was the design process for the new Heinz ketchup packets and who was responsible for their development?
What are some features that would be beneficial for a website that sells video courses to users to foster organic growth?
What are some good examples of internet startups that have succeeded with a creative design focus rather than a technical one in terms of the founding team?
Who does retail product development for Quirky?
How do I make a label for a cylinder with a wider top than bottom?
How can I meet some of the top designers in Tokyo?
What products can be designed around the iPhone?
What is the most down-to-earth software for industrial design?
Is there a technology out there that allows me to take 2D images and convert to a 3D file?
What are the some of the best designed products of all time?
How could an instruction manual be redesigned to be more appealing?
What would be an appropiate froth factor to consider in a copper concentrate thickener underflow pump design?
What does it take to make a great Web product?
Will Pinterest eventually be able to handle pages where there is no detectable "image"?
What are the basic steps/framework involved in designing a product?
Who are the best Japanese designers?
Are classical proportions still valid in modern design?
What are some examples of products that represent a great idea poorly executed?
Is the design of this Scotch Magic™ Tape Dispenser misogynistic and/or anti-feminist? Why or why not?
When is the best time to make a user create an account?
What products seemed (and still seem) like a good idea, but failed commercially?
Why does choosing "get info" for multiple items in finder result in multiple info panes?
What are the usability principles behind the new  look of gmail?
What are some examples of consumer companies that have one single store?
What kind of data do you use to prioritize between features in the prototype/ ideation phase?
What are the practical applications of Sphero?
What web products are designed around creating an alter-ego?
What are the most frequent false beliefs in mechanical engineering and product design?
Why are microwave UIs generally ill-designed?
What is the process for  developing and readying a product for manufacturing?
What are the best ways to build beneficial relationships with SMEs, or subject matter experts?
Who did the industrial design for Lytro cameras?
What does a typical design internship at an established startup entail?
I'm designing and developing a product targeted at people aged 8-24. It's easy to get feedback from college students, but what are some smart ways to get user feedback from younger people?
Why are consumer electronic enclosures black?
What are some cool views to design an elevator of the future?
What have been the most influential innovative and revolutionary products of the past few years?
Who are the most respected hardware engineers and designers working in the industry today?
How much time and money goes into designing basic gear for US troops?
Why is Apple's MacBook's camera (iSight) indicator light green instead of red (or another color)?
What is the process for designing and finding the parts for a physical product such as eye glasses? Are there firms that do this, or can you crowdsource the process?
What items are designed to be used more than once but no more than four times (before failing or being spent)?
Kitchen Utensils and Accessories: How do I find a manufacturer to create a prototype for a design idea?
How was the shake weight design conceived?
What are some great books on developing business software products?
What is the best design for a hydroponics system made specifically for hanging-plants?
What are the most beautiful water spigot/faucet designs?
What are the best web services?
How long is the life of a double edged razor blade?
Is the ergonomics of Sony Tablet S an example of good design?
Which sites sell innovative products for home exercises?
Which customer service tools/portals/software have the best user experience?
How does the Sonicare Airfloss work?
What is a good master program for a non-technical serial entrepreneur?
What are some examples of Tang ina ka or product features that you didn't know you wanted until you had it?
What holes are being poked in the legacy of Steve Jobs after his passing?
Will Cradle to Cradle's design become mainstream in design of products and manufacturing systems in the next 3-5 years? Why?
What is the intention of Simple's logo? What is it trying to convey?
Why is there so much (unmet) demand from startups for product experience?
How are the responsibilities of the Product Manager distinct from those of the CEO?
Best Practices in UI Design: When is a search bar a better choice?
What inspires Rebekah Cox and other top designers?
Sound Design: What is the ideal warning tone to indicate that a vehicle's door is ajar?
What are the Pros and Cons of using corn plastics in electronic devices?
With what exemplar would you replace ''Volkswagen'' in the advertising slogan, ''If only everything in life was as reliable as a ...''?
What are the most popular applications used by interactive planners and producers?
Do internet startups focus too much on engineering and let design, marketing & business planning fall to the wayside?
What does a memorialized Facebook profile look like?
Is Canada 'design-unfriendly' compared to other developed countries?
How are the small labels attached to cases, trousers or shirts which contain a text or the company logo made?
Should a startup's launch date be made public?
What startup back-end dashboards are most simple, clear, and effective, and what makes them so?
How much does it cost Jawbone to manufacture an UP wristband?
Why do feed-based applications put their latest stories at the top of the application but SMS applications place latest texts at the bottom?
Where can I find an engineer to create a working prototype for a fairly simple non-electric plastic device?
Where do people start when designing new product?
Is Gmail's new design a step in the right direction?
How long should I schedule between starting outsourcing and product delivery?
What are your favourite web UI details or interactions aimed simply to delight?
If the top 100 Quorans started a company, what would they make?
What are some famous Japanese Product Design companies?
Are designers passionate about doing startup?
If we did not have the iPhone, what would have phones looked like?
Is there an equivalent of LiveView (screen mirroring to an iphone) on Windows?
What events do you track with your web analytics? and for what goals?
What hidden costs are there for Hardware Start-ups?
Product Marketing: Why have a flour kneader and automated chapati maker not become commonplace in North Indian households?
How do you prevent over-engineering?
What are typical design cycles for automobiles?
What are some of the more reputable visual design firms for consumer technology products?
Should the lead designer at a pre-launch, tech startup be allowed to do contract work if there's plenty to do at work?
Why is there one "Dropbox folder"?
Who are the most influential product designers of the past decade (software or hardware)?
What are good examples of timeless design?
Do GM and Ford represent the best of American automobile design? If not, what is holding them back?
What is the origin of the Greek cups from which New Yorkers drink coffee?
Who took the product photos on Square's site?
Why does clamshell packaging continue to be used?
Marcel Breuer: What's it like to sit in a Wassily chair?
What are the best examples of adapted user etiquette fostered (or forced) by product design decisions?
What products are the craziest you know? (That are fun or useful)
What production methods are available between Rapid Prototyping and large batch production?
What are the best examples of intuitive and simplified user segmentation management and reporting?
What are the differences, if any, between a machined stainless steel part and the same part 3D printed?
What was the design process like before the computer?
Should a design team consist of specialists that are great in one form of design or hybrids who can dabble in many areas?
What is the term for a person who single-handedly conceptualizes, designs, develops and markets a software product?
Why are product designers generally given the responsibility of product management and not the software developers?
Human Factors: What is the most ergonomic toilet design?
What is emotional design?
Ludwig Mies Van Der Rohe: What's it like to sit in a Barcelona chair?
What are the most common interaction design mistakes you see in your work?
What is the function of the design decisions behind Stormtrooper armor?
What are some good user interface design portfolios?
Which are the products which are not social yet successful?
What are good design clips/shorts to watch, across all disciplines?
Who wrote the Facebook Social Design Guidelines?
What urinal designs are most prone to splashing?
How did Peter Clark learn to think like a product designer?
Who designed the original "beach ball?"
Why hasn't plastic clamshell packaging been replaced or improved?
Which product designers inspire and inspired Rebekah Cox the most?
In a product development environment, is there a quick rule of thumb for the ratio of Product Engineers you should have per Product Designer?
What features would make Stack Overflow better?
Why are cigarette filters made with cellulose acetate instead of biodegradable cotton?
Who has good examples of designers/design-firms, with a strong self-initiating component? Take Charles and Ray Eames as example.
What are some of types of bikes and accessories you could design and create at a wholesale cost of $200 per bike?
Who made the decision at Apple to drop the serif on 'iBook'?
On the new Facebook Chat sidebar, why is the Search input field styled differently than all other inputs on the site?
Which major internet companies don't use both interaction designers and visual designers?
How are roles between product managers and designers divided at Google?
How did Steve Jobs as a manager / designer inspire his engineers to care so much about each and every detail in the product?
What Operating System do you use Siemens NX (Unigraphics) CAD software on?
Is anyone using Kansei engineering techniques for social network applications?
Is there a "beta culture" which is on the rise?
3D Printing: Are there websites similar to Thingiverse.com?
Who designed the artificial acceleration sounds in the Nissan LEAF, and how were they developed?
What are some new gamification mechanics that have the potential to supplement/disrupt the points and badges status quo?
What is the best resource or site for learning Product Market Fit?
Where can I find a good Industrial Design consultant, preferably around San Francisco?
What are the most creative introductory messages to a website/service?
What product development companies are a good fit for new inventions? I need one with an expertise (if possible) for garden products.
How can one improve one's design aesthetics?
What is a good example of consumer (web) design applied to an enterprise software product?
Why are shopping basket handles horizontal and not vertical?
What consumer appliances and electronics products are not designed nor built to last longer than three years?
What are some exceptionally well-designed physical products?
What is the title for someone who is both a web and product developer?
Why is Adobe Bridge mandatory in CS installations, and do most users use it?
What company operates the most efficient product development method? What is unique about the method?
Why does Square have two credit cards (Visa and Amex) that they display on their site?
Is there a reason sign up buttons tend to be on the right side of the home page?
How do you find a hardware engineer/designer to help bring a prototype to life?
What are some of the problems or annoying quirks that users face when using touch screen browsers such as those on Android or the iPad?
What are the best examples of gamification in a B2B product?
What are some self-cleaning products?
How do I change from development to product design or marketing in the IT industry?
What is the role of consumers in product innovation?
Does a product manager need to be in the same geographic location as their customers?
What is a good approach for product design interview questions?
What are the best pieces of advice for a design lead/manager?
What is a product configurator?
Do CEOs use their company's products?
How many product designers are at foursquare and who are they?
What prototype cars run using biomimicry/natural processes (e.g., breathing air, turning oxygen to CO2 or vice versa)?
What is it like to work at Ziba Design?
What's the best material for coffee cups?
How can I securely transport an open beer on a bicycle?
What is a good method to inject UX (User Experience) practices into a legacy development lifecycle?
Why did Apple change the design of the MagSafe adapter from the original to the L-Shape?
What casual wristwatch designs (men's or unisex) are considered classics?
Why aren't microwave oven power levels standardized?
What are some of the best products designed for left-handed people?
How important is customer feedback in deciding what product features you should build?
What notable products, media, or advertising received separate releases in Japan, the US, and Europe, with different product nuances adjusted to each area's cultural nuances?
Why is the Apple Magic Trackpad just a hair larger than the Apple Wireless Keyboard?
Why were most early PC towers beige?
What's the best online platform for product designer and their potential client?
What tools do product designers use to choose colors and fonts for web applications?
What modifications could be done to South-Pak's custom computer cases?
How should product visionaries stay realistic? Or should they be starry eyed?
What are good design films to watch, across all disciplines?
What is a fair compensation and benefits package (salary, equity, bonus, benefits, vacation and so on) for a Lead Designer joining a start-up in Silicon Valley?
What are the most ingenious objects moulded from a single piece of plastic?
What is the cheapest or fastest way to get feedback on an early mockup design?
What Apple products flopped?
Designers and engineers: what makes you collaborate better with one person over another?
What are the best color options for a PC tower's casing?
What are the journals for business innovation and creativity?
What consumer products show use/age/wear in a desirable, aesthetically pleasing way?
How do you make sure user experience is "in the room" when management talks about product strategy?
What are the benefits of the curved screen on a phone like the Nexus S?
How did Marc Newson make his first big leap from BFA to a credible Industrial Designer?
Is it possible to enter the Industrial Design field without an Industrial Design degree?
Is there a grid system for the iPhone similar to the 960px system?
What does the typical Whipsaw engagement look like for the development of a single product?
Would or should seat directions change in the design of fully autonomous vehicles?
How do I go about designing and manufacturing an accessory for the Xbox?
Is there a poll widget service that allows you to ask multiple questions in succession (like Crowdtap)?
What's the best way to help users discover and adopt to new features on mobile app?
What is the most ergonomic urinal design?
Did the designers of Google Maps take Trypophobia into account?
What is the rationale behind the starting default of three sheets in a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet?
Office Equipment: What is the best stacking chair design?
What are the most common oversights in web design?
How is the mirror finish achieved on stainless steel?
Where can one sell a concept-stage product and deliver it if a certain threshold is met?
Who proposes/designs new features on tech companies such as Facebook or Google?
Why are most consumer printers constructed with cheap materials?
What is the best way to find the right contacts for outsourcing to Asia?
What is the best chair design?
What should the next Yahoo CEO do to turn that company around?
Technology Standards: Why do projectors go blue when the signal is disconnected?
Which coffee/espresso machine has the best UI?
What real-world products have been either directly inspired by or anticipated by magical items that appear in Harry Potter?
To be a phenomenal UI/UX designer, what should you major in at Stanford: PD or CS?
Are "calls to action" demonstrably more effective than product descriptions  for the home page of a new web application?
Why hasn't James Dyson focused his amazing abilities of design and engineering to solve the problems of washers and dryers?
What to I have to keep in mind when designing graphics for zipped hoodies?
What is the most ergonomic ketchup bottle design?
How could the sports racquet be improved?
What would the easiest way to obtain the outer dimensions and exact curves of an object like an iPad so that they can be used in a CAD file?
What is the name of the practice of emphasizing one of a series of side-by-side service plans?
What are the pros and cons of using monochrome icons?
Minimalism: What are some great minimalist products?
What're the designs(objects, services, etc) that make your life better?
What's the name of the SF incubator that gives you access to tools for hard good development like C&C Machines & 3D Printers?
What is the term for the multiview drawings of consumer electronics used during the design process?
How can I get custom beer bottles made?
I'd like to create a new product. But I need first to design it with a draftmanshift company. Where should I begin? Where can I find one?
Who designed the adorable foursquare loading graphics?
Are physical products or computer software more reliable in general?
In what ways are the Stanford d.School and the MIT Media Lab similar or different?
How do you turn a product idea into your initial wireframes?
Who designed Square's packaging?
When do we get paper grocery bags with handles that don't rip off?
What is the key relationship between brand experience and interaction design? Who are the leaders in this interdisciplinary area?
Will Apple eliminate the headphone and dock connectors in future iPhone releases?
What are the best Twitter accounts about toy making?
What famous web sites are difficult to use?
Will a PhD in Mechanical Engineering hurt me when looking for product design jobs in industry?
What is wrong with Twitter's product design?
Have there been any visionary products in history designed by committee?
What is the best packagings ever made? and the worst?
What are some ways to optimize product design for people who are color blind?
Is retro pixel art considered "cool" or nerdy?
What could Microsoft do with the Zune brand?
Who are the highest paid designers of all time?
Do companies need designers who can code?
What is the design process called when you wrap an image around the corner of a product?
What are some of the most effective advertisements that have left striking results in revenue/sales?
What are the best examples of customer/brand co-creation?
Why does Apple refuse to design a sleek vertically adjustable stand for the iMac?
How should designers handle prospective clients with terrible logos?
What is the makeup of a typical UX team at Google?
What emerging cookware designers or brands are in the U.S.?
If Google has world class engineers and product managers, why have they recently struggled to build great products?
How should the concept of design be explained to technical people?
How would it be possible to engineer an umbrella, or another portable, rain-protecting device, to withstand the wind?
What makes a successful take-back program?
What are the main differences between different popular online dating sites?
Who came up with the key ideas and product vision in Google+?
Would someone share their experience as a startup bringing a product to market with a product development firm versus directly working with a mfg?
How would you market a guilty pleasure?
What is the most exciting product design research going on at Stanford in 2011?
Who is the lead designer for Nike Air Bakin 1998?
Where can I post screenshots of consumer web products I've built in a nice portfolio format?
Why doesn't Twitter sync notifications across its applications?
Other than Apple & Nike what companies have significant design patents?
What would the perfect UI/UX for Breaking News look like?
What are some UI design issues with Facebook?
Which 3D software is most appropriate for modelling consumer product designs?
Who invented the ballpoint pen?
When asked to do graphic design work, what processes do follow to come to your final artwork?
How would an engineer get into product design?
If I have the design of an object (or CAD) who do I contact to make it practical?
What are some good methods for testing web product "spidey sense"?
What are the best tools and practices for managing a product/feature pipeline?
Did sedan car windows become smaller and embrasure-like after the attacks of September 11, 2001?
How do you know a product is well-designed?
What's the most effective way to go from a mockup to a testable product?
Are there any great examples of the "search and select" UI design pattern?
Where can I find independent industrial designers?
What other movies talk about design similar to Objectified by Gary Hustwit?
How does the Senz Umbrella and ones like it withstand wind better than traditional designs?
Which studies support the notion that if people have "too many" choices, they choose nothing?
What would the perfect UI/UX for browsing large photo albums look like?
Where do I find a good product designer?
How do you become a product visionary?
What are some examples of widely adopted v1 consumer Internet products?
What's the best way to go about creating interactive prototypes for mobile apps?
What is the best Social CRM software in terms of features?
If you had a $1 million/unit budget to design the best baby stroller possible, what would it be?
What is an example of a transformative consumer product?
What are ways to design a product which is not online?
How would you define Concept Development?
What is the best piece of product design ever?
Why didn't Firefox implement multi-process architecture?
Can a Canadian web/ux/product designer get  a TN Visa under Graphic Design?
Who designed the first plastic chair?
What is the worst consumer product design convention used in every day life?
Based on initial traction and designs, which company will make the best electric car?
What do the best startup homepages have in common?
Why are there so many poorly designed products?
What is the best piece of design ever?
When will Kindle for Desktop support text to speech for India?
I have an idea for a product 3M might be interested in, how do I contact them?
What happens to the good old spreadsheet under the influence of emerging web 2.0 usability and design techniques?
Why do so many manufacturers use impossible-to-open packaging for their products?
What are recipes of addictive products like?
Where does one go to get help building a prototype for a non-technical device?
What are some of the worst products designed on U.K version of The Apprentice?
Industrial Design: How thin will smartphones go between the current thickness and paper-thin?
What are some UX best practices for user account cancellation?
How can one become a theme park (experience) designer?
Can product, service innovation change, drive social networks vs social networks drive innovation?
If you were to create an expert advisory board for the revision of a Uni's industrial design/engineering curriculum, who would you include, why?
Why are liquor bottles 1 litre in the US? In Canada, they are still 40oz.
What is the optimal material (plastic) for production of small boxes for various kinds of medical pills?
Is there an association or organized group for design strategy in Shanghai?
What is the role of a product designer?
I'm a startup product manager. How should I handle feature requests and ideas from VC investors in our company?
What products took WAY too long to be invented?
What should be the approach in making a device which identifies components of an image?
Which non-Google web products use j/k as keyboard shortcuts for navigation?
Is there a design school based on the principles of Design Thinking in Spain?
If building a platform is API the only way to allow other services to access the platform?
What is the point of warranties on products that cost several dollars?
Why don't TVs have a feature to find the remote control?
I'm 31, is it convenient for a Java developer in Italy to start a product design university classes?
Who are DesignMyIdea.com's (Invention Design & Product Development) competitors?
How can design thinking be applied to solving world problems (poverty, energy scarcity, water shortage, etc)?
What makes a product feel/look expensive?
What are some non-obvious things to do when onboarding new users of a web app?
Is there a screen printing company that specializes in making framed silkscreen stencils, instead of doing the actual printing?
For a web based product, what are some great tools for managing specifications documents including wireframes, designs, userflows?
Do beautiful 3D icons affect the speed, performance or scalability of a site?
Are there any working designers over 45, who are not founders of their company, and what are they working on?
Why is milk bagged in Canada but not in the US?
What are some examples of massively collaborative product design?
What is the easiest way for an amateur to design and produce household electronics?
What are some examples for companies that succeeded thanks to excellent product management (apart from Apple)?
Who are the best product product designers in history?
What are the key assets of IBM?
Who designed yobongo?
What are some possible applications for graphene, the next "miracle material," to improve cycling components and frames?
What is the primary difference between a product designer and an interaction designer?
What is test-based product design?
Is there any usability research on the quickview / quickshop functionality found on e-commerce sites?
Is Jason Calacanis right when he says "launching an elegantly simple product that confuses people is visionary"?
Which UK trade union best represents designers – PCS, Unite, BECTU, CWU? Is a new body required?
Which design studio(s) should I visit during the SF Design Week?
Does using the golden ratio make for better design in products?
What are some good examples of everyday great design?
What products are no longer on the market but should be?
If a company get lots of hype, but on launch day it flops and 90% of people who use it find it not useful, should the company shut down the product until it's ready?
How granular should a Product Manager's product be?
Why are the insides of toilet bowls not coated in Teflon?
What is the ideal career path for an interaction designer?
What would it take to replace the wasteful (and somewhat dangerous) design that is the lightbulb socket?
What will happen if each Quora question would get its own embedded code?
Can the film production process teach the agile world how to make software?
Where can I find creative desk designs in Canada or the US (not Ikea)?
What are some example use cases of Groupon (company) Now, the recently released real-time, location-enabled deal feature?
What skills does it take to become a top co-founding designer at a startup?
Are software engineer and product designer different roles?
What is the most ironic consumer product?
Who is ethically wronged when company representatives purchase original designs as independent buyers, and then have their company reproduce those products en masse?
How does Quora deal with free-form tags?
Where can I find the average design cycles of products to be innovated?
What plastic has a quality or 'feel' superior to that of precision molded and finished metal?
Why doesn't the iPod have a stop (■) button?
What are the guidelines to write a clear and precise Product document/Specification?
How does Instagram choose names for their filters?
What are some of the most fundamental skills of a web product designer?
How hard would it be to design a user-friendly shower faucet?
What are the pros of cons of getting UL certification for an electronic product?
What is the best way to manage expectations after you launch an alpha?
What kind of tests are done on urinals?
What's the best product design consultancy in Spain?
How are university-level HCI courses beneficial to future product designers?
What is the best contact lens case design?
What is the correct terminology to describe a start-up that relies on tangible product?
How long did Apple TV packaging take to design?
We are creating new interactive printed promotional material work harder.  What would be a good term for this product?
What does Amazon's website Product Development process look like?
What is the best program to virtually design product prototypes?
How do I figure out what info and disclaimers need to be on the packaging for a children's toy?
What are the best designed flight status and trip planning iPhone applications?
Is there more design talent in Brazil or Argentina?
Can my product be highly opinionated, or should I conform to user demands?
What are some examples of creative design contests?
Does the growing practice of disabling the pinch-zoom capability on mobile websites help or hurt the user experience?
What material is the incase slider case made out of?
What is a good book for a product manager to read in order to understand web technologies, such as internet protocols, TCP/IP, HTTP, markup languages, AJAX, js libs?
What are the ugliest shoes Nike has ever designed?
Does anyone design products or interactions based solely on gender anymore?
Which are the best sites for buying custom skins for my MacBook pro?
What is the best New Product Development consultancy in Madrid, Spain?
Is there a social network for product design and/or industrial design?
Is there a trick for easily (and accurately) determining the radius of a fillet/round without a radius gauge?
Where is it possible to get samples of materials for Industrial Design?
How can you use video as a design tool?
Why aren't steering wheels placed in the center of a car?
Is creativity important in engineering?
Why did Facebook change the status update text box to require hitting 'Status' before posting?
Why might service design be being excluded from design kick off meetings and strategy planning?
What is the Facebook process to develop a product?
What are the best observation and interviewing methodologies to start a user-centered design process?
How can 3D game technology be used to design better products for consumers?
"If you can't find a product to buy on a website - you are the product" - is it an accurate quote and who is the source?
Which companies rank as Global Top 5 in design of end user experience?
What are some examples of eye catching email marketing campaigns?
What companies do a good job of differentiating the products in their suite online?
What are notable firms in San Francisco that do both interaction and industrial design?
What books should product designers read?
If one concept from cognitive psychology is applied to product development what should it be?
What are the ways to add value to products and services?
Which ecommerce sites have the most visually stimulating and/or enticing user experience?
Is there a mobile Twitter client that can automatically cache linked webpages?
What are the best practices and useful tools for conducting an affinity diagramming activity among distributed design team members?
What are the best ways to monetize a toolbar on a browser?
When writing copy for a new web based product or service, is it better to be subtle, or explicit?
What formerly ubiquitous products/services are still missed?
What is the best design for a button on a webpage that is optimized for having the user try a new service/product?
Non-Disclosure Agreements: How long is an NDA valid?
Do mainstream internet users understand what it means to "follow" something on a website?
How important is going with your gut in product development?
What metal finish would look best on sunglasses?
What products would we have/not have if humans evolved with only 8 fingers?
What is the process for getting a licensing contract for a new product idea?
What are the best 27" to 30" monitors to consider for a product designer?
In a two person team, should one person be in charge of the features and product strategy?
What features would the ideal news reader have?
What do prototypes prototype?
Who are the best product management & product development people in New York?
Who are the best product managers in Philadelphia?
Can you give me advice on a way to engineer a type of "face plate" for a device that can be interchanged easily, cheaply, and often?
How many eggs did Tefal test, to design the perfect cooking time for the Tefal Egg'n'toaster?
Why is there a hole at the top end of a Chupa Chups stick?
How involved should consumers be in product development decision-making?
What's the difference between product design and visual design in a web app context?
Can user-led innovation create breakthroughs?
How do I source a vendor for design and manufacturing of a toy in China?
What is the difference between structure and form in IxD?
What is the most elegant share-by-email widget you've seen?
What does one do if he has many ideas for products and companies but lacks technical skills to make it happen?
What conferences do product managers go to?
Who designed Apple's iPad 2 Smart Cover?
What software packages do aerospace engineers use on a day-to-day basis?
Which design institutes are worth joining apart from NID and IDC IIT Bombay?
What are good approaches to integrate product design with sustainable operations?
How do I write good business requirements for a software product?
What is the best method to test the effectiveness of a wine bottle label's design?
Is Quora appropriate to connect companies with creative people (thinkers, solvers)?
What websites do a good job of quickly communicating the value of a new kind of service?
What tools exist for tracking design evolution?
Are unfocus group more efficient to design a disruptive innovation than focus group?
What's the best way to create a dead simple product explanation video?
Why is Quicken Online's stated support for different browsers so limited?
When do you choose to use "Like" versus "Thumbs up or down"?
Why is Quora's "share" option slightly hidden?
What startup homepages are most simple, clear, and effective, and what makes them so?
What is the role of play in design?
Metallurgy: What are the applications for liquid metals?
How was the process of Aza Raskin learning about HCI from his father Jef?
What are the top 3 start-up product design firms in New York City?
Why is MySpace ugly?
Is divergent thinking an effective approach in product design?
What Zen-like meditative process does Apple designer Jonathan Ive use to refine his ideas to the minimum?
What product designers in Silicon Valley and related companies have written answers on Quora?
What are examples of affordances?
What are some good examples of brands whose older product versions were better than their newer versions?
Will there be another radical redesign of phone form factor or UI? Possibilities?
Who should you invite to try your product in alpha?
Who is the designer of the spinning top totem in the movie Inception?
Has stackoverflow.com's theme affected the Quora founders' vision for this website? If so, how?
What is a VERY easy to use digital camera?
How will we get Augmented information about a person without offense?
What are the differences between UX, Interaction, UI and graphic/visual designers? Are these distinctions helpful or damaging to our field?
Which recent products or services have affected lifestyle in profound way?
What product features would a better Facebook have?
Which crucial features TED.com is missing?
Which angel investors invest in consumer product startups focused on sustainability and good design?
Who are the best UI/UX designers in Brazil?
What is bodystorming?
About which product you can comfortably say that it has completely evolved?
What are some B2B viral strategies?
What role does design play in the Y Combinator process?
If execution is everything, what terrible ideas have been successful due to great execution?
Do you still believe in user-centered design?
Who designed the first trench coats?
How does your tech startup handle product development?
What products or services have an underlying philosophy?
What are some venues to search for a great product designer to join an early stage startup?
Is it a good idea to restrict online users to massively follow other people on Quora and Twitter?
Why hasn't McDonald's changed the shape of their French Fry containers since the mid 1980's?
Product Design: Product Marketing vs. Engineering. Who's in Charge?
What are the basic principles of NUI (Natural User Interface) design?
What is the best way to ask for your client's target audience?
Is it possible and how effective would it be to issue equity with a purchase of a product in order to promote brand loyalty?
What design consultancies (e.g., IDEO) work on health-related projects?
What are some top signs that an interaction designer does not know what they are talking about?
What makes something sexy?
What are three essential design portfolio components for young designers?
In terms of strategy and setting a roadmap, what is the best way to plan a trade off between features and sustainable development, product design and user retention?
What analytics tools track Ajax events?
What is the origin of the vitamin/aspirin metaphor in product design, sales and marketing?
Does Quora use Gamification? How?
What are the best examples of original digital camera body design?
Who is the best surf and skate clothing designer?
Is having a Master of Design degree useful / worthwhile?
What makes a perfect product?
Which ecommerce sites have the most value adding product features and shopping functionality?
Who does aluminium tin foil printing in the UK?
Industrial Design: How resistant is iPad (and other tablets) to shock/impact, bending forces and other mechanical mishaps?
Who are the best female product managers working in tech?
Is community-derived design (ie OpenIDEO, Local Motors, Quirky) better than traditional design processes? Why or why not?
Is Facebook a good place to be a product designer as of early 2011?
What is the best implementation for a non network-effect website to encourage a new user to share the site and why?
What are some open source or inexpensive collaborative use case tools?
What is the best tool/best- practices to capture UI requirements?  In our company the UI screens change while we are in development and before we release the software. The challenges we have 1. Highlight the changes (like view diff functionality) 2. Maintain the final version, so that there is a single source of truth 3. Multiple screens have something common in them. Change in the common component, need us to change all the screens that contain the component. It would be nice to have the change made once and have the changes reflect in all the screens concerned.
How is design used as a powerful weapon of seduction today?
How would you document a web application like Gmail?
How can Amazon's home page be improved?
Why do people find Foursquare engaging?
What strategic role does sales play in product design and development?
Why people love certain websites and web products?
What products have the best in-context or image based getting started guides?
What frameworks, strategies, or tools exist to guide, trace, or enable idea formulation, and design evolution?
What are the alternatives to planned obsolescence?
Why are so many design schools still teaching toward mass production when the ubiquity of 3D printing and manufacture-on-demand is inevitable?
What are some examples of good designs with a scalable user experience framework?
Did Steve Jobs conceive of the iPhone and iPad?
Are there any other design methodologies beside user-centered design?
What's the best way to organize digital download products?
Why do a lot of websites have similar carousel designs?
What are the best online tools for storyboarding a website?
Why do people find Instagram engaging?
What is the best way to source the design and manufacturing of a physical product?
Is there any way of homogeneously coloring sheet metal?
What is the policy and position of Chinese government in regards to bandit factories and shanzhai products made in China?
What is the product design approach/element called where links are removed from the page in order to focus the user on what you want them to do?
What do people think of Chirply?
Why are there no basic or scientific calculators with more than two lines of display output?
How much user testing do companies like Canon and Nikon do for their professional DSLR cameras?
What's the difference in deliverables between product management and design?
What should people interested in Product Design read or watch?
Nanotechnology: What are some compelling consumer nanomaterials in production currently?
What are the best books or articles on brainstorming methods?
Why is aluminum foil shiny on one side, and not the other?
Are tags and tagging a mainstream/universally understood web product feature yet?
Should websites have usernames or ask users to use their real names?
What are some examples of technical products built by 'non-technical' people?
What are the pros and cons of using a styrofoam cup versus a plastic one?
What's the best icon for a 'Like' action: Thumbs-up, Star or Heart?
Is the TRIZ (theory of inventing problem solving) theory powerful to innovate? Which companies use it?
What technologies are used by Unbounce (http://unbounce.com) for their landing page and form creation?
What are the most efficient creative tools used in product or service development?
What is the ideal zero-doc state for applications?
How does Apple iterate hardware product development differently from its competitors?
Can a website with only slightly better features get users to switch from one they're already using?
Is it better to have a PRD or a functional mock up?
How do you design to satisfy your market if it is for women?
What advice would you give to a recent Product/Industrial Design graduate?
Consumer Products and Services: Why hasn't the fountain pen made a substantial comeback since the disappearance of carbon copies?
What are the best books on UX/UI in Chinese?
Who are the best product managers in Los Angeles?
What are the most innovative and unique sites in terms of visual presentation of user generated content (photos, videos, text or other media)?
Who designs the American Express credit cards?
What is your favorite example of an anthropomorphic object or product?
Why didn't the Amazon Kindle use page numbers for easier navigation?
Why do car manufacturers put the gas tank filler on different sides?
Which are the world's best design agencies and why?
Who should oversee creative decisions – product and marketing – in a startup?
How does Facebook iterate upon its designs?
How do you monetize the "whales" in social games?
Is there a good website for finding design jobs in Denmark?
How does The Science Channel achieve such amazing color design?
How can comments on public pages be made useful using product design?
Why doesn't Apple make a wireless keyboard with a numeric keypad?
Are companies who only hire designers who are also programmers missing out on better designers?
Why aren't toothbrushes double-sided?
How does nostalgia influence design? Is it a good thing?
Which apps have the calendar as an integral part of the UI?
What are the advantages of working with a product design agency rather than keeping it in-house?
Do any sites have an invite your friends section on their splash/landing page?
What artificial limitations have online services placed on user generated content? Have these made the services better or worse?
When you swipe a square card, how do you know if the credit card is valid?
What were the most interesting product features launched in 2010 by an existing tech service or product?
Why are there no consumer alarm clocks with a numeric key pad?
What is the best conference for social product designers to attend?
What challenges do Kinect engineers face?
How could Facebook establish a presence in the real world to build upon its online success?
Would it be possible to design a pizza box in which a pizza never gets cold?
What are the best design companies in Berlin  Germany?
Who has the best blank-slate screens?
Has there been backlash from the usage the "Thumbs Up" icon from Facebook users in countries where that sign is culturally offensive?
Why was World of Warcraft more successful than other MMOs?
How do we create simple and minimalist products? Any guiding principles?
What is a "day in the life" of a product designer?
Which startups in San Francisco Bay Area are looking for people that are not engineers?
What are the essential parts of a strong UX plan?
How do you prevent your knowledge of competitor products influencing your own designs?
Is there a reason why some websites are so busy?
What is the best overall design team in Silicon Valley, and why?
Why do they still make toothbrushes that, when placed flat, fall to one side or the other?
Is buying a design team the solution for RIM (maker of Blackberry)?
Do app makers create their own sound effect, or do they use stock sound effects they get somewhere else?
What is the purpose of temperature knobs by the vents in a BMW?
What is the best way to build a fast, scalable instant messaging (IM) bot?
What does excellent user experience mean?
What kind of state is something in when it has some of these properties: straight, uniform, flat, smooth, upright, linear, homogenous, boxed?
Can The Noun Project's icons be freely used for commercial purposes?
How does one teach themselves product design and/or industrial design?
What are the advantages of having user pictures on the right side of some Quora feed items?
What tools or approaches are most effective at collecting user feedback for a consumer website?
What are the seminal works on creating good User Interfaces (as opposed to popular contemporary works)?
Is the cautic method powerful to study the acceptance and adoption of an innovation ?
Will the new Posterous Groups app compete with Facebook Groups, Yammer, GroupMe, Google Groups or Yahoo Groups?
How can one get a junior product development position?
What websites do a great job supporting the curation of content from experts or "tastemakers"?
Is the new iTunes icon "too round"? How was it designed? Is it fatally flawed?
Where can I find good designers of games like World of Warcraft or Second Life?
What does me2everyone.com need to do to hit the 1 million member mark?
What can one do to help marketing, product, and tech teams collaborate earlier and more often?
What e-commerce sites provide visual exploratory ways to browse wares?
What is the best way to build a product configurator?
What is the origin of BMW's grill design?
What are great resources on how to turn ideas into product specs?
What are the worst smartphones and why?
How do you manage constantly changing UI requirements?
What questions should one ask oneself on a regular basis to make one's product better?
What topic(s) should the next great UX/IxD/UI design book address?
What part of the B2B market is ripe for disruption?
Why is Evan Falchuk?
Is Dyson "Bladeless" Fan an evolutionary product or a revolutionary one?
Is there a way to implement infinite scrolling in a way that works with the back button?
Was the Path launch successful?
What is the most serious usability issue ever created due to a technical limitation?
Is there a mobile equivalent to UserVoice or GetSatisfaction?
How is user experience design for luxury products different from other products?
What do designers think about character limits as a design feature?
What are the first three things you do when starting on a new design problem?
Are the Apple Human Interface Guidelines still relevant?
How does one convert a complex shape (such as a car or airplane surface or boat hull) into a functional space with purpose?
Which successful mass market websites are designed with a dark background color/graphics?
What does a Principal Designer do?
How much of designing user experiences is intuitive vs. formal convention?
Who are the top 5 web product designers in Israel?
If you could take a world tour of design agencies/design groups, which ones would they be and why?
What does a product design team do after finishing a big project?
Who are all the product managers on Quora?
How did Aeron chairs become the de facto office chair?
What makes a design "mass-friendly"?
What are the high level steps to bring a manufactured consumer good to market?
Why has Facebook done such a better job scaling than Twitter?
Which is better: "Follow" or "Connect / Add as a Friend"?
What parallels can be made between design patterns for luxury goods vs. children and the elderly?
How do you develop, design, and sell a product (or service) unlike anything else on the market?
Where should a student who is aiming to become a User Experience Designer(/Product Designer/Interaction Designer) apply?
Is it more important to focus on core product features and make it perfect, or get it to where it's good and add more features?
With Google bent on making UI layers like HTC Sense and Motoblur "pointless" with their new "Honeycomb" release, how will handset makers differentiate their Android offering?
What are some examples of excellently-designed comparison shopping sites?
Is the Concept-Knowledge (C-K) design theory powerful to innovate? Which companies use it?
What emergent  behaviors on Quora have become actual features?
Can a product manager be effective without product design skills?
Are there any Bay Area professionals interested in joining a Product Design guild?
What websites do the best job encouraging social interaction by users?
What are the top news sources for professionals in the design industry?
What product design changes would make Formspring significantly more usable, engaging and viral?
What is the best ratings mechanic and why?
How do product managers generally write their specs? What are some good techniques?
Why does Apple require users to connect new iPads to a computer?
Percentage wise, how much do production costs drop per year once a product is released into the market?
Should we make users verify their email address before they are given full access to the site?
What is the best book on product strategy?
What was the initial reaction when development of Gmail was first announced internally?
Are truly ergonomic chairs engineered to be better for the body, or designed to be better for the body? How much of their build is actually applied science?
What is the difference between product design and industrial design?
What do you think are the best three web applications, and why?
Which popular products can be improved?
What are some of the best tools or programs to keep bugs and features organized at a startup?
Is a smart way to develop long-term business strategy to envision how the product would be of real usefulness a few years out then work backwards to see what you need to build first and so on?
What is the end-to-end capability set that defines "personalization" from a vendor and technology perspective?
What do people in Product Strategy roles at consumer Internet companies do?
What are some hot new sites a product manager should know about?
What are some possible applications that neo4j will allow for that weren't remotely available with other databases?
As an entrepreneur, how do you identify a need for a new software product aimed at the enterprise customer?
What are the best design schools in the US?
What's the best method for deciding on product features?
What is the difference between a user interface engineer and a user experience designer?
Why are the Danish and Dutch such awesome product designers?
What are examples of what's possible using Omni Graffle?
What are the pros and cons of using Adobe Fireworks versus Photoshop for web product design?
What are some of the most respected educational resources (blogs etc.) on design (product/UI/UX)? Can book / courses recommendations would also be very helpful?
For a site with social features that allow non-users to browse content (e.g., Yelp, YouTube) will you get better conversions by prompting a user to create an account immediately when they click the "Comment" or "Write a review" button, or waiting until they type the comment and prompting when they click "submit"?
Why do a fan's speed settings go Off-High-Medium-Low?
People think that when Quora gets big, the quality of the site will go down. How will it prevent this?
How does Pixelmator.com stack up to Photoshop and/or Fireworks?
Which industrial designers will enter into a revenue sharing agreement for a new product idea?
Who led the latest re-design of Flickr?
Is Jakob Nielsen of UseIt.com relevant today? Why or why not?
What is a "product innovator"?
How do people perceive the Harman Kardon brand?
What is the business case for building iPad and Android tablet applications on HTML5?
Should user interface engineers be paid more than back end engineers? Why or why not?
Why is the fuel compartment in a lighter divided into two parts except for a very narrow gap at the top?
What is the best designed Ringtone Maker app for the iPhone?
If my startup has great engineers and designers, why do I need product managers?
How can I get started in industrial/product design as a hobbyist and self-learner?
How can I be a good web product designer?
What are the best designed social products on the web?
What advice would you give out those wanting to be great Product Managers?
Who are the best, most inspiring speakers on (digital) product design (also product management)?
Why doesn't TechCrunch simply link all the titles of their stories to quality questions on Quora?
As a first time entrepreneur, were you able to balance a day job with starting a new company? How?
When is it better to target a site for some specific use or vertical, and when is it better to make a site that doesn't presuppose some specific use?
When is the best time to start optimizing for user experience while developing an app?  (not including designing specs)
Twitter.com 2010 Redesign: What changes do people like about #newTwitter?
What was the step that Twitter added to its new user flow that caused a >20% increase in conversion?
What are some of the most interesting System-On-Chip based products?
What is the best technology to use for a new browser-based videoconferencing application?
Can product designers have a role in creating products that do not necessarily have a visual front-end?
What process do helmet makers, like Nutcase, use to paint their helmets to make them look glossy?
What is the best way to get Yves Béhar to do design work for your startup?
Who are the best product designers in Boston?
What is the definition of UX?
Is it possible to build an umbrella that uses air as the dome?
Why don't cereal liner bags have ziplock tops?
What CAD-type software for doing product sketchups would you recommend to someone with no experience?
In the new Gmail UI, what would be the reason for making the color of label links black instead of blue?
What strategic success factors can be identified in product development?
What is some advice for teen founders?
What things can you do to challenge yourself to be a better designer?
Is it better to have users sign in with an app specific login/password or with Facebook Connect or a Twitter account?
What are some innovative or original products that have come out of China?
When would designers be open to collaborating with customers?
What university programs produce the best interaction designers?
Is it foolish to build a new product using Flash?
What does a lead product developer do?
Does Marissa Mayer have taste?
What product design changes would make Delicious significantly more usable, engaging and viral?
What are some examples of wonderfully designed ecommerce sites?
In Mike Tyson's Punch-Out‼ for NES (Nintendo), why is Little Mac wearing a pink suit when he's jogging?
Are threaded comments a difficult engineering challenge or more of a user experience concern?
How do designers deal with feeling overwhelmed with a project?
How does the Apple product design process work?
What are the best products (both in terms of design & function) you've bought/used recently and would recommend to others? Why? 
What does having a "clear vision" of a product mean in practice?
When did web designers start calling themselves product designers?
How aggressive is Google being to prevent non-engineers from leaving to Facebook/Twitter?
What do people think of the latest re-design of Flickr?
What was the reason behind Linkedin's changes to the groups and contacts interfaces?
What are the best freelance communities and/or online resources for product designers?
Should someone feel comfortable calling themselves a "product innovator" publicly?
How well has the quirky.com iPad case "Cloak" sold?
Which is better to work for in a product management, product marketing or product design role, Google or Facebook?  Why?
What will Mabel Chong create next?
How can one gain skill at web product design?
What are examples of web software devolving due to scale?
What's the reasoning behind the design of foursquare 2.0?
If you have to pick between a man or a woman to build a new company around, which would you pick and why?
What are good examples of websites that balance between a clean, minimalist design (such as Quora) and a rich, high-fidelity and life-like aesthetic (ala Apple iPad/iPhone UI)?
What are some favorite design communities?
Is it possible to build a SMS-based Yelp where users post reviews via text, which then map to user and company profiles? Is WordPress fit for this?
Is there a site like Dribbble for product design?
How did Buckminster Fuller think?
When is a website a product?
Who would you consider to be the most innovative retail product companies alongside Apple?
What are some ways to make a people search/discovery tool actually useful?
Why aren't women's public bathrooms built with higher capacity?
Any examples of iPhone apps that use the coverflow view well for something other than, well, coverflow?
How can companies go about finding product visionaries?
What product design changes would make any given popular consumer Internet website significantly more usable, engaging and viral?
"If there isn't a product for it already, it's probably because there just isn't a need" is widely true, most products are incremental improvements over existing products.  What are examples of products that satisfied a need not partially met by already existing products?
Does elegant.ly allow you to sign up as a designer and an employer?
What technology - excluding Flash - can be used for browser-based P2P video conferencing?
How are product teams at Facebook structured?
Where are screenshots by designers of possible alternative designs for the Google search results page?
What is the best place to find good data visualization UI designers?
Should game designers be able to build what they design?
How does the concept of product market fit apply to non-utility services?
What are the best graphic design schools?
Should an architect know how to construct a building?
What are the color codes for the most beautiful color shades?
Is Facebook well-designed?
How could you make an informed guess on the amount of food saved by converting cereal liner bags to zip locked bags?
What are the job functions of software product designers?
Twitter.com 2010 Redesign: What things don't people like about #newTwitter?
Does being trained in industrial design actually help you come up with better product ideas?
What is product quality?
What is Facebook's design philosophy, and does it include designing for power users?
What are some of the challenges service companies face when transitioning to a new product focus?
How should a startup find and incent a first-rate product designer?
What are the best resources for learning about design for extreme affordability?
What is the optimal work environment for designers?
What's the most interesting patent originating from Silicon Valley?
What companies would most benefit from having a product visionary come on board?
Which consumer product is the best-designed?
How do you make a button a darker shade towards the bottom?
If the product you're currently building is impossible to achieve due to technical (and mathematical) limitations, is the following a reasonable strategy to proceed?
How do designers typically create a horizontal list of links with CSS?
What does the ideal web Product Design team look like?
How can you tell how if a designer is good when looking at their websites and portfolio?
When a product is labeled "beta," what effect does that have on your perception and/or use of that product? 
What is the best tennis ball machine?
What was Dieter Rams' finest creation?
What are some unique aspects of design one should understand when doing web / product design in China vs. in the US market?
What does the new Google background images feature tell you about the state of UI innovation in search at Google?
What might some good ways be of designing a site to tackle the hiring problem?
What is the definition of lasting quality content?
Why aren't product bugs resolved during beta and dogfooding before the products are released to the general public?
Why shouldn't the VP Product and the VP Engineering be the same person?
What are the important things about Quora's onboarding process?
Who are notable industrial designers?
What's the ultimate consumer product design classic?
What are the difficulties of transitioning from a corporate design job to a startup design job?
Who designed the Apple MobileMe beta?
What are the pros and cons of using pagination in feed display vs. an Ajax-based "more" button as on Twitter and Quora?
When iterating on a product, what's the most effective way to quickly get good user feedback?
Is Quora's greatness more a result of great engineering or great product decisions?
Which web products have the best bookmarklet implementations?
Should websites make users register before or after they write a comment?
Is it legal to blatantly mirror another site's user interface for one's own unrelated Web property?
What was the "moment" that got you hooked on Quora?
What does the user revolt regarding the addition of the background images on Google.com tell the Bing design team?
How can people working at Facebook now learn a lot about product?  What roles?
How do I present and attribute the work in my design portfolio that I designed, but had other people change, revise, or add to?  How do I talk about that work during a job interview?
What is your biggest PC hardware design pet peeve?
What are the most exciting new companies pushing the envelope with respect to product design?
What's the closest modern approximation of Dieter Ram's wall mounted sound system?
Why was the "Random Play" option on Facebook removed?
What is the best tool for product managers to write specs and do basic UI design for developers?
In the modern world of technology, what services, offerings, or products are still lacking?
Are there any good examples of the "appointment (farming)" game mechanic applied to web services?
Is it better to have users sign in with their email address or a username they select?
Have persistent browsing sessions ever been implemented in web apps?
Which web products have both: a) employed deeply integrated gaming mechanisms and b) successfully built lasting quality content?
How are cars designed?
How do I recruit prospective customers to shadow as a part of a  user-centered design approach?
What does onboarding mean?
What is the relationship like between designers and product managers?
What are your thought processes when designing the UI of a consumer web app?
What were some of the best 2010 April Fool's Day jokes?
How much is the tagging people feature used in status updates on Facebook?
For a web startup company, is it worth putting an amazing designer on payroll when there are so many web design firms that can do the job?
Who designed the new Xbox 360 launched at E3 2010 ?
Why doesn't Microsoft improve the Microsoft Office for Mac product?
What are the best job boards for product designers?
What are the best tools for writing product specifications and design documents and why?
What are some great ways to get beta testers for new software?
If a startup thinks they've found product market fit, how do they assess the size of the market in order to decide if they want to focus there or want to pivot to a bigger market?
What are some big Facebook (product) design pet peeves?
Typically what percentage of the features that a consumer internet startup is working on are ones that the team has recently thought of, and what percentage are ones that have been on the product roadmap for months or years?
What are the best startups to join for a product designer role?
What are the best videos online or offline to learn more about interaction/product design for the web?
Why did Facebook remove the feature for students to add their classes to their profile?
Why does the iPad refresh webpages so frequently?
What defines product market fit (PMF) for a consumer Internet product?
Is there a good website for interaction design credit by agency / individual?
What is the state of LinkedIn's current redesign?
How do you decide when to build obviously useful (but more incremental) features versus risky "big bet" features?
What is the state of product at Twitter?
What happened to the "Random Play" option in Facebook?
What was the most interesting thing you learned at SXSW this year?
What are the properties of a strong product design portfolio?
The web has gotten so complicated. What is the best way to sift through all of these tools with wacky names and build a decent web app?
What are the best practices for designing a bookmarklet?
Which people are considered the authorities on software design? 
Do ionic toothbrushes actually work?
If I want to go into design, but don't have a design background, how would I start?
Is it necessary that interaction designers have either aesthetic or artistic talent?
Has there been anything new (and great) in clipboard design?
How do you decide what features to implement in your product?
Are there any Silicon Valley/SF meetups for local designers to get together to share ideas and network?
What are the best books that are indirectly about product design?
What are the best practices and tools for creating functional specifications for a products user interfaces and flows?
How does product design for websites account for different types of users with different styles of interaction?
What are some of the biggest Mac OS X design pet peeves?
Should a product/service be useful or fun?
Designers: Which job title would you respond to most in a job ad: information architect, interaction designer, or user experience designer? Why?
Gamification: What playful solutions are there to serious problems?
What do people think of Kindle's new "popular highlights" feature?
Should product managers be able to build the products they manage?
What constitutes a 'delightful' user interface?
What are Dieter Rams' principles of good design?
What are the best to-do list applications for iPhone? Why?
What is the most important thing young product designers can do to improve their chances of getting a job?
Who are the top industrial designers?
How do I go about designing and manufacturing a household product?
Why do headphone manufacturers obscure the "L" and "R" labels so much?
What are the best design firms to work for?
Is it a recommended practice to show user online status for a Q&A sites, like Quora?
What are one word differentiators which you can apply to product interfaces across a company?
What other applications have "follow-up questions"?
How do you differentiate between a good product designer and a good visual designer?
How can I learn to be a good product designer?
What makes Facebook so incredibly good at adapting its product?
Do you own the IP if you engage a product design group to design and prototype your product?
What are the secrets to Unix's success as a product?
Which established products have successfully simplied themselves by deprecating features?
How do I start a shoe company?
What's an elegant way to indicate to users that they can highlight text on a page then automatically get more information about that text in a pop-up?
How do you cold call a large company with a web product redesign proposal?
What are the key feature innovations in Google Chrome?
What are good techniques to use in naming a project or company? How long does it usually take?
What steps should Blippy take to drive adoption?
Is Balsamiq the best wireframe maker?
Which are the best nurturing design firms in the San Francisco Bay Area for aspiring product/industrial designers?
What are useful tools for crowdsourcing product/startup name creation?
What do people mean when they call an interface 'cute'?
If you had to pick between an amazing product designer or an amazing engineer to build a new company around, which would you pick and why?
Why doesn't the iPhone have an LED notification light?
What is your biggest Microsoft Windows design pet peeve?
In Quora, why is the Follow Question button disconnected from the question itself?
What's a good consumer product design/development framework?
What do people think of Weng Motor's short range EV concept car?
How much does it cost to work with a product design group, from conceptualization to prototyping?
At what stage of the product life cycle is it best to add an API?
What do product designers think of the product design of Wikipedia for editors?
If you want to focus on learning to be either a product designer or a product manager, how should you determine your strengths and how can you develop them further?
What do you wish you could automate?
What are some major design pet peeves?
Does Motorola Droid's design look a bit too masculine?
Why did Facebook get rid of the bottom navigation toolbar?
Have any companies ever paid their users to submit good ideas?
Who are the best product minds for creating consumer Internet services? Why?
What are the costs and benefits of disclosing your product's roadmap to your users?
Why are umbrellas so challenging to design?
What are the 50 game dynamics that the new SCVNGR employees have to memorize?
Who are the best UI/UX designers in Toronto?
Are there any product design truisms?
Which apps have a great signup experience?
What are the best graduate design programs that specialize in interactive product design?
How do you build and improve upon a portfolio once you're out of school and trying to jump from one design field to another?
What are the best practices for making products simple?
To what extent does SEO cause websites to focus less on good user experiences?
What screen resolution should one design for?
When does the statement "If you can't build what you're designing, you shouldn't be designing it" stop being true?
Which individuals are great at both design and engineering?
Which VC firm could be interested investing in a company that makes tangible products in the health and wellness / infant care market?
How do you judge whether or not a person has aesthetic and artistic talent?
What are notable examples of companies that did not/do not dogfood their own products internally?
What's the difference between a product manager and a product designer?
If I have really low couches, is it OK to get a coffee table that is higher than the seat part of our couches or is that a design no-no?
Who are some of the best freelance designers in the Bay Area who don't live in San Francisco?
Did people dislike Facebook's bottom navigation toolbar? If so, why?
Why does LinkedIn make me log in a second time to make any changes to my profile, accept invitations, etc?
What is the significance of Caffeine for showing innovation in search at Google? 
What are some of the most usable websites?
At Quora, given a list of features, what are the steps taken to launch in production?
What iPhone accessories will make the speaker phone more usable?
What background do most product managers have in the web and mobile space?
What are clever UI controls that combine date and time picking in one?
What are alternative designs of Yelp.com?
Does anyone prefer Visio to Balsamiq?
How do / should product designers market their skills?
What are the drawbacks of tutorial-style on-boarding processes for Web sites?
What is LinkedIn doing next with their product?
How do sites prevent vanity URLs from colliding with future features ?
What great products have degraded over time due to feature overload?
What courses online or offline would help you become a good product designer?
Why is it so hard to develop a mental model of Facebook's information architecture?
What is the overall market values of the product and industrial design industries? Who are the major players and what are their market shares?
