How can we run Java programs without CMD?
Is C++ difficult to learn if one knows C?
What are some good expressive languages supported by IntelliJ IDEA?
How do I get an A in AQA AS Level Computing Paper 1 Programming?
What is the best way to pursue my dream of doing something in the language field?
What will the IT industry change if everyone can learn programming to Google engineer level without any effort?
What is integrity in C?
What topics must be coverd if I learn Java online?
How do I convert a string to normal bytes for a representation in Python (not hex)?
How can I avoid writing obfuscated Haskell code?
Do data structures and Core Java have more value do than Java and J2EE technologies?
Which programming language will be targeted by companies in the future?
Why do people use ridiculous languages like Romanji, Hinglish, when it's obviously a disrespect to the language itself?
In interviews, if they ask you to write a linked list, can you use the predefined functions in Java?
What is the F.C.C. doing about the unlawful use of C.B. radio operators using linear amplifiers?
How can I learn programming myself? I am a beginner.
How much does the cost increase when a startup choose .NET rather than Java?
How should I start learning Python from a grassroots level in 2 months?
What are the differences/uses of PHP, jQuery, Ruby on Rails and JavaScript?
How do I save a curve in Python?
Whether java.lang.Object should be interface instead class?
How did computer syntax come about?
Why did Google choose Kotlin for Android?
Is it mandatory to know programming languages to be a hacker?
Can a machine learn to compile functional code into imperative code?
What's the difference between namedtuple and dictionary in Python?
Can someone who uses Java for competitive programming use Kotlin?
What's coding like? Is it hard to do and do you need expensive tools?
How do I generate my Java program output as PDF?
Can someone make two battle rope programs that one could alternate between?
What can these programming languages hack? SQL, JavaScript, Ruby, Python, PHP and C++?
How do I start trying Kotlin on my Windows machine with lots of programming experience but zero Java experience?
Which is the most trending programming language which can be beneficial in the future? I want to learn something related to programming.
Which programming language is easier, Java or C#?
How much Database knowledge should I have to handle a Java project? I am SCJP certified and know advance Java too.
Which language will be the best to learn between Java and Python for a safe career?
Which programming language is good for learning data structure and algorithms?
How does one represent a mathematical function in C programming?
What is a good challenging system to program for?
Is C# the most powerful programming language?
What is the use of R programming for statistics?
What is the best way to learn a programming language, and what are the best websites for minor projects?
Which programming language do cryptographers learn?
Where is the source code for the C and C++ standard libraries eg. <sys/…h>?
From which site certification course for programming language is better?
I am learning shell scripting and find it even more difficult than Java and Python, is this normal?
Why can't we reduce the visibility of a method in a Java subclass?
What is the reason for the output of the following code (C++) and why is it showing warnings?
What was the reason for including a static keyword in Java, apart from using it as a global variable?
How can I make a programming language with the basic knowledge of C++?
Why did Google pick Kotlin instead of Swift?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Should I switch to Swift or stay in Java?
How do I code for HTTP and CoAP?
What are the simplest projects that can be implemented in Java at a university level?
Which is the best language for creating a chatbot on a website?
How do I make the PSO optimizing variable static for each time it will run on MATLAB?
How can I use Logical operator not in JavaScript?
Could you give some examples of decorators in Python?
What will be the best presentation topic after being trained on C, C#, Python, MySQL, ASP, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery and AngularJS?
Is it necessary to have a strong grasp in language for science learning at middle school level?
What do you think of the future of Kotlin as a server-side programming language?
Can private methods in Java be accessed by classes of another package?
How do I store the instantaneous value of a changing variable in C?
On Quora, there seems to be a problem with every programming language, especially PHP, Python and Java. What should people learn then?
What coding language would you recomend me to learn?
Why do we need loop functions in C, and how do they work (simple explanation)?
What is the way to start developing GUI programs/apps in C for PCs?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
What is the programming model of a microprocessor?
What is the best way to learn Spring from scratch in order to become a professional?
I just completed engineering. Do I need any programming knowledge or background for a cloud computing course?
Is there a programmer that knows 5 languages fluently?
Can you stack overflow your way though a programming career?
Can you help me with the function toLocaleDateString()?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
Why does Andrew Ng's ML course teach the useless language of Octave instead of Python and C++?
What is the best source to learn Python 3 for free?
What are some nice tutions in Kanpur to learn new programming languages like Python, HTML, CSS, and Android?
For those who are good at programming but not math, what do they find difficult about math?
How does Kotlin compare to Swift?
What are the best ways to get someone interested in programming and algorithm?
How do I start a file in Python 2.7.13?
Which is better between having a loop inside a synchronized block and having a synchronized block inside a loop?
Is it possible to do supreme level of AI coding in C++?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
How do I use 3 sockets in Perl with files?
What compiler was used to compile and obtain Mac's Unix binaries from its source?
What is the use of scanf("%* [\n] % [^\n]",…) in c-programming language?
Why did the C++ containers get named ordered/unordered sets/maps instead of the underlying data structures such as heap and hash?
What was your experience with building Intranet applications in Python?
Can I compile and execute the Java program in a non-C drive (D or E)?
I know how to code, what should I do to give my coding a direction?
How can one find the degree of a node in a connected graph (C programming)?
What are the best tutorials about full stack JavaScript?
Should I learn these languages in the following order, SQL then Python then R?
How do I make a JavaScript function usable to me at any time without having to define it in the console beforehand?
Is Kotlin the official language of Android?
What is a good algorithm for a bid-ask spread in C language?
What is the best blog to learn Java and J2EE?
As a final-year college student, which computer language should I learn PHP, Python or Android?
What is the main difference between while(1) loop and for(;)?
If a code segment has a descriptor in the register itself, what is the selector needed for?
What should I choose, CSE or IT, if I like programming and web development?
How can I compile C graphics programs when it gives the error message: "prog.c: 1:22: fatal error: graphics.h: No such file or directory"?
Will Go Language replace C++ in future? Will C++ still be relevant in the next 8-10 years?
What language is the best for game development?
What can I do to strengthen my Java programming skills?
Is web development faster in CoffeeScript than JavaScript or TypeScript?
Is thorough knowledge of C++ necessary for learning operating system and data structures?
What's Alan Kay’s opinion of the D programming language?
How do I convert the numeric data type to text/string in c#?
How can a Java program simulate keyboard pressing?
Where can I learn C programming effectively within a time frame of 2 months?
What is the best website to learn programming and why is it the best?
Is it better to implement data structure in C language and then implement it using OOPs?
How do I implement algorithms after watching Andrew Ng's ML course as he does not (or very less) implement the algorithms in any programming language?
What is the Swift Standard Library?
In computer jargon, the 1 ASCII code is 1 byte. Then, why is it that only 7 bits are used in the ASCII code?
What should I do about my friend who took my microprocessor's assembly coding?
How do I call a function inside Django without having to import it?
While studying programming, is it better to jump to the next page if you find a topic too difficult to understand?
How would you view a project based on multiple programming languages?
Who named Babel (computer language compiler/transpiler) as such?
Why it is hard to run a program in C++?
Do neurons code memories with population code or with spiking code and how does it work?
What are the different types of literals used in C++?
How can I ensure images to show up in a Java Program in different computers?
How does the word "kotlin" sound to native English speakers?
How does C compare to other languages?
Which is the best IDE to start with if I want to learn Java?
How can I execute a Python function via a CMD command?
What programming language should I learn if I am a biomedical engineering student?
What should I use for Android Studio: Naive (C++) or Java code?
Is it fine to use "mapper.writeValueasString()" while returning JSON value from Java code?
Where can I get Learn Python the Hard Way by Zed in Hyderabad?
Is it reasonable to use R programming language for a TOPSIS algorithm?
How do I retrieve a specific field's (varchar) null values from PHP/MySQL?
How does a total beginner start learning cyber security from scratch with little knowledge of programming?
Which course is playing a prominent role in computer languages?
I know the fundamentals of programming in Python, how do I get into web development?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
How can I program output into PowerPoint slide using Java & JSP?
What are the different techniques of debugging method?
What are some web applications I could build with my inexperienced father in order to teach him programming?
Can I have a C++ program on restaurant management using data handling?
How can I learn C#? What topics should be clear?
Is Kotlin Programming Language similar to Swift?
Is declarative programming good for 2D games development as in QML (Qt) and the Ring programming language (Allegro/LibSDL)?
Why didn't Google develop its own "Kotlin," if it wanted a Java substitute for so long?
How can we learn coding in programs in our own way?
How do you check whether a user enters an integer input, character input or string input in Java?
Which is the best way to revise C language​ thoroughly​ in a short time?
Why do we use classes in Java? What is the need for it, because in C language there is no use for classes.
Which languages, APIs, and frameworks do I need to learn to become a Full Stack web developer?
Why does the Wolfram Language use (a form of) M-Expressions?
Which language is used to program Jarvis?
How do I display line numbers and the lines from the file file.txt that contain the string Lin and display output in color?
How can I check Java JRE architecture in C/C++? I know Java has the System.getProperty ("OS.arch"). Is there a similar function call in C/C++?
What JavaScript modules should every beginner know?
Why should I start learning how to code?
What server-side stack should I use for a new project?
How do I insert Java script array values to mySQL database?
Is being a interpreter as a career a good decision, and which language best for it?
Which language should I learn for Android app development if I already know C++: Kotlin or Java?
Which are the best and cheapest institutes for PHP, .NET, and Java programming in Hyderabad?
What is the C++ example program with all OOP concepts?
Why are the creators of Golang more focused on compilation speed than on execution optimization?
What are the differences between ordinary variables and pointer variables in C?
What are the interesting network programs one can develop in Python?
Why does an uninitialized variable (member of a class) being assigned a zero value and not a garbage value when we try to print its value.?
Do I need to learn autoboxing and how to widen concepts for Java 9?
How can I measure the speed of code written in PHP?
What are the current research projects in CS, especially in the area of programming languages in IITs? I’m looking for a survey.
Can anyone give me sites to free courses on Java programming online?
What if I wrote the wrong set number but the right code number?
Is it possible to write good code in JavaScript or is it as bad as many people say?
Can I use IntelliSense code completion on an inactive code block in VS?
What is the stack/language to build a software management system that can be installed or used as a live web application?
What are the best free online programming bootcamps?
What is the code to find files with same names which are in two different directories in MATLAB and to display similar files together?
What are the different types of coding styles? Which one do we need to follow, and why?
What are the languages I need to learn before joining a hexaware company?
What are all the different ways to read a string with white spaces into a character array in C?
Which programming language has the maximum scope in the current scenario?
What site can I put up my python code for editing?
Internship is at Google in C++. I don't know C++, but have multiple internships and CS experience. How hard will it be to get up to speed at C++?
How can I scan and print double in C programming?
How do I make this python code do parallel processing?
Is there a difference in regex between the R programming language and Javascript?
What are the top file sharing programs?
What are the coding languages​ or tools used in the ISRO related to electronics or computer science?
Can I use the Swift package manager to build a MacOS GUI app?
What language would you like to learn in the future?
How can I organize my whole day and what kind of things can I use to do it (like programs, sites, notebooks)?
Are there any analogies between learning a foreign language and a programming language?
What is the best intro into AWS deployment for Scala (or Java)?
What is Java console?
Did you have a plan to support the Apple Swift programming language?
As a 14-year-old, I loved programming and have mastered several languages, but how can I utilize this skill in the future?
How can one starts learning programming without any computer background?
How did Ritesh Agrawal (OYO Rooms) learn programming?
Where can I start programming?
What language do I need to learn to get started with Kotlin?
How can I make a program of greater than and less than using the same button in JavaScript?
How do I start preparing for the GSoC? I know C++ programming language. What should I learn in order to clear the GSoC?
Is there any change in swift code after SBBJ has been merged into SBI?
What are the applications of Encapsulation in Java?
Should I learn high-level programming languages first or low-level languages?
How much assembly knowledge do professional game developers need?
Why is the object System.out showing Java.io.PrintStream@12b124 when I am printing it?
How can I use my web development and Java skills?
How do I fill in the gaps in my programming understanding? I’ve always learned by jumping into projects on my own (using documentation and videos).
Is there a high demand for language translators/interpreters?
Which is best technology to develop an web based ERP using Visual studio 2013? (Jquery with C# or ASP with C#)
How do I use 'make' in C in case of a filename which contains a space?
I am new to programming. I am learning Java. I can’t concentrate. What do I do?
Which OOP concept is used to find the hit ratio of a website?
Why did Google replace Java with Kotlin, and why only Kotlin but not other languages?
In Java, what does the word abstract do?
Is CoffeeScript easier to use than JavaScript?
Are brains programmed or do they program themselves?
What are the differences between getch() and scanf() in C?
What should I know first to create a compiler using Go programming languages?
Is Python 3 documentation the best way to learn Python?
Which of the code snippets below is the correct way to check if a Compass sensor is present on the system, explain your answer?
As an electrical electronics engineer, what programming language must I know very well?
Does a Java tutorial exist for intermediate programmers?
Why has Android introduced Kotlin as a new language? What is the advantage of Kotlin over Java?
What is the best way to learn Python, where do you recommend I start?
What is the best physical python books?
Why is my code giving an NZEC runtime error on SPOJ while it is working fine on Ideone and CodeChef compiler? I am a newbie, so some guidance will be appreciated.
Is there any scope for a banker to enter an IT firm without knowing languages?
To start learning Selenium, how well do I have to know or be familiar with Java?
In C#, why can members of a class (methods) not access the members (fields) without making an instance of that class, while this is not the case in C++?
Is C# a practical language for desktop apps?
Which programming language do I need to know to build bots on Twitter?
Can Kotlin programming language be used to build iOS apps?
Can I learn C++ as my first programming language?
Can the MFCC value be converted into speech in Python?
Why doesn't Google itself use Android Studio for creating their own apps instead of using languages such as Java, Python and C++?
How do you learn to program computers?
How long can a programming beginner understand dynamic programming?
What is resource-based programming?
Is Scala a good choice to learn in 2017?
What do I include to use Windows API functions in C++?
What would be a conversation between Java and C?
What is the best institute for C++ in Chennai?
Which version of Python is used in MITx's 6.00.1x?
How do I start coding in the Java language?
Why don't business people want to code or learn to code?
How do you remove the comma completely in Python?
Is there a chance of landing a job by just learning a single programming language and technology?
What programming languages does Google use?
What is the main difference between scanf and printf?
Which is the best online tutorial for C++,  especially for a design pattern socket?
Which website has the most code?
If in job description they ask for basic knowledge of C++, C#, Java, what does that mean?
Can I learn Java programming language from 2004 book?
Which one is more useful now, Scala or Kotlin?
Any Python 3 version of the code in: http://blog.districtdatalabs.com/a-practical-guide-to-anonymizing-datasets-with-python-faker#disqus_thread?
Can C++ and PHP be used together for server side development? If yes, then through which software?
Should I learn Kotlin following the Google I/O 2017 (although I am already learning Java)?
Should I give up programming if I already spent 10 years on it and still can't become proficient?
What is the difference between *a+1 and *(a+1) in C programming where a is the base address of an array?
Why is coding so hard for me?
Why does a C++ program give the same garbage value on multiple executions?
How can I start learning or practicing REST API with C#?
Where can I get an R script?
Which languages are required to make a social networking software?
How do I get my code to pause for a set amount of time before carrying on to the next line?
Is it bad practice to use the same name for structs and functions in C?
Can I learn advance Java without knowing core Java?
In which language is Quora written in?
What is the best programming language for face recognition application?
What is the difference between object and array in Java?
What are some fundamental things about desktop programming?
What is Any in Swift?
As a person interested in programming, how do I prepare for the so called "bubble pop"?
How do I increase my OOP skills in C++?
Which is the best website to read about technology rankings and the upcoming programming languages?
How do I make my code gain a chocolate flavor?
Google apps highly uses artificial Intelligence, which languages do Google use for coding of AI? Is it possible to do Google AI coding in C++?
What are unary, binary, and ternary operators in C?
What tool can I use to store and fetch data when necessary while developing a Java program?
How can I get arrows as input in Java?
I want to work in SBI as an engineer. Which programming language should I know?
What are the three basic and most important programming languages which I should learn to become a good programmer?
Why doesn't Python come with a form designer like Visual Basic and the Ring programming language?
Which programming language has more scope in the IT field?
Can system.out.println be written as system.user.println?
“rem= (I%10) TypeError: not all arguments converted during string formatting”. What does this mean in Python?
How do I execute CPP files in CLion without making any projects?
Is there any boot camp for Java online?
What are the benefits of studying programming at Codecademy?
How can I implement the C language?
Will C/C++ be replaced by a modern low-level language in the future?
How much time does it take to learn Java for a Javascript developer?
What is a POSIX-based multi-threaded code? What is an example of the same?
Why does Sublime highlight any word starting with an 'm' and then uppercase like mA, mLldivas, mClsdi when the syntax is set to C++?
Where can I learn artificial intelligence in Python?
Which technology or programming language should I use to make a Windows desktop application? I know C, C++, HTML, CSS and I’m learning PHP and Python.
How can I start learning C programming and Java?
Is it possible to get a job without a degree, but still know the programming languages?
How do I print the same numbers of two different lists in Python?
How can I understand the Vanilla.js source code of TodoMVC?
How can I direct input into a C program to be stored in a text file as it is entered?
How many types of constructors are in a string class in Java?
How can I apply in CTS to be a programming analyst?
Which language has the best future prospects: Python, Java, or JavaScript?
Which is the best app to study, C, C++, or Java?
What does the following C# method return?
Is there any use of programming languages in the petroleum industry, especially the upstream sector?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
Is it worth to learn C++ for native Android development, and when do I need it?
Is mathematics the programming language of the brain?
How do I change the language of a software program?
Will private class properties will be implemented in Javascript?
Do I learn Kotlin or Java for Android?
Can downloading Python cause a laptop’s touchpad to malfunction?
What is the difference between const char* and char* const in C?
How hard is Kotlin when compared to Scala?
Where can I find the Java code for a chess game?
Since C has its own printf library <stdio.h>, why does C++ still need to create its own <iostream> to cin and cout?
Which programming language should I invest my time in? Ruby? Swift? Python?
Is there any way to remove the licence of any APK file by its source code?
What are advantages of Scala over Kotlin?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
Which one is better for a better career: C# or Python?
Is it a bad idea to place dataframes in a list in Python?
What does this line " B(): numB(1) {}" mean in the code snippet below?
What's the connection between language library and OS library with respect to system calls?
Where I can learn C++ in Hindi?
Can the Python language make us rich in a poor country?
What programs should I use for Twitch?
How can I learn basic Programming concepts of C, Java, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, and SQL within a very short span of time?
Can we mix Javascript, C# and another language (like Python, for example) in a single project?
What are some best resources to learn Python OOP?
Is it better for myself to stay in old technology or to switch over to newer emerging technologies?
How does the “jump to” function work?
What is the most effective way to learn OOP (Object Oriented Programming)?
Which is the best programming language for developing web applications? Why should I choose that programming language and not another?
What is the best place to learn C# in Cairo?
What are some common errors that JavaScript beginners make which have no effect on the overall outcome of the code but overcomplicate things?
How does one develop a syntax analyzer by using JFlex and JCup? Please provide the CFG of the language.
Does programming mean everything in IT?
What are the basic languages I need to learn to become a programmer?
What's an easy way to teach someone the sense of programming?
Will programming ever become irrelevant? I don't​ want it to be though because it's so much fun to code.
Can I write reasonable complex programs if I know conditional statements, loops and class?
Where should I learn Python, I know C++?
Is Ruby only for web development?
Android just got official support for Kotlin. Are they doing the same thing Apple did with Objective-C and Swift?
Do I practice coding enough?
Is it a good practice​ to learn two programming language in parallel?
How do we solve input-output questions in IBPS?
What is the advantage in defining your app as a struct in Go?
Could someone suggest a good website to learn JavaScript?
What is the actual use of file handling in any language? What various things can we do with it in Python?
Which programming language is easier C+ or Linux?
Which loops execute the fastest in Swift?
How are methods used in Java?
What are some major differences between Java and Kotlin?
Precisely what does the equals method do in Java?
Can anyone give me c++ OOP programs?
Should I learn C++ or Python security-wise?
How can I use turtle graphics in Java?
What do you think about using Natural Programming in the Ring programming language?
How can I learn programming online step by step?
Nowadays, which language does not have a written form?
How do I make a program which includes different programming languages?
What should I do if I know nothing other than writing simple programs?
Is programming everything in the IT industry?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
In programming, why can't we store an integer value like this, Int y=3,400?
How do I master a programming language without getting bored everytime I open a book?
What do we use basic programming for?
If you had 3 months to learn JavaScript, how would you do it?
What are some awesome hacks in computer programming?
How does the fflush (stdin); function in the C language work and what is its specific purpose?
How easy or difficult is it to transition from Racket to Clojure?
What are programme educational objectives?
How do I display the output of my code written in C language on the screen for a user but not in the command prompt?
What are the pros and cons of learning things through self-learning formats?
How do I take input of a String and a int in one line in Java?
Where can I find some help with the Python G-spread module case sensitive issue?
What are the benefits of learning C++?
Is it possible to learn C/C++ language effectively from books instead of institution?
What are things that encourages me to learn Python?
What's the difference between Python, PHP and Java?
What is an application program interface?
When do we use C vs C++? What are the use cases for C and C++?
Why can't Indians build a security software with programs consisting of all regional language scripts to secure confidential data?
Whats the power lifters program?
Where do I learn about programming languages?
What functions do you miss in lua?
I am done with Java, is this language cursed or something?
How can a beginner learn Python efficiently in six months?
How do you know you know a programming language well enough to apply to an entry level job using that language?
Where do garbage values come from?
Can I start Kotlin as my first programming language?
What was your first AI program in any language?
What are some websites that teach all the programming languages from beginning to advanced?
What are some good free programs for learning and doing computer animation?
How can I concentrate in programming and be a good programmer?
Is it possible to use Python in Android Studio instead of Java?
What are the best free or cheap resources to learn machine learning in Python with basic Python knowledge?
What is the way to display an odd number using the recursive method in JavaScript?
How do I create the libraries in C++ for Windows?
What should we do if we want to install a GNU GCC compiler?
What is a powerful alternative to Python?
How do we break and continue a function in C, and why do we need to do this?
Which site is best for learning programming and networking?
Why doesn't Kotlin require semicolons at the end of statements?
It is often said that Python code is much easier to write than one written in C++, for example. What are some examples from the point of view of an expert?
How do I write code in Python?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
How do I learn MATLAB/Python online if I have a commerce background?
Which programming language should I learn first for Robotics?
What are data type conversions in c (explain in simple words please)?
What are the meanings of ++*p and *p++ in C++?
What is the difference between literal and variable in Java?
What is good course for a C++ freelance programmer to learn the fundamentals of computer science?
Why have programming languages changed very little since 1975?
How do I start developing a basic trojan?
Do I need to learn coding for digital marketing, and if yes, then which language?
How do I start learning to program apps?
Would you start a new (web app) project with Scala or Kotlin?
Does Go support concurrency better than Erlang? Can one can consider the Go language rather than erlang for issues with concurrency?
What are some good tutorials for Python and MATLAB?
How is a C program related to a device function?
Does IT engineering reqires assembly programming?
What programming language should I learn to become a better developer?
What language does not use any C library like glibc at all?
Where should I start from to become a good hacker? I only know C language.
How do I add two files using Python?
Which is faster: Int64 or Int8?
What is the use of "factory class"? Also what does this code imply "public static interfacename getInstance() {}". Lastly, what’s the use of this method?
What 2 developer languages does Stripe use?
Which online course should I take for under $20 to learn iOS development and Swift and Objective-C if I am a beginner?
How do you write a program in Java that removes all "0" digits from a number without string?
In the C++program, the following loop is not getting executed more than once. Why?
Why is desktop app development so irritating?
How much time will it take to learn programming if you have no Computer Science background?
What is the addon digital technology that we can learn when we have mainframe cobol background?
What should I learn first, to get a software job ASAP: Core Java, .NET, HTML, or CSS?
What is the framework for artificial intelligence in Python?
What is the best software for making Apps and what programming language should you learn?
How can I make a time delay in Python?
What is the difference between "source code", "compiled code" and "packaged code"?
I want to learn core Java. How many days should it take?
Why are non-Python developers still insisting on time-wasting spaces for indentation instead of tabs? (See question details.)
Is there any method in programming that even if the “if” statement is true, the “else” part of the program will run?
Is there a site where I can find code that has problems so that I can master debugging?
Do I understand functional programming if I know that it is a composition of functions, it is immutable and that is favors parallel programming?
How much Java should we want for Selenium?
What's the coolest thing you can get a computer to do in 100 lines of code?
How can I fix this error in Python, “TypeError: coercing to Unicode: need string or buffer, file found”?
(Read details) In Python 3.0, does float matter at all, and if so, why/how does it matter?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
How many projects do I need to work on to become an expert in a programming language?
Which is faster <<endl; or <<"\n"?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
Where can I find a good tutorial on WebSockets in Kotlin language?
What is the difference between a whilestatement and do-whilestatement in C?
How do I learn programming from scratch?
Is Python a good language for making microservices?
What is the advantage of using Python over PHP in a web application?
How can I convert my Java program into a .exe file type?
Should I take the the time to learn computer science before starting with programming?
What does the statement "%-15s%03d %n", s1, x in a print statement of Java mean if s1 is a string and x is an integer?
How do I implement envy-free algorithm in Java?
How do I view the implementation of built-in functions in C programming?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
How does the fflush(stdin) function in C language work and what is its specific purpose?
How do programming language commands work? For example, how does a computer understand the Print+F command if it only understands binary code?
Is being an interpreter​ a good career? Which foreign language​ is the best for an interpreter​ in the tourism industry, and what is the salary​ for this job?
Can a ML and AI enable us to optimize functional programming performance?
Can someone give the step-by-step details to set up Visual Studio code for Java and C++ in Ubuntu?
If I am having variable 'a' in which string is stored than how can I match that string with table of a database SQL with Python?
Which computer language is best for programming?
How can I start C++ programming with computers?
I’m interested in programming, low level languages, building apps and hardware-related stuff (like circuits, etc.). What is the correct degree for me to pursue?
Can an old MacBook be used to learn Swift?
What is the difference between Java ME and Java? Are they completely different, or only slightly different?
Can I be selected in any of the big companies in India if I code in Python?
What is the best way to learn R language?
What are some fun programming projects for beginners?
How good will it be to use Kotlin in Android app development? What if any company doesn't start using Kotlin?
How can I find out the prime number in a given range in C?
How do I read multiple input with BufferedReader in Java?
What does \t do in Python?
Should we begin with Tensorflow, Keras, or Sonnet, in order to develop a prediction system for time series data? Must we only use Python-based languages?
Is the C# language falling out of use?
Is it necessary to learn Kotlin if I have experience with Java?
Is it true that after I have mastered C++, picking up other languages like Python and Java won't be difficult?
I would like to write a script for a folder rule in Outlook. Where do I start? I have some programming experience in C and C++. Would this help?
Which language should I learn: Python, C++, C or Java if I know Javascript at an intermidiate level?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What is a dry run in Java?
What is the best site online for learning C sharp programming language?
How do I go from being good to being great in Python?
How can I code in C-language for a double 7-segment display countdown timer for a micro controller?
Which one should I learn in 2017, Elixir or Kotlin?
Is it possible to build compilers in the regional languages of Indian states?
Which version of Python, 2 or 3, is better for a data science beginner?
In object-oriented programming, what is the difference between a static object and a constant object?
What does "==" mean in C programming?
How can I use G10 code in CNC programming?
How long does it take to self-learn “C#/.NET” to freelance web apps developments? What needs to be done to learn it, and is it worth it money-wise?
I have not passed in Microsoft programming in C#, when can I take the retest?
What is the best assembly language for creating viruses?
Is the Java software, JDK, platform independent or platform-dependent?
How do I make a basic D++ cyber security program?
How do I make a game in Java?
Is Java equally good for creating Web applications as PHP, Ruby and Python?
What is the C code behind Java's system.out.println(); statement?
Can I do the CS50 course while trying to learn C++?
Which language is mostly used in IT fields, and which language is learned for jobs?
What programming language should I learn to make a game prototype?
How and what should I read to develop my coding logic?
How will learning Python help in Quantitative analysis?
What source codes were used to program Need for Speed: Shift?
What are some JavaScript little known yet useful code snippets?
Which edition of "The C++ Programming Language" by Bjarne Stroustrup should I buy? Rather, should I read some other book?
What is -5 ** 4 = -625 in Python?
In JavaScript, is a variable that’s inside a loop global or local? If it is local, how do I make it global?
How should I move string functions to two different variables in a single statement in COBOL?
As a computer science student, how should I do programming? Which books should I follow or which type of programming language should I focus on more?
Which programming language can call other languages?
Is there any online course for competetive programming?
Which route should I take after learning Python?
Is there an alternative to code?
Is C# a good language for a career?
Why don’t we make computer programming similar to human language (i.e. you directly put the question and you get an answer)? Why use programming language?
Why do we have so many languages, but only use one set of numerals between all the languages?
What programming language today would be most efficient for creating a social media platform?
How can I write effective code?
I am thoroughly cleared with programming concepts but unable to code. Which are the best books to help me write code?
Which language should I learn first, Java or XML?
What are the advantages of using data files? What are the types of data files in the C programming language?
Can you learn Java in 2 summers?
Where can I get a link to a good and complete Assembly X86 tutorial which also has the architecture of PCs?
What are homogeneous elements in an array?
Out of all the C standards (K&R, C89/90, C99, C11), which standard is the most used on production?
Do I spend enough time practicing programming?
If people consider PHP a bad language, what’s the alternative?
What's the best way to learn Python for a C coder?
Do I need to know the basics of a language to study that language's IB Language A?
Is typedef uses to create a function pointer?
Is Java a good language for a career?
What language should I learn now (read details)?
Why is Haskell doing this infinite wait on a variable that’s assigned to itself ?
Why should I write "new" before some variables like new vector3 or new array?
Is there a Linux distro that is code ready (Having a compiler and something to write in, like semi-code), if so are there any for C++?
Where can I get Python experience for web development?
How much code do you need to learn when becoming an ethical hacker? A little or a lot? And what languages?
How can I use a foreign language in an HTML document?
How do I begin in electronics programming using C?
Can you guide me in socket programming using C?
Is it valid in C to use (I=1;I&lt; =10;I++)?
Which online language learning program is better: Duolingo or Babble?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
How do I put off studying programming because I can't think of projects to do?
What are the best ways to clear logic for computer programming?
How do libraries for programming languages do their graphics? Am I FORCED to use OpenGL or is it possible to actually write, in code, graphics?
Why is writing a conditional operator using a ternary operator is a better practice in the JavaScript world nowadays?
How do game engines and API codes work? For example, how do programmers explain to a computer to move a mesh through code. How do computers understand code?
How are C programs converted into software?
Does knowing both C and C++ become confusing?
Does knowing a foreign language beforehand prove beneficial for an IFS aspirant? Also, what are some of the languages he/she can opt for?
What are the different fields in programming, such as website development, android app development, etc., etc.?
Can computer be considered as a language in DU?
Is Java crucial for fully understanding OOP?
What is the fastest language for programming?
Why isn’t my keyboard working in Turbo C++?
In JavaScript, what phrase do I use for "when"?
Where can an experienced programmer learn online about iPhone programming?
Is there any Golang library that is equivalent to Python's NLTK?
Could "Dart" replace JavaScript?
What are literals? Explain the different types of literals being used in C++?
What are the benefits of learning R language as a computer science fresher?
What is a string token in C++?
Which language is easier to learn, Kotlin or Java?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
What is the best example with Java/Python code of the dependency inversion principle?
What programming language was used for making Microsoft Office for Android?
Life is short. Do we really need Python?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
Is it a must to learn functional programming nowadays?
Which languages are preferred for making an attractive website?
If I want to get better at programming should I learn more functions or just solve the problem the longer way?
Why is it better to write code in CoffeeScript instead of Javascript?
Learning to code by myself. How do I get my code reviewed?
Will reading code merges to master help me learn to code better?
What are the best free sources to learn Python?
What skills are required to be a part of GSoC? I am good at competitive programming (C++) and know basic web and Android development.
What is the best free online course to learn Computer Science and C++ programming?
Is Kotlin a future of Android?
Should I learn Core and Advanced Java from Treehouse or from any other site?
How does writing a transpiler differ in design from writing a compiler or interpreter?
How can we improve the way we teach programming?
Will programming languages cease to exist in the future?
How do I get a scratch compiler?
How can I master Python in 48 hours?
How can I convert PXVPoint3Df32 * to vector<PointF32> in C++?
Why are only a few people naturally good at learning programming and coding, while many find it tough to stay in the game no matter how much they practice it?
What are some good implementations of the general Lucas’ theorem in C++?
How can I implement the Poloniex trading API in my Java application? It returns the error Invalid Command.
How can I learn programming or coding using my Android phone (without computer)?
Why am I not getting any output for using float values in C program?
The downloadable PDFs for Swift are out of date after only about 1 year. How do I start Swift with only a Mac Pro?
Is Google Dart dead?
How do I start getting better at coding as a programmer? How do I work on new skills?
How can I parse dates in Strings with Swift or Objective-C? There might be several different date formats.
How can I learn to program a Fanuc robot and how do I learn to program it from the teach pendant? Where can I find the manuals and software?
Can one get a job by learning a programming language without any professional degree?
Is teaching yourself foreign languages and programming languages good as a summer activity/extracurricular?
Why do we call some functions in Python using the syntax "function (argument)", and others using "argument.function()"?
Was C# killed by JavaScript?
What programming language should I learn to get into the hacking world?
What programming language can I use to run scripts on desktop software or an application (for example, Android Studio)?
How do we write a switch statement in Java?
What parts of existing programming languages would you take to create your ultimate one?
What is the best data exchange method between C++, DLL, and C#?
How can I combine multiple languages to create one final program or website, as shown in the image?
Could you give some examples of decorators in Python?
Why are exceptions used less in JavaScript than in other languages?
How do I set a timeout with the connect function in C++?
Can I learn machine in 6 months with Python knowledge only?
How do I become a Java developer in King?
What programming language to learn next after C and Python?
What’s right for me, design or programming?
Is the number of citations highly dependent on the language?
Is it possible to compile a program into a circuit then 3D print it?
What are the pros and cons of learning programming from a teacher?
Should I learn C# as my first programming language?
I was wondering, why is it that sometimes when you run similar codes on different compilers you get different results?
Why do all computer languages or software have animals in their logo (for example, Hadoop and Perl have an elephant and a camel)?
Why did Evernote clone for Linux Nixnote ditch Java in favor of C++?
How can I learn everything about programming? Are there any links or websites?
How flexible is Python compared to JavaScrirpt?
What is a cool, first Python project for a newbie to work towards?
Why do nowadays programming languages have such a complex syntax? Isn't that just difficult to implement?
What is the difference between an abstract class and an interface in OOP?
How good is the Loki C++ library?
What skills should a 3 year mechanical engineering student learn over the summer break? Should he/she learn FEA, a computer language, or a spoken language?
Do I need to have knowledge of programming in order to join a business intelligence unit?
What is the best offline course for learning Python?
Which could be best language to learn for a international business professional?
If necessary, what programming language should I learn if I want to program machines (clocks, heater fans, etc.)?
What makes a std: :vector "const qualified"?
Can I reuse return values saved in a list in a Python class?
I completed my third year of ECE. Which programming language should I choose according to campus placement?
Is knowledge of C programming alone sufficient to get hired as a developer?
Should key infrastructure networks be coded in non-English programming languages to make them harder to hack?
What is a brief introduction of subprocesses in Python, as well as Python’s functions and processes?
What is the Python equivalent of R programming's "class" function?
What would be the best source to learn C++ for competitive programming?
Where is the sitemap code that has to be added into a Python program?
How do I test for an empty JavaScript object?
Why is the space necessary in the C-statement: scanf (" %c", &variable) while it's not necessary when storing %d or %f variables?
Do all data science languages have roughly the same speed if you vectorize?
Is there any sense in learning languages such as Java or C# for web development if there is JavaScript or Python?
What are the list of JVM programming languages?
Are there any good libraries for implementing AI in C#.NET or Azure?
What is a “barraeat variable” in programming?
What are some hacks to learn programming?
Why does an object need to get stored in another object in programming?
In Java, how would you rotate an object while keeping the velocity constant using the Graphics class?
How can I be good at programming? I’m a 2013 passout.
Which master's program should I choose PHP or Ruby or Python?
Where do I get programs for Python?
As a mechanical engineer, which programming language should I learn, Java or C++?
How do you build a reverse function in Python which spits out a new list based on a list and three indexes?
What is the best language to program a neural network? Between C, C ++, Java, and Python, what is the best in terms of performance and difficulty?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
Is web development faster in CoffeeScript than JavaScript or TypeScript?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
Is passing data through global variables good practice in iOS?
What language is Wikipedia code written in, C++, HTML, or something else?
Is there gofmt for Java?
How we should convert aptitude into programming?
What is the trickiest program you have come across in the C language?
What is the learning path for Python?
Google has announced a new official programming language for Android, called Kotlin, but can we develop Android apps in Java unofficially?
Why is Python used for machine learning? Why not use C, C++, or Java?
Is it worth to use OpenCV in Swift with "bridge" that effects performance, or should I stick with Objective-C?
How do I create a table only using a nested loop and 2 variables in PHP?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
How do I know that I learned C or not?
Which is the best institute to learn Python in Bangalore?
How do I start learning Kotlin without any programming background?
What are some practical uses of closures in JavaScript?
How do you write a function that switches the position of Python indexes?
What does the term The Code of Blue mean?
Which language is the fastest at getting a point across?
What is a preprocesser directive?
Will AI based programming be a thing in the future?
What are some of the body languages we really need to work upon?
Which programming language is in more demand for jobs in India?
What are some books or resources for learning C# functional programming?
Will Google stop supporting Java as the official programming language for Android in support of Kotlin?
How can I make a Windows application in C# in a professional way?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
How can I extract usernames from HTTP headers using a client-side scripting language?
Do I need to learn PHP or any other programming languages to clear AWS DevOps Associate Level Certification?
Which technology has a better future: Java, PHP, or .NET?
Which book is better, "Think Python" or "Learning Python"?
What is the simplest README file to include in my Java program?
Which languages, APIs, and frameworks do I need to learn to become a Full Stack web developer?
Which area of C/C++ programming is required for ECE and from where can I learn them?
What are type annotations?
In Java, is there any way to say type T extends either Type 1 or Type 2, where the only common ancestor of Type 1 and Type 2 is Object?
How do I write a simple program in the C programming language that will help me to create a macro equal to a set of code, including a main function?
What are keywords and identifiers in C (simple words please)?
How do I get the execution time of MIPS assembly code?
What are the basic programs in C, C++, and Java?
What is the use of Java SE?
Which language is best for an internship, PHP or Java?
As a beginner to computer programming, should I learn to write code in Kotlin?
How can I make a Python function add a number into a list of numbers?
What are the basics of probability? How can you use it in programming?
What will happen if a char variable gets a complete string as input in C++?
On a scale of 1-10, how useful would C and C++ be for a career in the IT industry?
What are the different types of coding styles? Which one do we need to follow, and why?
Is it common to have problems on every step of learning programming?
How can I scan and print double in C programming?
How can l make a C programming function so that its output is the pulse that must supply a stepper motor and its input is the angle required?
How is C++ used at Apple?
In what language is the JavaScript "engine" in a browser written? (I mean the part handling JavaScript.)
Which programming language must an electrical engineer know?
How do I write a code to accept a password using mikroC for PIC16f877A?
How do you create a software in C and Java?
How can we calculate internal marks using a Java program?
Why is Python better than Java?
What amazing things can I do if I combine calculus with Java?
What are the most important parts of computer programming?
What is the difference between a C function and a C program?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
Are there any more Char 2Cs left?
How can I print a specific key value in a group of dictionaries in Python?
How does type checking in programming language work?
What should a novice learn first: C, C++, Python, Java, or JavaScript?
Is there a Robocode like Game or Challenge for Python?
How can I write Python code in HTML?
Is it worth learning Elixir?
If I already know programming, can I become very proficient in Scala in just 1 month?
Where can I run C programs?
How can I read the last line from a log file in Python?
Will it be soon in the near future that JavaScript joins with the Java language to link the front and back work in web software?
How do I add two numbers in C++ without using any third variable and '+' addition sign?
Is CoffeeScript easier to use than JavaScript?
What are the necessary things I should do to start programming in C++?
What computer course should I take in 11th class? I know only Java as of yet but I want to take CBSE. There is no option for Java. What should I do?
What are the program languages used to create Linux?
How can one best learn an assembly language?
In C#, why can members of a class (methods) not access the members (fields) without making an instance of that class, while this is not the case in C++?
What is the difference between compiler and translator?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
What are the pros and cons of using a programming language like Wolfram over using something like Python, PHP, or Java for an AI-assisted web tool?
Which one will be better to learn as an apprentice: Python or Java? Why?
How do I make a JavaScript program?
What is #include<iostream.h>?
Which coding language is required the most in companies?
What would be a conversation between Java and C?
How can I make a program of polynomial of degree 6 in Java?
Can anybody write a simple code of kotlin new Google's programming langage and explain it?
Is it worth learning Java if most programmer already know Java?
How can I check a palindrome number in Java? What are the steps?
I want to make a block breaker game on C++. I have the basic C++ graphics knowlegde. How can I programme the path of the ball after it bounces?
What programming language should I learn out of C and C++, after already knowing Java?
In Python, if the length of my list (listname=words) is smaller than a certain number, followed by another condition (see the comment), how can I append the value in the list to another list?
What trendy IT tools/courses in India do not need programming language and can help one to get a job?
Should I learn the design patterns of every programming language I learn?
How can one permanently highlight multiple selected lines in Pycharm?
What are the best programming language(s) to build a website that takes user input to calculate a commercial store gondola?
How can I start learning or practicing REST API with C#?
How can I learn programming in Java with greater concepts?
Which field is better, C.A. or collector?
What is the most reliable C compiler and how could I make it work on my PC?
How much time will it take to be a master at Kotlin programming language?
What if I want to enhance my coding in Python (knowing the beginner concepts) for class 11 and 12 standard CBSE? What are the best websites for revision and more?
Why does Google choose Kotlin over Scala as a new first class language for Android development?
What skills do I need to master to say I'm good in Python with confidence?
I am planning on learning to code on my own. Where do I start?
Which language is the best for the future - .NET, PHP, or WordPress?
What programming language can make something similar to pexels.com?
How do I flip in Python?
How can your make C++ interpret another language? Node.js.exe is written in C++ but it interprets my JavaScript code for the server.
What is the difference between for and while in C program?
What's the best way to learn Python as a 14-year-old?
What language is used to make MySQL? Does it use Stack (other than list, tree, etc.)?
What extensions should I install in Visual Studio 2017 if I want to use only C language?
Is the lifetime of static and global variables the same?
Where can I study computer programming in Germany?
Where should I write my code before hosting it?
What is a POSIX-based multi-threaded code? What is an example of the same?
Is there a standard cryptography interface for C++ as there is for Java?
How does C++ compare to Objective-C?
What should I learn this summer? I am confused between embedded systems and web development. At the moment I only know C programming.
Where can I start with C language?
How would you explain code flow?
Where can I get John R. Hubbard’s Programming with Java book?
Are GTK+ and QT bindings good enough for Python (Windows) or do I need to switch to C#?
What is the best computer language to get a job in the IT sector?
Where can I find a good mentor to learn C# development in depth in India?
Is programming really that fun?
Which programming language has the most useful built-in functions?
Are there any jobs for retired persons coding in Java?
Is there any easy way to learn top to bottom MATLAB programming for an electrical engineering student?
Why does an SAS statement end with a semicolon?
How much time do I need to invest in learning C# to be hirable, and which areas in IT may be most prospective to look for a job in?
What coding language do I need to build a website like Equaldex?
As a recession in the IT industry in India just started, which skill/language must a CS undergraduate learn to be able to secure a job in 2019?
In which fields can Golang be used?
Which is the best app to study, C, C++, or Java?
What does the following C# method return?
What's the longest way to print hello world in JavaScript?
What is a self complementing code?
How do I download C# in 2017?
Is Data Camp good for learning R and Python?
I’m a teacher in a private school in Delhi. I want to learn a language which will be good for my future. Where should I learn that?
Which is the simplest website to learn C programming?
What programming language should I focus on if I'm creative and visual?
What should I do after learning C++ basics?
How do I revise for the final computer c++ examination?
Which is the best coaching/training center to learn programming languages in Coimbatore?
Why is Google adding Kotlin as an official programming language for Android development?
Will private class properties will be implemented in Javascript?
How do I avoid using sudo in tar commands in Python?
How can I transfer information from one file to another in Python?
Is it necessary to learn mathematics first before learning programming? I already know the basic prerequisites of math.
Can I learn two languages at the same time, like C# & Java?
Is it possible to learn Advanced Java before learning Core Java? Is it understandable?
What are some Java libraries for visual and audio analysis?
How can one select an input in a switch statement, even if it is inside a while loop in C?
What is the best design pattern for a c# back end?
How do I write a C program to print the sum, difference, product, and quotient of given integers?
How do I start coding in Unity and learn how to code in other programs?
What should I learn to build my own website or store like Amazon? What computer languages and other stuff should I learn?
Can we execute a program without main() method?
How can I create my own programming language? What are all the prerequisites?
For new projects with massive amounts of data which must be accessible through the web via a rest API, which language would you use, Kotlin or Python?
What resource should I use if I want to further advance my programming skills aside from TutorialsPoint?
What are the topics I need to learn in Python for a job?
How important is learning a programming language for an engineer?
In C++, can adding the keyword “const” at any place change the program’s behavior?
Which programming languages are taught at SRM in CSE?
Can a person be a good developer without knowing C?
How do I start basic level programming in Arduino?
How many people in the world know computer programming?
What kind of job can a person get with knowledge of PHP?
Is it possible to train an AI program to decode hash strings back to their original content (at least to a degree of probability)?
When do you finally know you can code?
What’s the difference between PCM coding and VLC coding?
What are the essential personal attributes required to learn Java?
How do you use C programming to compare two integer arrays and see whether they are identical?
How do I find the PDF of Brian W. Kernighan's book based on the C language?
I'm starting learn Python, but I don't know where to learn first. I've learned English and know some languages like PHP and Java. Can you instruct me?
Is it worth learning C++ or Java just for algorithms?
Can we access protected methods in different packages?
Is Kotlin language similar to Java?
Is there any single advantage to using delegate/callback over async/await in asynchronous programming with C#?
Why does online Java programming always shows compilation error even if its certified in books that this program is correct?
How are graphical programs created using C++?
What is an example of an overloaded binary operator program?
How much advanced C++ should I learn before understanding TensorFlow source code?
What is the difference between difference and symmetric difference in Python?
How is Python better than Java or C#?
Which is more optimized and has a faster runtime, a program executing n threads or executing n functions in an infinite while loop?
Precisely what does the equals method do in Java?
What’s the difference between the use of “else” and “else if”?
What programming language and library is best to code automated bot independent of a service's API for beginners?
Nowadays, which language does not have a written form?
What are some good C programming tutorials on YouTube?
Are there advantages to languages without operands, like Esolang Brainfuck? (simple design, simple processor architecture)?
Do all object-oriented languages support encapsulation?
How do I start programming for iOS?
What is the requirement to become a Full-stack developer of any Programming Language?
What are keywords in C, and why do we need them (simple words please)?
Can you write a C program that demonstrates the gets() function?
How can I combine two arrays to form a composite spread (A-B) data series in a programming language?
How does the methods of JavaScript objects are handled in memory?
Knowledge of which programming language is required to make an e-commerce site?
Why is Python not the first language for students in schools & colleges?
What would you like to add to the concept of Digital India to make it more efficient and effective for all of us?
How do I create a file using Java 8?
What is the difference between a throw and throws in Java?
How can I write a C program to check whether a number is prime or composite using a while loop?
Does Brian Bi use C++ in Google as well?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
How long and how hard does it take to learn Kotlin if I already know Java?
What is the best for Java SE?
Why should we use algorithms and flow charts in C++?
How does the Hürkuş-C compare to the A29 Super Tucano?
There are about 7,000 different languages on Earth, so why haven't we invented one language for everyone?
Do you think a new language is a door to the new world?
Does C# have job opportunities?
Which concept of Java is used most in Hadoop?
In programming, what is a library and what is a framework? And what is the difference between them?
What are the trendy IT tools/courses in India for an experienced person, and which do not need much programming language knowledge?
Does Go support concurrency better than Erlang? Can one can consider the Go language rather than erlang for issues with concurrency?
What does "@" do in Python?
How much can I earn as a programmer that uses Java or any other programming language?
What's a C program to retrieve nodes by id in a linked list?
How many operators have different meanings by default? Is it the “+” and bitshift operators only? I'm not talking about the operator overloading.
Why would I need to write a code whose purpose is to write another code?
Should I know some computer languages before taking CS?
What are great things you can do, using Java programming?
Which is the best back end programming language to connect with database applications?
What is wrong in following the code of merge sort?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
How does a program or a set of codes give instruction to a machine, and how does a machine sense that code via a sensor and a particular part of a machine?
What is difference between object oriented programming language and object based programming language?
What are the format specifiers for all types of data in C?
What should I learn first, to get a software job ASAP: Core Java, .NET, HTML, or CSS?
How do you write a function which swaps indexes in the opposite order in Python?
Where can I learn hacking with Python from the most basic level?
What are the best open-source programming languages?
How do I start programming games in C++?
Which programming language are good for every stage of IT?
Which programming language is used by SEMrush to track keywords?
How is my C Code able to act as a code, from an artificial intelligence perspective?
What is the code for making a server live in socket programming using C?
After learning the C programming language, which language should I learn - especially for problem solving?
What programming languages allow the passing of complex objects by value, like C# does?
What programming language should I learn to build something like Instagram?
How can we make a program in C++ for printing the results of 3 students using only three given header files i.e. iostream.h, string.h, ctype.h?
Can I get a job if I learn only SQL n advanced SQL, or should I learn other technologies like Java, SaaS etc, to be frank I am poor in programming.?
To what extent has Google moved from Objective-C to Swift for their iOS apps?
What is the difference between a whilestatement and do-whilestatement in C?
What programming languages do I need to learn if I want to be experienced in VR, AR and AI?
What will be the fee for a core Java course in Hyderabad?
Why do we need to write a code to sort an array?
How do I assign the length for a variable in Python?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
Is a bootcamp a good way to learn programming languages?
Do you think programming is becoming oversaturated?
When are labels most frequently used when writing a program in an assembly language?
Has any serious project been written in a non-English-based programming language?
What basic language​s should I learn before joining Wipro (other than C, C++, Java, and .NET)?
What was the most impossible programe you made, since you started computer programming?
Where can I get free study materials for CA, CMA, CS?
Can we create array of objects in Java?
Does the first line of compiler generated no-arg constructor also has statement "this()" in Java?
What are the most efficient ways to make notes for future reference while you are coding or practicing algorithms?
What is the difference between >= and => in Java?
How do I count up the domain name of email addresses using Python?
Which programming language is necessary for building an app for a conference call?
Can structures in C++ have private access specifiers?
I would like to write a script for a folder rule in Outlook. Where do I start? I have some programming experience in C and C++. Would this help?
Can I destroy my computer with a bit of code, like have it heat up and explode, or something like that?
How do I move into larger projects (programming)?
What is the user defined function in C (simple words please)?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
What is the relationship between cryptography and programming?
What are the different parts of Java? I've heard of Angular, Core, and Advanced. Can I get some more details?
What courses or programing language is best for a mechanical engineer (first year)?
Does the strlen () function calculates the length of the string along with null character?
What kind of sort does C++ use to do multisort?
What language should I learn for a job?
What should I do? I have a Masters degree in Telecom and Broadcasting. Should I learn a programming language or go for a networking course like CCNA?
Which are some good websites from where I can get some good questions on bitwise operators in C programming?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
What languages should I learn for a future in game development?
What is a proper way for me to learn Java?
Would it make sense to learn programming to fund machine learning studies?
Can we initialize a constant variable and static variable in a constructor?
Why do languages like C++ still require semicolons in 2017?
Is Java equally good for creating Web applications as PHP, Ruby and Python?
How do I execute a Python script from a web browser?
What is static and dynamic economy? Explain with examples.
How do I write a generic function in C to sort an array of any data type without using any library function?
What is the difference between a runtime error and compile time error in C?
How does the garbage collector destroy the static method of a function in C#?
What are some examples of programming?
How do I get into coding?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
I was using Turbo C++ recently and my friend suggested me to use Visual C++ instead. How can I compile my program in Visual C++?
Can you explain the difference between procedural programming and OOP?
Is Fortran free?
How is PLC ladder logic converted to machine code? Does it really convert into machine language?
What is the maximum amount of languages you can learn before you start forgetting some of them?
How do marker interfaces actually work in Java when they are empty interfaces?
Is C programming language used in developing frameworks, IDEs, APIs, game engines, servers and artificial intelligence systems?
Is the C++ Standard Template Library (STL) still in common use or just legacy applications?
How can I learn C language in 4 days?
Which is the best programming language, still not used?
How long is 512 bytes of code?
Which language and platform should I select to build a chatbot for a web app?
Which languages do not have WordNet yet?
What are the topics to be covered in Java for testing?
How do I learn C programming as an ECE student?
What should I do further, having a bit of experience in Java and C language?
What is position array?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
What are simplest ways of learning Python from scratch?
What are the best low-cost resources to learn Python?
Why would a C program cause a segmentation fault when run remotely through SSH, but not on my local machine?
Is there a place where can I check the appliances of code structures used in games and programs?
Why can't Python compile this? I want to produce an array which takes subsequent indices (i, i + 1, etc.) and multiplies them.
What are the advantages of Kotlin over Java?
What should I do if my Python function isn’t returning anything?
Where can I find a good compiler?
What are PHP programs?
What are necessary things to know for web development in Python?
If the string is that string=Apple, then what is the logic to print the out "ppale" in Java?
Is there any Python-equivalent simulator like Yaes?
How does the copy constructor work in Java?
What is the possible programming language to be used in Fuchsia OS application development?
Is the Objective-C language dying?
Is it possible to develop a scientific application using C#/Java like Python/MATLAB?
I want to become a hardcore programmer but I don’t know anything about programming. What should I do?
Is it possible to get elements into a null array by a user in C programming?
What should I learn after object oriented Java?
How do I learn Java fast and practically?
Can I learn PHP directly if I don't have any knowledge about HTML, Java, or any other language?
Who is the youngest person to create a programming language?
What is the range of the double data type in Java?
How can we run Java programs without CMD?
Is C++ difficult to learn if one knows C?
What are some good expressive languages supported by IntelliJ IDEA?
How do I get an A in AQA AS Level Computing Paper 1 Programming?
What is the best way to pursue my dream of doing something in the language field?
What will the IT industry change if everyone can learn programming to Google engineer level without any effort?
How does writing a transpiler differ in design from writing a compiler or interpreter?
Will programming languages cease to exist in the future?
How can we improve the way we teach programming?
What is integrity in C?
What topics must be coverd if I learn Java online?
How do I convert a string to normal bytes for a representation in Python (not hex)?
How do I get a scratch compiler?
Which book is the best for advanced level C language?
How can we design a code converter that converts 84-2-1 code into 8421 code and implement it by using 4X1 mux?
How can I avoid writing obfuscated Haskell code?
Do data structures and Core Java have more value do than Java and J2EE technologies?
Which programming language will be targeted by companies in the future?
How can I convert PXVPoint3Df32 * to vector<PointF32> in C++?
Why are only a few people naturally good at learning programming and coding, while many find it tough to stay in the game no matter how much they practice it?
What programming language should I restart with after a 15-year gap (coded in C++ nearly 12 years ago)? I have the urge to get back to programming.
How can I master Python in 48 hours?
Why do people use ridiculous languages like Romanji, Hinglish, when it's obviously a disrespect to the language itself?
In interviews, if they ask you to write a linked list, can you use the predefined functions in Java?
How can I implement the Poloniex trading API in my Java application? It returns the error Invalid Command.
What are some good implementations of the general Lucas’ theorem in C++?
How can I learn programming or coding using my Android phone (without computer)?
What is the newest programming language till this day?
Why am I not getting any output for using float values in C program?
The downloadable PDFs for Swift are out of date after only about 1 year. How do I start Swift with only a Mac Pro?
Is Google Dart dead?
What is the F.C.C. doing about the unlawful use of C.B. radio operators using linear amplifiers?
How can I learn programming myself? I am a beginner.
How much does the cost increase when a startup choose .NET rather than Java?
How should I start learning Python from a grassroots level in 2 months?
How do I start getting better at coding as a programmer? How do I work on new skills?
Is it possible to go to UCSD with a C?
How is a program implemented in a computer?
What are the differences/uses of PHP, jQuery, Ruby on Rails and JavaScript?
How can I parse dates in Strings with Swift or Objective-C? There might be several different date formats.
How do I save a curve in Python?
Whether java.lang.Object should be interface instead class?
How did computer syntax come about?
Why did Google choose Kotlin for Android?
Is it mandatory to know programming languages to be a hacker?
Can a machine learn to compile functional code into imperative code?
What's the difference between namedtuple and dictionary in Python?
Can someone who uses Java for competitive programming use Kotlin?
How can I learn to program a Fanuc robot and how do I learn to program it from the teach pendant? Where can I find the manuals and software?
What's coding like? Is it hard to do and do you need expensive tools?
When will Google adopt Go for Android development?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
How do I generate my Java program output as PDF?
What is the state of server-side Swift?
Can someone make two battle rope programs that one could alternate between?
What can these programming languages hack? SQL, JavaScript, Ruby, Python, PHP and C++?
Can one get a job by learning a programming language without any professional degree?
Is teaching yourself foreign languages and programming languages good as a summer activity/extracurricular?
Why do we call some functions in Python using the syntax "function (argument)", and others using "argument.function()"?
How do I start trying Kotlin on my Windows machine with lots of programming experience but zero Java experience?
Which is the most trending programming language which can be beneficial in the future? I want to learn something related to programming.
Which programming language is easier, Java or C#?
How much Database knowledge should I have to handle a Java project? I am SCJP certified and know advance Java too.
What is the scope of an extension program?
Was C# killed by JavaScript?
What programming language should I learn to get into the hacking world?
How can I make my own HTML compiler?
What programming language can I use to run scripts on desktop software or an application (for example, Android Studio)?
Which language will be the best to learn between Java and Python for a safe career?
What programming language will be useful for digital forensics?
Which programming language is good for learning data structure and algorithms?
How does one represent a mathematical function in C programming?
What is a good challenging system to program for?
Why does this code not display 288 as its output?
Is C# the most powerful programming language?
How do we write a switch statement in Java?
What is the use of R programming for statistics?
What is the best way to learn a programming language, and what are the best websites for minor projects?
Which programming language do cryptographers learn?
Where is the source code for the C and C++ standard libraries eg. <sys/…h>?
From which site certification course for programming language is better?
What parts of existing programming languages would you take to create your ultimate one?
I am learning shell scripting and find it even more difficult than Java and Python, is this normal?
How to begin with functional programming languages like Haskell?
Why can't we reduce the visibility of a method in a Java subclass?
What is the reason for the output of the following code (C++) and why is it showing warnings?
What was the reason for including a static keyword in Java, apart from using it as a global variable?
What is the best data exchange method between C++, DLL, and C#?
What programming language should I learn if I want to be a hacker (cyber security)?
What is the full form of mraa in Python programming language?
How can I make a programming language with the basic knowledge of C++?
What are the languages important for gaming today?
Why did Google pick Kotlin instead of Swift?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Should I switch to Swift or stay in Java?
How do I code for HTTP and CoAP?
What are the simplest projects that can be implemented in Java at a university level?
Which is the best language for creating a chatbot on a website?
Are there any good basic examples about Diameter in Erlang/OTP?
How do I make the PSO optimizing variable static for each time it will run on MATLAB?
How can I combine multiple languages to create one final program or website, as shown in the image?
How can I use Logical operator not in JavaScript?
Could you give some examples of decorators in Python?
Is it necessary to know about the history of any programming language before you start coding?
Is there any global certification for Python scripting?
Is C++ difficult?
What will be the best presentation topic after being trained on C, C#, Python, MySQL, ASP, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery and AngularJS?
Why are exceptions used less in JavaScript than in other languages?
What is the function of Linker in C programming?
What programming language do people need the most to involve in high-level research in numerical relativity?
Is it necessary to have a strong grasp in language for science learning at middle school level?
What do you think of the future of Kotlin as a server-side programming language?
What do you mean by C-form?
Can private methods in Java be accessed by classes of another package?
How do I store the instantaneous value of a changing variable in C?
On Quora, there seems to be a problem with every programming language, especially PHP, Python and Java. What should people learn then?
How do I set a timeout with the connect function in C++?
What coding language would you recomend me to learn?
Which is a resource for non-beginners to get started with C++?
What is the best course to pursue after learning core Java?
Can I learn machine in 6 months with Python knowledge only?
How do I become a Java developer in King?
To what extent does an EJB container compile a Java class that is modified while it is running on an application server?
What programming language to learn next after C and Python?
How should I start learning data file handling in C++?
Is the number of citations highly dependent on the language?
Is it possible to compile a program into a circuit then 3D print it?
What’s right for me, design or programming?
Why do we need loop functions in C, and how do they work (simple explanation)?
What is “Python”?
What is the way to start developing GUI programs/apps in C for PCs?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
What are the pros and cons of learning programming from a teacher?
What are the different computer languages that the electronic and telecommunications branch teach?
Should I learn C# as my first programming language?
What is the programming model of a microprocessor?
I was wondering, why is it that sometimes when you run similar codes on different compilers you get different results?
What programming language does eHarmony use on the back end?
Why do all computer languages or software have animals in their logo (for example, Hadoop and Perl have an elephant and a camel)?
Which programming language is used in notepad?
What programming language should I build my applicant tracking system in?
What is the best way to learn Spring from scratch in order to become a professional?
Why did Evernote clone for Linux Nixnote ditch Java in favor of C++?
Can I download C Programming Absolute Beginner’s Guide, Third Edition for free?
I just completed engineering. Do I need any programming knowledge or background for a cloud computing course?
How can I learn everything about programming? Are there any links or websites?
Is there a programmer that knows 5 languages fluently?
How flexible is Python compared to JavaScrirpt?
What is a cool, first Python project for a newbie to work towards?
Can you stack overflow your way though a programming career?
Why do nowadays programming languages have such a complex syntax? Isn't that just difficult to implement?
What is the difference between an abstract class and an interface in OOP?
Can you help me with the function toLocaleDateString()?
How good is the Loki C++ library?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
What skills should a 3 year mechanical engineering student learn over the summer break? Should he/she learn FEA, a computer language, or a spoken language?
Where is probabilistic programming (e.g. Stan, PyMC, Church) being used in the industry? Which companies, verticals and applications make use of it?
Why does Andrew Ng's ML course teach the useless language of Octave instead of Python and C++?
What is the best offline course for learning Python?
Do I need to have knowledge of programming in order to join a business intelligence unit?
Which could be best language to learn for a international business professional?
What is the best source to learn Python 3 for free?
Which is the best institute of Java in Bangalore to improve my basic knowledge and coding skills?
How can we make the Python programs as fast as C++ and Go languages?
What are some nice tutions in Kanpur to learn new programming languages like Python, HTML, CSS, and Android?
How do I print a character the same as input in C++?
What is the address of instruction if a label is assigned to the LTORG statement in system programming (eg., L1 : LTORG)?
If necessary, what programming language should I learn if I want to program machines (clocks, heater fans, etc.)?
For those who are good at programming but not math, what do they find difficult about math?
What makes a std: :vector "const qualified"?
Can I reuse return values saved in a list in a Python class?
How does Kotlin compare to Swift?
I completed my third year of ECE. Which programming language should I choose according to campus placement?
Is knowledge of C programming alone sufficient to get hired as a developer?
What are the best ways to get someone interested in programming and algorithm?
Should key infrastructure networks be coded in non-English programming languages to make them harder to hack?
How do I convert int to byte in TypeScript?
How do I start a file in Python 2.7.13?
Which is better between having a loop inside a synchronized block and having a synchronized block inside a loop?
Is it possible to do supreme level of AI coding in C++?
What is a brief introduction of subprocesses in Python, as well as Python’s functions and processes?
What is the Python equivalent of R programming's "class" function?
What would be the best source to learn C++ for competitive programming?
Where is the sitemap code that has to be added into a Python program?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
Should I study Python, C++ libraries, or the math?
How do I use 3 sockets in Perl with files?
What compiler was used to compile and obtain Mac's Unix binaries from its source?
What is the use of scanf("%* [\n] % [^\n]",…) in c-programming language?
Why is the space necessary in the C-statement: scanf (" %c", &variable) while it's not necessary when storing %d or %f variables?
How do I test for an empty JavaScript object?
Is core Java knowledge enough to start with R/Machine Language?
Why did the C++ containers get named ordered/unordered sets/maps instead of the underlying data structures such as heap and hash?
Do all data science languages have roughly the same speed if you vectorize?
Is there any sense in learning languages such as Java or C# for web development if there is JavaScript or Python?
What are the list of JVM programming languages?
Are there any good libraries for implementing AI in C#.NET or Azure?
What was your experience with building Intranet applications in Python?
What is a “barraeat variable” in programming?
What are some hacks to learn programming?
Can I compile and execute the Java program in a non-C drive (D or E)?
I know how to code, what should I do to give my coding a direction?
How can one find the degree of a node in a connected graph (C programming)?
Why does an object need to get stored in another object in programming?
What are the best tutorials about full stack JavaScript?
Can someone teach me how to program from scratch for free?
In Java, how would you rotate an object while keeping the velocity constant using the Graphics class?
Should I learn these languages in the following order, SQL then Python then R?
How do I make a JavaScript function usable to me at any time without having to define it in the console beforehand?
Which master's program should I choose PHP or Ruby or Python?
How can I be good at programming? I’m a 2013 passout.
Is Kotlin the official language of Android?
Where do I get programs for Python?
As a mechanical engineer, which programming language should I learn, Java or C++?
How do I run an algorithm written in C?
If we declare a variable for a loop, is that variable global or local in JavaScript?
How do you build a reverse function in Python which spits out a new list based on a list and three indexes?
What is the best language to program a neural network? Between C, C ++, Java, and Python, what is the best in terms of performance and difficulty?
What does written codes mean in media, and what are some examples?
What is a good algorithm for a bid-ask spread in C language?
Hod do you create control arrays in Visual Basic?
What is the best blog to learn Java and J2EE?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
As a final-year college student, which computer language should I learn PHP, Python or Android?
What is the main difference between while(1) loop and for(;)?
If a code segment has a descriptor in the register itself, what is the selector needed for?
What should I choose, CSE or IT, if I like programming and web development?
How can I compile C graphics programs when it gives the error message: "prog.c: 1:22: fatal error: graphics.h: No such file or directory"?
Will Go Language replace C++ in future? Will C++ still be relevant in the next 8-10 years?
What language is the best for game development?
What can I do to strengthen my Java programming skills?
Is web development faster in CoffeeScript than JavaScript or TypeScript?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
Is passing data through global variables good practice in iOS?
What language is Wikipedia code written in, C++, HTML, or something else?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
How do developers update decentralized apps on blockchain?
Can I create an operating system using Java and C#?
Is thorough knowledge of C++ necessary for learning operating system and data structures?
What's Alan Kay’s opinion of the D programming language?
Is there gofmt for Java?
How can I reverse the number and check the palindrome with a bitwise operator in C?
How we should convert aptitude into programming?
Can I create a smartphone OS using Python?
How do I convert the numeric data type to text/string in c#?
How can a Java program simulate keyboard pressing?
How do I create PHP program which outputs the integers in order by the times they're repeted in the array?
Where can I learn C programming effectively within a time frame of 2 months?
What is the best website to learn programming and why is it the best?
While making code for sizeof() operator, what is the purpose of typecasting?
Is it better to implement data structure in C language and then implement it using OOPs?
How do I implement algorithms after watching Andrew Ng's ML course as he does not (or very less) implement the algorithms in any programming language?
What is the trickiest program you have come across in the C language?
For people who use compiled languages, how much of an effect does compile time really have on your workflow?
What is the Swift Standard Library?
What is the learning path for Python?
Which language is better for getting high loot in CoC?
Google has announced a new official programming language for Android, called Kotlin, but can we develop Android apps in Java unofficially?
In computer jargon, the 1 ASCII code is 1 byte. Then, why is it that only 7 bits are used in the ASCII code?
What should I do about my friend who took my microprocessor's assembly coding?
How do I call a function inside Django without having to import it?
Is there a Common Lisp library that is missing and needed by the community?
Why is Python used for machine learning? Why not use C, C++, or Java?
Is it worth to use OpenCV in Swift with "bridge" that effects performance, or should I stick with Objective-C?
How do I create a table only using a nested loop and 2 variables in PHP?
Is there any website that can teach me Java and C++?
While studying programming, is it better to jump to the next page if you find a topic too difficult to understand?
How would you view a project based on multiple programming languages?
Who named Babel (computer language compiler/transpiler) as such?
Why it is hard to run a program in C++?
Do neurons code memories with population code or with spiking code and how does it work?
What is the C code for a wheel graph (connected)?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
In Swift, can you make a switch statement test against a dictionary?
What are the different types of literals used in C++?
How can I ensure images to show up in a Java Program in different computers?
How do I know that I learned C or not?
Which is the best institute to learn Python in Bangalore?
How does the word "kotlin" sound to native English speakers?
How do I start learning Kotlin without any programming background?
What are some practical uses of closures in JavaScript?
How does C compare to other languages?
Which is the best IDE to start with if I want to learn Java?
How do you write a function that switches the position of Python indexes?
What does the term The Code of Blue mean?
Which language is the fastest at getting a point across?
How can I execute a Python function via a CMD command?
Why does this Java code print the same two negative numbers?
What is a preprocesser directive?
What programming language should I learn if I am a biomedical engineering student?
What are some of the body languages we really need to work upon?
Will AI based programming be a thing in the future?
What programming language does Thumbtack use on the back end?
What should I use for Android Studio: Naive (C++) or Java code?
Which programming language is in more demand for jobs in India?
What game should I code in “Minecraft” using Python?
Is it fine to use "mapper.writeValueasString()" while returning JSON value from Java code?
What are some books or resources for learning C# functional programming?
Where can I get Learn Python the Hard Way by Zed in Hyderabad?
Is it reasonable to use R programming language for a TOPSIS algorithm?
Why doesn't anyone code on the Xserver anymore?
Is there anyone who has not practiced programming since childhood but still is good at programming?
How do I retrieve a specific field's (varchar) null values from PHP/MySQL?
Will Google stop supporting Java as the official programming language for Android in support of Kotlin?
How does a total beginner start learning cyber security from scratch with little knowledge of programming?
What are at least 10 challenges (programs/projects) in Python to undertake so that I can learn enough to be classified as 'more than an intermediate'?
Why does Golang's make() have overloaded version while Golang does not support overloading?
Which course is playing a prominent role in computer languages?
I know the fundamentals of programming in Python, how do I get into web development?
How can I make a Windows application in C# in a professional way?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
Intro to CIS or Intro to Object-oriented Programming. Does it matter which one I take first?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
How can I extract usernames from HTTP headers using a client-side scripting language?
Do I need to learn PHP or any other programming languages to clear AWS DevOps Associate Level Certification?
How can I program output into PowerPoint slide using Java & JSP?
What are the different techniques of debugging method?
Which technology has a better future: Java, PHP, or .NET?
How do I keep myself updated with latest updates in programming languages?
What are some web applications I could build with my inexperienced father in order to teach him programming?
Can I have a C++ program on restaurant management using data handling?
Which language should I learn for placement, C++ or Java?
How do I create a class from scratch, in order to teach programming to kids?
How can I learn C#? What topics should be clear?
Which book is better, "Think Python" or "Learning Python"?
Is Kotlin Programming Language similar to Swift?
Is declarative programming good for 2D games development as in QML (Qt) and the Ring programming language (Allegro/LibSDL)?
Why didn't Google develop its own "Kotlin," if it wanted a Java substitute for so long?
What is the simplest README file to include in my Java program?
How can we learn coding in programs in our own way?
How do you check whether a user enters an integer input, character input or string input in Java?
Which is the best way to revise C language​ thoroughly​ in a short time?
Recently I developed chess in Java within approx 6-7 hours, I am highly interested in programming, what field should I refer to?
Why do we use classes in Java? What is the need for it, because in C language there is no use for classes.
Which languages, APIs, and frameworks do I need to learn to become a Full Stack web developer?
While learning C++, do I need to solve all of the problems in the book, let's say the C++ How to Program, Deitel book, or can I just solve 5 or 6 problems in every chapter?
Why does the Wolfram Language use (a form of) M-Expressions?
Which language is used to program Jarvis?
How do I display line numbers and the lines from the file file.txt that contain the string Lin and display output in color?
Which area of C/C++ programming is required for ECE and from where can I learn them?
Is there something about Lisp that lends itself to garbage collection?
What are type annotations?
How can I check Java JRE architecture in C/C++? I know Java has the System.getProperty ("OS.arch"). Is there a similar function call in C/C++?
What JavaScript modules should every beginner know?
In Java, is there any way to say type T extends either Type 1 or Type 2, where the only common ancestor of Type 1 and Type 2 is Object?
Why should I start learning how to code?
What server-side stack should I use for a new project?
How do I insert Java script array values to mySQL database?
How do I write a simple program in the C programming language that will help me to create a macro equal to a set of code, including a main function?
What are keywords and identifiers in C (simple words please)?
How do I get the execution time of MIPS assembly code?
Is being a interpreter as a career a good decision, and which language best for it?
What are the basic programs in C, C++, and Java?
What is the use of Java SE?
What is the benefit of taking classes in C++?
Which language should I learn for Android app development if I already know C++: Kotlin or Java?
Which language is best for an internship, PHP or Java?
Which are the best and cheapest institutes for PHP, .NET, and Java programming in Hyderabad?
What is the C++ example program with all OOP concepts?
Why are the creators of Golang more focused on compilation speed than on execution optimization?
As a beginner to computer programming, should I learn to write code in Kotlin?
How can I make a Python function add a number into a list of numbers?
What are the differences between ordinary variables and pointer variables in C?
What are the interesting network programs one can develop in Python?
What are the basics of probability? How can you use it in programming?
Why does an uninitialized variable (member of a class) being assigned a zero value and not a garbage value when we try to print its value.?
How can a pointer work as an array?
How did Ivan Sutherland create Sketchpad? What programming language did he use?
Do I need to learn autoboxing and how to widen concepts for Java 9?
How do I catch an exception on any line of a Python program?
How can I measure the speed of code written in PHP?
What will happen if a char variable gets a complete string as input in C++?
What are the current research projects in CS, especially in the area of programming languages in IITs? I’m looking for a survey.
Can anyone give me sites to free courses on Java programming online?
What if I wrote the wrong set number but the right code number?
When you're programming, has your program ever got stuck because of demanding the same location in the RAM (or the same data different times)?
Can I use IntelliSense code completion on an inactive code block in VS?
Is it possible to write good code in JavaScript or is it as bad as many people say?
What is the stack/language to build a software management system that can be installed or used as a live web application?
On a scale of 1-10, how useful would C and C++ be for a career in the IT industry?
What are the best free online programming bootcamps?
Function having int, int as arguments then can we pass arr [I],arr [j] in that function?
What is the code to find files with same names which are in two different directories in MATLAB and to display similar files together?
How do I run Windows batch script on CMD?
What are the different types of coding styles? Which one do we need to follow, and why?
Is it necessary to have knowledge of C++ for the Informatics Olympiad? If we have a basic knowledge of some other language like Java, will it do?
Is it common to have problems on every step of learning programming?
How do I capitalize sentences in Python?
What are the languages I need to learn before joining a hexaware company?
What are all the different ways to read a string with white spaces into a character array in C?
Which programming language has the maximum scope in the current scenario?
What site can I put up my python code for editing?
Internship is at Google in C++. I don't know C++, but have multiple internships and CS experience. How hard will it be to get up to speed at C++?
How can I scan and print double in C programming?
What are the best sources to learn about concepts in web development/programming?
In C language, why do we use scanf ("%d", &(*p)) instead of scanf ("%d", p) as p itself is an address?
How is C++ used at Apple?
How can l make a C programming function so that its output is the pulse that must supply a stepper motor and its input is the angle required?
Is F# a good language to study?
How do I make this python code do parallel processing?
Is there a difference in regex between the R programming language and Javascript?
What are the top file sharing programs?
What are the coding languages​ or tools used in the ISRO related to electronics or computer science?
In what language is the JavaScript "engine" in a browser written? (I mean the part handling JavaScript.)
Can I use the Swift package manager to build a MacOS GUI app?
How do I check a common English expression like { ("good" NEAR "people") or ("gain" NEAR "money") } against Regular Expressions (Regex) in C#?
Should functions or methods be like this: beginSession, or BeginSession?
What language would you like to learn in the future?
How can I organize my whole day and what kind of things can I use to do it (like programs, sites, notebooks)?
Are there any analogies between learning a foreign language and a programming language?
What is the best intro into AWS deployment for Scala (or Java)?
What is Java console?
I'm interested in economics and I'm learning programming. What useful program (at an adequete level) should I make?
Did you have a plan to support the Apple Swift programming language?
Which programming language must an electrical engineer know?
What technology should I choose to be in the market of programming?
As a 14-year-old, I loved programming and have mastered several languages, but how can I utilize this skill in the future?
How can one starts learning programming without any computer background?
How do you create a software in C and Java?
How can we calculate internal marks using a Java program?
How did Ritesh Agrawal (OYO Rooms) learn programming?
What amazing things can I do if I combine calculus with Java?
What are the most important parts of computer programming?
Why is Python better than Java?
How do I write a code to accept a password using mikroC for PIC16f877A?
Which programming language is better, Python, PHP or Java?
How do I make a code in C for converting speech to text?
Where can I start programming?
What language do I need to learn to get started with Kotlin?
What is the difference between a C function and a C program?
How do I make a function that capitalizes sentences in Python?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
Are there any more Char 2Cs left?
How do I go about using ESRI.fileGDBAPI.dll in C# to create an FGDB?
How can I make a program of greater than and less than using the same button in JavaScript?
How can I print a specific key value in a group of dictionaries in Python?
How does type checking in programming language work?
What should a novice learn first: C, C++, Python, Java, or JavaScript?
How do I start preparing for the GSoC? I know C++ programming language. What should I learn in order to clear the GSoC?
Is there any change in swift code after SBBJ has been merged into SBI?
Can Python be faster than Go if we use PyPy?
What are the applications of Encapsulation in Java?
Can one scripting language be used to handle client side requests and also talk to servers for responses? I mean a single scripting language for both?
Does C# have job opportunities?
Should I learn high-level programming languages first or low-level languages?
How does a linker get the object file of a printf() function?
Is there a Robocode like Game or Challenge for Python?
What is the first step to learn a language?
How can I write Python code in HTML?
How much assembly knowledge do professional game developers need?
What is an effective way/code to brute force input for getting a desired output?
Why is the object System.out showing Java.io.PrintStream@12b124 when I am printing it?
If I already know programming, can I become very proficient in Scala in just 1 month?
Is it worth learning Elixir?
How can I use my web development and Java skills?
How do I fill in the gaps in my programming understanding? I’ve always learned by jumping into projects on my own (using documentation and videos).
Is there a high demand for language translators/interpreters?
Will HTML be available in the future?
Which is best technology to develop an web based ERP using Visual studio 2013? (Jquery with C# or ASP with C#)
Where can I run C programs?
How do I use 'make' in C in case of a filename which contains a space?
I am new to programming. I am learning Java. I can’t concentrate. What do I do?
Which OOP concept is used to find the hit ratio of a website?
Why did Google replace Java with Kotlin, and why only Kotlin but not other languages?
How can I read the last line from a log file in Python?
What is the best route to take for a newcomer wanting to build GUI applications?
Will it be soon in the near future that JavaScript joins with the Java language to link the front and back work in web software?
How do I add two numbers in C++ without using any third variable and '+' addition sign?
In Java, what does the word abstract do?
Is CoffeeScript easier to use than JavaScript?
Which language do I need to know to hack the CIA’s website?
What is the difference​ between​ an array and a string in Java?
Is there something like LearnCPP but for C#?
Are brains programmed or do they program themselves?
How do I start competitive programming if I only have basic knowledge of C and Java?
What are the differences between getch() and scanf() in C?
What should I know first to create a compiler using Go programming languages?
How do I code a simple addition program in C?
Is Python 3 documentation the best way to learn Python?
What are the necessary things I should do to start programming in C++?
When learning networking and for networking certifications, do we have to learn the programming language or not?
Which of the code snippets below is the correct way to check if a Compass sensor is present on the system, explain your answer?
What computer course should I take in 11th class? I know only Java as of yet but I want to take CBSE. There is no option for Java. What should I do?
As an electrical electronics engineer, what programming language must I know very well?
Does a Java tutorial exist for intermediate programmers?
Why has Android introduced Kotlin as a new language? What is the advantage of Kotlin over Java?
What is meant by nesting a structure in C programming?
What is the best way to learn Python, where do you recommend I start?
What is the best physical python books?
Why is my code giving an NZEC runtime error on SPOJ while it is working fine on Ideone and CodeChef compiler? I am a newbie, so some guidance will be appreciated.
What are the program languages used to create Linux?
Where do macros get stored in the memory layout in C programming?
Is there any scope for a banker to enter an IT firm without knowing languages?
How can one best learn an assembly language?
To start learning Selenium, how well do I have to know or be familiar with Java?
In C#, why can members of a class (methods) not access the members (fields) without making an instance of that class, while this is not the case in C++?
What is the difference between compiler and translator?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
What are some Graphics libraries compatible with Visual C++ 2017?
As a programmer, how hard could it be to migrate from Android to Fuchsia (Java to Dart)?
Is C# a practical language for desktop apps?
Which programming language do I need to know to build bots on Twitter?
What are the pros and cons of using a programming language like Wolfram over using something like Python, PHP, or Java for an AI-assisted web tool?
Can Kotlin programming language be used to build iOS apps?
Is it necessary to learn C++ before taking CSE at any college?
Can I learn C++ as my first programming language?
Can the MFCC value be converted into speech in Python?
Why doesn't Google itself use Android Studio for creating their own apps instead of using languages such as Java, Python and C++?
Which one will be better to learn as an apprentice: Python or Java? Why?
How do you learn to program computers?
How do I make a JavaScript program?
What is #include<iostream.h>?
How long can a programming beginner understand dynamic programming?
Where is the object file of the printf() function located?
What is resource-based programming?
Is Scala a good choice to learn in 2017?
What do I include to use Windows API functions in C++?
Is decrypting the WannaCry code possible?
Which coding language is required the most in companies?
How can I fix my program for making initials in Python?
What would be a conversation between Java and C?
What is the best institute for C++ in Chennai?
How can I make a program of polynomial of degree 6 in Java?
What is the Swift code of OBC Bank Karampura?
Is it logically/mathematically possible to prove that bug free code doesn't exist?
Which version of Python is used in MITx's 6.00.1x?
How can I monitor the most used programming languages in my company?
How do I start coding in the Java language?
Why don't business people want to code or learn to code?
Can anybody write a simple code of kotlin new Google's programming langage and explain it?
How do you remove the comma completely in Python?
What are the advantages of an assembly language in comparison with a high level language?
Is there a chance of landing a job by just learning a single programming language and technology?
What programming languages does Google use?
What is the main difference between scanf and printf?
Which is the best online tutorial for C++,  especially for a design pattern socket?
Is it worth learning Java if most programmer already know Java?
Which website has the most code?
I want to make a block breaker game on C++. I have the basic C++ graphics knowlegde. How can I programme the path of the ball after it bounces?
How can I check a palindrome number in Java? What are the steps?
Are there any unexplainable anomalies in computer coding that could suggest machines have a soul?
If in job description they ask for basic knowledge of C++, C#, Java, what does that mean?
Why are languages very important?
Is it possible to learn the basics of Python using only iOS and the app Pythonista?
Which accounting software is most widely used in British offices in London?
Where should I go if I want to learn all coding languages?
Can I learn Java programming language from 2004 book?
Which one is more useful now, Scala or Kotlin?
Any Python 3 version of the code in: http://blog.districtdatalabs.com/a-practical-guide-to-anonymizing-datasets-with-python-faker#disqus_thread?
What programming language should I learn out of C and C++, after already knowing Java?
Which is the best script language for embedded systems?
In Python, if the length of my list (listname=words) is smaller than a certain number, followed by another condition (see the comment), how can I append the value in the list to another list?
How do I write a Python code using QPython on an Android phone?
Can C++ and PHP be used together for server side development? If yes, then through which software?
Should I learn Kotlin following the Google I/O 2017 (although I am already learning Java)?
After TensorFlow, should I really bother with learning C++ for machine learning or should I stick to Python?
Should I give up programming if I already spent 10 years on it and still can't become proficient?
What is the difference between *a+1 and *(a+1) in C programming where a is the base address of an array?
Why is coding so hard for me?
What trendy IT tools/courses in India do not need programming language and can help one to get a job?
Should I learn the design patterns of every programming language I learn?
Which one is a complete and versatile language, comparing libraries and framework, Python or JavaScript?
Why does a C++ program give the same garbage value on multiple executions?
How do I distribute work to workers using the Python queuing method?
How can one permanently highlight multiple selected lines in Pycharm?
Why the syntax of golang opposite to that of Java, C++ or other common languages?
Which language programming is strong for web development?
Is it necessary to know programming languages in deep to learn Selenium, and if so which all?
What are the best programming language(s) to build a website that takes user input to calculate a commercial store gondola?
How can I start learning or practicing REST API with C#?
How do I make a program that gets initials in Python?
Do people sometimes call Python 3, Python 3000 or Python 3k?
Where can I get an R script?
Which languages are required to make a social networking software?
How can I learn programming in Java with greater concepts?
Which field is better, C.A. or collector?
What programming language do machines use?
Do I need to learn Java and C++ for mass recruiter companies?
What data type can I use in MySQL that accepts both string and integer?
What is the most reliable C compiler and how could I make it work on my PC?
How do I get my code to pause for a set amount of time before carrying on to the next line?
How much time will it take to be a master at Kotlin programming language?
Is it bad practice to use the same name for structs and functions in C?
What should I learn, Java or Python? Which is going to be used more in the future?
Can I learn advance Java without knowing core Java?
In which language is Quora written in?
What is the best programming language for face recognition application?
What if I want to enhance my coding in Python (knowing the beginner concepts) for class 11 and 12 standard CBSE? What are the best websites for revision and more?
How can I create a text file in C if I have in main() a switch statement?
Why does Google choose Kotlin over Scala as a new first class language for Android development?
What is the difference between object and array in Java?
What language or framework is Instagram web coded with?
What are some fundamental things about desktop programming?
As a person interested in programming, how do I prepare for the so called "bubble pop"?
What is Any in Swift?
What skills do I need to master to say I'm good in Python with confidence?
What is it like to create a compiler?
How do I increase my OOP skills in C++?
Which is the best website to read about technology rankings and the upcoming programming languages?
Which programming languages or skills are necessary for a form website developer?
Which are all the languages you've ever thought to start learning?
I am planning on learning to code on my own. Where do I start?
How good is the online course of C++ at Coding Ninjas?
Will JS frameworks eventually take over from object oriented languages?
Which language is the best for the future - .NET, PHP, or WordPress?
How do I make my code gain a chocolate flavor?
Why does concatenating two arrays give us a string in JavaScript?
Google apps highly uses artificial Intelligence, which languages do Google use for coding of AI? Is it possible to do Google AI coding in C++?
What are unary, binary, and ternary operators in C?
What tool can I use to store and fetch data when necessary while developing a Java program?
How do you make a GUI on a program?
How can I get arrows as input in Java?
What programming language can make something similar to pexels.com?
I want to work in SBI as an engineer. Which programming language should I know?
What are the three basic and most important programming languages which I should learn to become a good programmer?
Why doesn't Python come with a form designer like Visual Basic and the Ring programming language?
What is the difference between Compiletime Exception and Runtime Exception?
What computer languages does a programmer need to learn?
How do I flip in Python?
How can your make C++ interpret another language? Node.js.exe is written in C++ but it interprets my JavaScript code for the server.
What is the difference between for and while in C program?
How can I program the matrix in MATLAB especially for loop function?
What's the best way to learn Python as a 14-year-old?
As a student, is it smart to create my own programming math libraries?
What language is used to make MySQL? Does it use Stack (other than list, tree, etc.)?
Is it possible to develop a database application that can run on the web (cloud) and on the desktop without using two different programming languages?
Which languages are more relevant for Computer Science careers?
What is the best way to extract all variable names (instance or local- irrespective of the scope) and method names from a Java source code file?
Which programming language has more scope in the IT field?
What extensions should I install in Visual Studio 2017 if I want to use only C language?
Can system.out.println be written as system.user.println?
“rem= (I%10) TypeError: not all arguments converted during string formatting”. What does this mean in Python?
How do I execute CPP files in CLion without making any projects?
Is there any boot camp for Java online?
What are the benefits of studying programming at Codecademy?
After learning HTML and CSS what programming languages should I learn next for web development?
How can I implement the C language?
Is the lifetime of static and global variables the same?
How should I teach myself about topics like AI and Deep Learning if I have no prior knowledge of programming? I want to start from the basics.
Where can I study computer programming in Germany?
Before starting big data, what should I learn? I don't have knowledge in Java.
Can I implement drag and drop functionality using openGL library with c/c++?
Will C/C++ be replaced by a modern low-level language in the future?
How much time does it take to learn Java for a Javascript developer?
What is a POSIX-based multi-threaded code? What is an example of the same?
Where should I write my code before hosting it?
In which AI project can I use Java?
Is there a standard cryptography interface for C++ as there is for Java?
What's a good book to learn the "terms" used by penetration testers and what they do to further proceed on how to use them?
How does C++ compare to Objective-C?
What should I learn this summer? I am confused between embedded systems and web development. At the moment I only know C programming.
Where can I start with C language?
How would you explain code flow?
Where can I get John R. Hubbard’s Programming with Java book?
Why does Sublime highlight any word starting with an 'm' and then uppercase like mA, mLldivas, mClsdi when the syntax is set to C++?
Are GTK+ and QT bindings good enough for Python (Windows) or do I need to switch to C#?
Where can I learn artificial intelligence in Python?
What programming languages and tools are used to create websites with interactive info graphics and data analysis (like the website pudding.cool)?
What programming language should I learn during a 60-day holiday?
Which technology or programming language should I use to make a Windows desktop application? I know C, C++, HTML, CSS and I’m learning PHP and Python.
What is the best computer language to get a job in the IT sector?
Where can I find a good mentor to learn C# development in depth in India?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How can I start learning C programming and Java?
What do you think of using Swift for creating a REST API?
Is programming really that fun?
Which programming language has the most useful built-in functions?
Is it possible to get a job without a degree, but still know the programming languages?
Are there any jobs for retired persons coding in Java?
Is there any easy way to learn top to bottom MATLAB programming for an electrical engineering student?
Why does an SAS statement end with a semicolon?
How do I print the same numbers of two different lists in Python?
How can I understand the Vanilla.js source code of TodoMVC?
How can I direct input into a C program to be stored in a text file as it is entered?
How much time do I need to invest in learning C# to be hirable, and which areas in IT may be most prospective to look for a job in?
How many types of constructors are in a string class in Java?
How can I apply in CTS to be a programming analyst?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
What coding language do I need to build a website like Equaldex?
I plan on studying computer programming in college. What programming languages should I familiarize myself with?
As a recession in the IT industry in India just started, which skill/language must a CS undergraduate learn to be able to secure a job in 2019?
Which language has the best future prospects: Python, Java, or JavaScript?
Which is the best app to study, C, C++, or Java?
What does the following C# method return?
What's the longest way to print hello world in JavaScript?
Is there any use of programming languages in the petroleum industry, especially the upstream sector?
In which fields can Golang be used?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
What is the future of the Pony language?
What is a self complementing code?
Which language should I learn, Java or JavaScript?
Is it worth to learn C++ for native Android development, and when do I need it?
How do I download C# in 2017?
Is mathematics the programming language of the brain?
I’m a teacher in a private school in Delhi. I want to learn a language which will be good for my future. Where should I learn that?
Which RAM can be used in PIC18, statics or dynamics?
How do I change the language of a software program?
Which is the simplest website to learn C programming?
What programming language should I focus on if I'm creative and visual?
What should I do after learning C++ basics?
How do I revise for the final computer c++ examination?
Which is the best coaching/training center to learn programming languages in Coimbatore?
Is Data Camp good for learning R and Python?
Why is Google adding Kotlin as an official programming language for Android development?
What programming language should I learn first if I want to start a software company and at what age is it to late to start to start a tech company?
Will private class properties will be implemented in Javascript?
Are monad (functional programming) and class (object-oriented programming) the same thing?
How do I avoid using sudo in tar commands in Python?
How can I transfer information from one file to another in Python?
Do I learn Kotlin or Java for Android?
Can downloading Python cause a laptop’s touchpad to malfunction?
Is it necessary to learn mathematics first before learning programming? I already know the basic prerequisites of math.
Can I learn two languages at the same time, like C# & Java?
What is the difference between const char* and char* const in C?
What is your favorite programming music?
How hard is Kotlin when compared to Scala?
Where can I find the Java code for a chess game?
Is it possible to learn Advanced Java before learning Core Java? Is it understandable?
Which programming language should I learn for learning Swift from 0?
Since C has its own printf library <stdio.h>, why does C++ still need to create its own <iostream> to cin and cout?
Which programming language should I invest my time in? Ruby? Swift? Python?
How long does it take to learn Swift coding from scratch and be able to make an app?
Which concept of Java is used most in Hadoop?
What is a black book?
What is the best way to use Python to simulate trading?
What are some Java libraries for visual and audio analysis?
Is there any way to remove the licence of any APK file by its source code?
What are advantages of Scala over Kotlin?
What is the best design pattern for a c# back end?
How can one select an input in a switch statement, even if it is inside a while loop in C?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
Which one is better for a better career: C# or Python?
How do I write a C program to print the sum, difference, product, and quotient of given integers?
Is it a bad idea to place dataframes in a list in Python?
How do I find free c programming tutors online?
What does this line " B(): numB(1) {}" mean in the code snippet below?
Is it okay to quit your job to learn programming with just $20,000 in one's account?
What's the connection between language library and OS library with respect to system calls?
What is the meaning of, “Python is a zero-indexing language, unlike R where indexing starts at one”?
How do I start coding in Unity and learn how to code in other programs?
What should I learn to build my own website or store like Amazon? What computer languages and other stuff should I learn?
Can we execute a program without main() method?
How can I create my own programming language? What are all the prerequisites?
For new projects with massive amounts of data which must be accessible through the web via a rest API, which language would you use, Kotlin or Python?
Which IDE for Python is best suited for a new programmer?
What resource should I use if I want to further advance my programming skills aside from TutorialsPoint?
What are the topics I need to learn in Python for a job?
Where I can learn C++ in Hindi?
Can the Python language make us rich in a poor country?
Why does Hadoop use its own serialization and deserialization (SerDe) even though it is available in Java?
What is the return type of a program’s main method?
How important is learning a programming language for an engineer?
What programs should I use for Twitch?
How can I learn basic Programming concepts of C, Java, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, and SQL within a very short span of time?
Can we mix Javascript, C# and another language (like Python, for example) in a single project?
In C++, can adding the keyword “const” at any place change the program’s behavior?
What are some best resources to learn Python OOP?
Is it better for myself to stay in old technology or to switch over to newer emerging technologies?
How does the “jump to” function work?
What languages are you currently learning? What languages do you want to learn?
What is the most effective way to learn OOP (Object Oriented Programming)?
Is it worth learning C++in 2017?
Which is the best programming language for developing web applications? Why should I choose that programming language and not another?
What is the best place to learn C# in Cairo?
Where can I upload files to compile a code for R online (R studio)?
Which programming languages are taught at SRM in CSE?
What are some common errors that JavaScript beginners make which have no effect on the overall outcome of the code but overcomplicate things?
Which online group or even a website should I join/visit regularly to improve my Java programming?
Can a person be a good developer without knowing C?
Where are record type and struct type in Google BigQuery typically used?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the apycot unit testing tool for Python?
How do I start basic level programming in Arduino?
Besides markup languages and programming languages what other types of computer languages are there?
As a linguistics student, should I learn Python 2.x or Python 3.x?
What are Java courses?
How many people in the world know computer programming?
How does one develop a syntax analyzer by using JFlex and JCup? Please provide the CFG of the language.
What kind of job can a person get with knowledge of PHP?
Is it possible to train an AI program to decode hash strings back to their original content (at least to a degree of probability)?
Where can I work after I’ve left the programming field?
Does programming mean everything in IT?
What are the basic languages I need to learn to become a programmer?
What's an easy way to teach someone the sense of programming?
Will programming ever become irrelevant? I don't​ want it to be though because it's so much fun to code.
When do you finally know you can code?
Is it possible to initialize N1 to N100 variables in a loop?
Can I write reasonable complex programs if I know conditional statements, loops and class?
What’s the difference between PCM coding and VLC coding?
What are the essential personal attributes required to learn Java?
How do you use C programming to compare two integer arrays and see whether they are identical?
How do I find the PDF of Brian W. Kernighan's book based on the C language?
I'm starting learn Python, but I don't know where to learn first. I've learned English and know some languages like PHP and Java. Can you instruct me?
Where should I learn Python, I know C++?
Is it worth learning C++ or Java just for algorithms?
Is Ruby only for web development?
Can we access protected methods in different packages?
Which is the best institute to learn python language in Bangalore?
Is Kotlin language similar to Java?
How should I write the Java code for Polish Notation and Reverse Polish Notation using stacks and/or linked lists?
Android just got official support for Kotlin. Are they doing the same thing Apple did with Objective-C and Swift?
Do I practice coding enough?
Is there any single advantage to using delegate/callback over async/await in asynchronous programming with C#?
Why does online Java programming always shows compilation error even if its certified in books that this program is correct?
Is it a good practice​ to learn two programming language in parallel?
How do we solve input-output questions in IBPS?
What is the advantage in defining your app as a struct in Go?
How are graphical programs created using C++?
Could someone suggest a good website to learn JavaScript?
What is an example of an overloaded binary operator program?
What is the actual use of file handling in any language? What various things can we do with it in Python?
How much advanced C++ should I learn before understanding TensorFlow source code?
Which programming language is easier C+ or Linux?
Which loops execute the fastest in Swift?
What is the difference between difference and symmetric difference in Python?
How are methods used in Java?
How is Python better than Java or C#?
Which is more optimized and has a faster runtime, a program executing n threads or executing n functions in an infinite while loop?
What are some major differences between Java and Kotlin?
Precisely what does the equals method do in Java?
Can anyone give me c++ OOP programs?
Should I learn C++ or Python security-wise?
How can I use turtle graphics in Java?
What’s the difference between the use of “else” and “else if”?
What programming language and library is best to code automated bot independent of a service's API for beginners?
What is the last char in a char array?
What do you think about using Natural Programming in the Ring programming language?
What's the best online course to learn C#? Being a new VB.NET developer, I would like to learn the new ASP.NET Core. This is only available in C#.
How can I learn programming online step by step?
Nowadays, which language does not have a written form?
Do you need to learn Java if you already know Javascript?
What should I do if I know nothing other than writing simple programs?
How do I make a program which includes different programming languages?
What are some good C programming tutorials on YouTube?
Is programming everything in the IT industry?
Do all object-oriented languages support encapsulation?
Are there advantages to languages without operands, like Esolang Brainfuck? (simple design, simple processor architecture)?
Why is this Java code not working without initializing the values?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning inside of the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
In programming, why can't we store an integer value like this, Int y=3,400?
How do I master a programming language without getting bored everytime I open a book?
How do I start programming for iOS?
What is the requirement to become a Full-stack developer of any Programming Language?
What are keywords in C, and why do we need them (simple words please)?
What are the programming languages required to know for making an electrical circuit simulation software like Multism?
What do we use basic programming for?
If you had 3 months to learn JavaScript, how would you do it?
What are some awesome hacks in computer programming?
Can you write a C program that demonstrates the gets() function?
How does the fflush (stdin); function in the C language work and what is its specific purpose?
Why do you want to study programming?
How can I combine two arrays to form a composite spread (A-B) data series in a programming language?
What is the syntax of a star pyramid in Python?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
What is the best YouTube channel to learn new programming languages?
How easy or difficult is it to transition from Racket to Clojure?
How does the methods of JavaScript objects are handled in memory?
Knowledge of which programming language is required to make an e-commerce site?
In Ruby, how does a method taking a block work?
What are programme educational objectives?
How do I display the output of my code written in C language on the screen for a user but not in the command prompt?
Why is Python not the first language for students in schools & colleges?
What would you like to add to the concept of Digital India to make it more efficient and effective for all of us?
How do I create a file using Java 8?
What is the difference between a throw and throws in Java?
What is the difference between Earn and Learn and the EMTN Program?
What are the pros and cons of learning things through self-learning formats?
Should I carry on a competitive program in Java?
How useful is Configure.IT for computer programming?
Why doesn’t Java support structures?
How can I write a C program to check whether a number is prime or composite using a while loop?
Why does Map<> m = new HashMap<String, String>() not compile?
Is an interpreter an alternative of compiler?
How do I take input of a String and a int in one line in Java?
Where can I find some help with the Python G-spread module case sensitive issue?
Does Brian Bi use C++ in Google as well?
What is the purpose of typecasting in C language?
What are the benefits of learning C++?
Is it possible to learn C/C++ language effectively from books instead of institution?
What are things that encourages me to learn Python?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
What's the difference between Python, PHP and Java?
Which topics do I need to learn from a programming language to compete in a compitative programming?
What is an application program interface?
Is the knowledge of "system programming" mandatory to learn "compiler design"?
When do we use C vs C++? What are the use cases for C and C++?
Why can't Indians build a security software with programs consisting of all regional language scripts to secure confidential data?
Whats the power lifters program?
Where do I learn about programming languages?
What functions do you miss in lua?
I am done with Java, is this language cursed or something?
How can a beginner learn Python efficiently in six months?
How do you know you know a programming language well enough to apply to an entry level job using that language?
How can program performance be evaluated? Explain with example.
Where do garbage values come from?
Can I start Kotlin as my first programming language?
How long and how hard does it take to learn Kotlin if I already know Java?
What is the programming language which is most likely to be used for developing network in which machines will share knowledge?
What was your first AI program in any language?
What is the best for Java SE?
What are some websites that teach all the programming languages from beginning to advanced?
What are some good free programs for learning and doing computer animation?
What is (or was) your favorite discontinued programming language?
How can I concentrate in programming and be a good programmer?
Why should we use algorithms and flow charts in C++?
Is it possible to use Python in Android Studio instead of Java?
What are the best free or cheap resources to learn machine learning in Python with basic Python knowledge?
What is the way to display an odd number using the recursive method in JavaScript?
How do I create the libraries in C++ for Windows?
What should we do if we want to install a GNU GCC compiler?
What is a powerful alternative to Python?
How do we break and continue a function in C, and why do we need to do this?
How does the Hürkuş-C compare to the A29 Super Tucano?
Which site is best for learning programming and networking?
Why doesn't Kotlin require semicolons at the end of statements?
There are about 7,000 different languages on Earth, so why haven't we invented one language for everyone?
It is often said that Python code is much easier to write than one written in C++, for example. What are some examples from the point of view of an expert?
How do I write code in Python?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
How do I learn MATLAB/Python online if I have a commerce background?
Do you think a new language is a door to the new world?
Which programming language should I learn first for Robotics?
What are data type conversions in c (explain in simple words please)?
What are the meanings of ++*p and *p++ in C++?
What is the difference between literal and variable in Java?
What is good course for a C++ freelance programmer to learn the fundamentals of computer science?
Why have programming languages changed very little since 1975?
How do I start developing a basic trojan?
Do I need to learn coding for digital marketing, and if yes, then which language?
In programming, what is a library and what is a framework? And what is the difference between them?
What is the best language to write in AI?
How do I start learning to program apps?
Would you start a new (web app) project with Scala or Kotlin?
Does Go support concurrency better than Erlang? Can one can consider the Go language rather than erlang for issues with concurrency?
Is it possible to learn Java with in two months for a complete beginner ?
What are some good tutorials for Python and MATLAB?
What are the trendy IT tools/courses in India for an experienced person, and which do not need much programming language knowledge?
How do I write C code for load instruction and store instruction?
Why is there such a demand for Python programmers?
How is a C program related to a device function?
What does "@" do in Python?
How much can I earn as a programmer that uses Java or any other programming language?
Does IT engineering reqires assembly programming?
What does written codes mean, and what are some examples?
What programming language should I learn to become a better developer?
What's a C program to retrieve nodes by id in a linked list?
Is it mandatory to learn C before learning embedded C?
What language does not use any C library like glibc at all?
What do I do to be considered for an embedded programming job when I have a hardware experience of 4 years and basic knowledge of C?
Where should I start from to become a good hacker? I only know C language.
How many operators have different meanings by default? Is it the “+” and bitshift operators only? I'm not talking about the operator overloading.
How do I add two files using Python?
Which is faster: Int64 or Int8?
What is the use of "factory class"? Also what does this code imply "public static interfacename getInstance() {}". Lastly, what’s the use of this method?
What does feed form mean in Java?
How do you make a program for insult generator?
What low level programming project can I take up that can be completed in two months time?
What 2 developer languages does Stripe use?
Which online course should I take for under $20 to learn iOS development and Swift and Objective-C if I am a beginner?
How do you write a program in Java that removes all "0" digits from a number without string?
Why would I need to write a code whose purpose is to write another code?
How do I implement C code for the transmission and reception of data using CAN protocol?
Should I write a compiler?
Should I know some computer languages before taking CS?
Can a function without parameters be curried?
When AI passed the Turing Test, what programming language will have been used?
How would you recommend learning C as a Golang developer?
What are great things you can do, using Java programming?
Which is the best back end programming language to connect with database applications?
What is wrong in following the code of merge sort?
What code should I learn if I want to become an ethical hacker? I considered learning to code basic games a good alternative. Do you have any language recommendations?
In the C++program, the following loop is not getting executed more than once. Why?
Why is desktop app development so irritating?
How much time will it take to learn programming if you have no Computer Science background?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
How does a program or a set of codes give instruction to a machine, and how does a machine sense that code via a sensor and a particular part of a machine?
What is difference between object oriented programming language and object based programming language?
What are the format specifiers for all types of data in C?
What is the addon digital technology that we can learn when we have mainframe cobol background?
What should I learn first, to get a software job ASAP: Core Java, .NET, HTML, or CSS?
How do you write a function which swaps indexes in the opposite order in Python?
What can I do to master computer programming, provided I am a newbie?
Where can I learn hacking with Python from the most basic level?
What are the best open-source programming languages?
How do I prevent programs from being able to take a screenshot (Windows) when my program is running in any programming language?
What is the framework for artificial intelligence in Python?
Which is the best book to learn C and C++ both starting from basic to advanced level?
What is the best software for making Apps and what programming language should you learn?
What language should I choose, Java or Python?
How do I start programming games in C++?
How can I make a time delay in Python?
What is the difference between "source code", "compiled code" and "packaged code"?
I want to learn core Java. How many days should it take?
Why are non-Python developers still insisting on time-wasting spaces for indentation instead of tabs? (See question details.)
Which programming language are good for every stage of IT?
Which programming language is used by SEMrush to track keywords?
Is there any method in programming that even if the “if” statement is true, the “else” part of the program will run?
Is there a site where I can find code that has problems so that I can master debugging?
What is the code for making a server live in socket programming using C?
How is my C Code able to act as a code, from an artificial intelligence perspective?
Do I understand functional programming if I know that it is a composition of functions, it is immutable and that is favors parallel programming?
After learning the C programming language, which language should I learn - especially for problem solving?
How much Java should we want for Selenium?
What programming languages allow the passing of complex objects by value, like C# does?
What's the coolest thing you can get a computer to do in 100 lines of code?
How can I fix this error in Python, “TypeError: coercing to Unicode: need string or buffer, file found”?
When learning to program, is it better for me to look up code online and modify it for my needs or try to do it from scratch (e.g., traveling salesman P)?
What programming language should I learn to build something like Instagram?
(Read details) In Python 3.0, does float matter at all, and if so, why/how does it matter?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
How many projects do I need to work on to become an expert in a programming language?
How can we make a program in C++ for printing the results of 3 students using only three given header files i.e. iostream.h, string.h, ctype.h?
How do I get an internship if I have basic knowledge of C and Java?
Can I get a job if I learn only SQL n advanced SQL, or should I learn other technologies like Java, SaaS etc, to be frank I am poor in programming.?
Which is faster <<endl; or <<"\n"?
To what extent has Google moved from Objective-C to Swift for their iOS apps?
Who has the original WannaCrypt code?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
Where can I find a good tutorial on WebSockets in Kotlin language?
What is meant by modeling in Python?
What is the difference between a whilestatement and do-whilestatement in C?
What programming languages do I need to learn if I want to be experienced in VR, AR and AI?
How do I learn programming from scratch?
What will be the fee for a core Java course in Hyderabad?
Why do we need to write a code to sort an array?
What is the difference between a synchronized and volatile keyword in Java?
Is Python a good language for making microservices?
How do I assign the length for a variable in Python?
What is the advantage of using Python over PHP in a web application?
How can I convert my Java program into a .exe file type?
Should I take the the time to learn computer science before starting with programming?
What does the statement "%-15s%03d %n", s1, x in a print statement of Java mean if s1 is a string and x is an integer?
How do I implement envy-free algorithm in Java?
How do I view the implementation of built-in functions in C programming?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
Is a bootcamp a good way to learn programming languages?
Do you think programming is becoming oversaturated?
Why can't I see PunktWordTokenizer while I can see other punkt-related classes in Python NLTK 3.2.2?
How does the fflush(stdin) function in C language work and what is its specific purpose?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
How do I code a Python function for Pig Latin?
When are labels most frequently used when writing a program in an assembly language?
Has any serious project been written in a non-English-based programming language?
What basic language​s should I learn before joining Wipro (other than C, C++, Java, and .NET)?
Someone told me their girlfriend just started to learn programming and that she learned it in 2 hours. Is this possible?
How do programming language commands work? For example, how does a computer understand the Print+F command if it only understands binary code?
What is the purpose of inner classes in Java?
Is being an interpreter​ a good career? Which foreign language​ is the best for an interpreter​ in the tourism industry, and what is the salary​ for this job?
What was the most impossible programe you made, since you started computer programming?
Where can I get free study materials for CA, CMA, CS?
Can a ML and AI enable us to optimize functional programming performance?
Can we create array of objects in Java?
Can someone give the step-by-step details to set up Visual Studio code for Java and C++ in Ubuntu?
If I am having variable 'a' in which string is stored than how can I match that string with table of a database SQL with Python?
Which computer language is best for programming?
How can I start C++ programming with computers?
I’m interested in programming, low level languages, building apps and hardware-related stuff (like circuits, etc.). What is the correct degree for me to pursue?
Does the first line of compiler generated no-arg constructor also has statement "this()" in Java?
What are the most efficient ways to make notes for future reference while you are coding or practicing algorithms?
Can an old MacBook be used to learn Swift?
What is the difference between Java ME and Java? Are they completely different, or only slightly different?
What is the difference between >= and => in Java?
Can I be selected in any of the big companies in India if I code in Python?
What is the difference between #define and #include?
How do I count up the domain name of email addresses using Python?
What is the best way to learn R language?
What are some fun programming projects for beginners?
How good will it be to use Kotlin in Android app development? What if any company doesn't start using Kotlin?
What is output 2500ad in mpmc?
How can I find out the prime number in a given range in C?
How do I read multiple input with BufferedReader in Java?
Which programming language is necessary for building an app for a conference call?
I always hated to program in low level languages, should I forget about data science as a potential career? I mean C/C++ compared to Matlab, R, Python
What does \t do in Python?
How do I write a program that will accept 5 integers entered by the user and check that all numbers entered by the user must be ranGen (>5 &&<51)?
What is printf and scanf?
How do I use loops inside arrays to find the average?
Should we begin with Tensorflow, Keras, or Sonnet, in order to develop a prediction system for time series data? Must we only use Python-based languages?
Is the C# language falling out of use?
Can structures in C++ have private access specifiers?
Is it necessary to learn Kotlin if I have experience with Java?
Is it true that after I have mastered C++, picking up other languages like Python and Java won't be difficult?
I would like to write a script for a folder rule in Outlook. Where do I start? I have some programming experience in C and C++. Would this help?
Which language should I learn: Python, C++, C or Java if I know Javascript at an intermidiate level?
Can I destroy my computer with a bit of code, like have it heat up and explode, or something like that?
What language should anybody learn before cryptography?
How do I move into larger projects (programming)?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What is the user defined function in C (simple words please)?
What is the best app/software/piece of code that you’ve written using the Python programming language?
What is a dry run in Java?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
What is the relationship between cryptography and programming?
What is the best site online for learning C sharp programming language?
What are the different parts of Java? I've heard of Angular, Core, and Advanced. Can I get some more details?
What courses or programing language is best for a mechanical engineer (first year)?
How can I write a code in Java so that, during the run time, the code can modify itself?
What is the difference between Core and Advanced Java?
Can a Swift developer that's applying for a job requiring Objective-C too learn Objective-C without writing any?
Is it possible to use C++ STL in C language as most of the C compilers are C++ compilers?
How does a compiler produce an assembly language as its output?
Can I send updated locations every minute in an API in Objective-C?
Why does left shift or right shift operation on an unsigned integer show garbage as output?
How do I go from being good to being great in Python?
Does the strlen () function calculates the length of the string along with null character?
Is there any SOAP request option in Python 3.4?
What kind of programming languages are used to build softwares for NASA spacecrafts?
What kind of sort does C++ use to do multisort?
In C++, what is type conversion and what are its types?
How can I code in C-language for a double 7-segment display countdown timer for a micro controller?
Which one should I learn in 2017, Elixir or Kotlin?
Is it possible to build compilers in the regional languages of Indian states?
What language should I learn for a job?
Which version of Python, 2 or 3, is better for a data science beginner?
Should beginners use frameworks and plugins while learning programming?
In object-oriented programming, what is the difference between a static object and a constant object?
What does "==" mean in C programming?
Which are some good websites from where I can get some good questions on bitwise operators in C programming?
What should I do? I have a Masters degree in Telecom and Broadcasting. Should I learn a programming language or go for a networking course like CCNA?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
How can monads help in Python?
What languages should I learn for a future in game development?
What is a proper way for me to learn Java?
Can we initialize a constant variable and static variable in a constructor?
Would it make sense to learn programming to fund machine learning studies?
How can I use G10 code in CNC programming?
How long does it take to self-learn “C#/.NET” to freelance web apps developments? What needs to be done to learn it, and is it worth it money-wise?
I have not passed in Microsoft programming in C#, when can I take the retest?
Who is the youngest person to create a programming language?
What is the best assembly language for creating viruses?
Is the Java software, JDK, platform independent or platform-dependent?
Why do languages like C++ still require semicolons in 2017?
How do I make a basic D++ cyber security program?
How do I make a game in Java?
Is Java equally good for creating Web applications as PHP, Ruby and Python?
What is the best method to value Java objects? Is serializing objects to JSON and then measuring them a good idea?
What is the C code behind Java's system.out.println(); statement?
Can I do the CS50 course while trying to learn C++?
Which language is mostly used in IT fields, and which language is learned for jobs?
What programming language should I learn to make a game prototype?
How do I execute a Python script from a web browser?
How and what should I read to develop my coding logic?
How will learning Python help in Quantitative analysis?
What source codes were used to program Need for Speed: Shift?
How will it help me in the future if I learn Python?
What is static and dynamic economy? Explain with examples.
What are some cool small projects in Python?
Is there any significant difference between programming languages? Which one is better to learn first for a beginner?
Is there any open source software that can produce humanlike speech without having an actor/model record their voices in the first place?
How do I write a generic function in C to sort an array of any data type without using any library function?
What are some JavaScript little known yet useful code snippets?
Which edition of "The C++ Programming Language" by Bjarne Stroustrup should I buy? Rather, should I read some other book?
What is -5 ** 4 = -625 in Python?
What is the difference between a runtime error and compile time error in C?
How does the garbage collector destroy the static method of a function in C#?
What would be different in C++ standard library if there was no backward compatibility restriction?
What are ways Swift is safe by design?
In JavaScript, is a variable that’s inside a loop global or local? If it is local, how do I make it global?
How should I move string functions to two different variables in a single statement in COBOL?
What are some examples of programming?
How do I get into coding?
As a computer science student, how should I do programming? Which books should I follow or which type of programming language should I focus on more?
Which programming language can call other languages?
Can a C++ developer learn Wordpress?
Is there any online course for competetive programming?
In final A obj=new A(), what is the use of the final keyword on object?
Which route should I take after learning Python?
Is there an alternative to code?
Is C# a good language for a career?
I was using Turbo C++ recently and my friend suggested me to use Visual C++ instead. How can I compile my program in Visual C++?
Why don’t we make computer programming similar to human language (i.e. you directly put the question and you get an answer)? Why use programming language?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
How do I program a digit counter function in Python?
What are some good, free resources to learn Python?
Why do we have so many languages, but only use one set of numerals between all the languages?
What programming language today would be most efficient for creating a social media platform?
How can I write effective code?
Can you explain the difference between procedural programming and OOP?
Is Fortran free?
What is the maximum amount of languages you can learn before you start forgetting some of them?
How is PLC ladder logic converted to machine code? Does it really convert into machine language?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
Is the inbuilt 'trainImageCategoryClassifier' function of MATLAB supported for deployment?
How do marker interfaces actually work in Java when they are empty interfaces?
Is C programming language used in developing frameworks, IDEs, APIs, game engines, servers and artificial intelligence systems?
I am thoroughly cleared with programming concepts but unable to code. Which are the best books to help me write code?
Which language should I learn first, Java or XML?
What are the advantages of using data files? What are the types of data files in the C programming language?
What's new in Swift 4?
Can you learn Java in 2 summers?
Where can I get a link to a good and complete Assembly X86 tutorial which also has the architecture of PCs?
What are homogeneous elements in an array?
What is Clojure language good for?
Out of all the C standards (K&R, C89/90, C99, C11), which standard is the most used on production?
Is the C++ Standard Template Library (STL) still in common use or just legacy applications?
How can I learn C language in 4 days?
What is a good Python book oriented to people with programming knowledge?
Do I spend enough time practicing programming?
If people consider PHP a bad language, what’s the alternative?
How is the online course C++ at Coding Ninjas?
What's the best way to learn Python for a C coder?
Which is the best programming language, still not used?
How long is 512 bytes of code?
Which language and platform should I select to build a chatbot for a web app?
Do I need to know the basics of a language to study that language's IB Language A?
Is typedef uses to create a function pointer?
Which languages do not have WordNet yet?
Is Java a good language for a career?
How can I get into product-based MNCs with 4 years of experience with C programming and Linux device drivers?
What are the topics to be covered in Java for testing?
What language should I learn now (read details)?
How do I learn C programming as an ECE student?
What should I do further, having a bit of experience in Java and C language?
Why is Haskell doing this infinite wait on a variable that’s assigned to itself ?
How do I write a simple program in the C programming language that helps me to create and print reports?
Why should I write "new" before some variables like new vector3 or new array?
What is position array?
Is there a Linux distro that is code ready (Having a compiler and something to write in, like semi-code), if so are there any for C++?
Where can I get Python experience for web development?
How much code do you need to learn when becoming an ethical hacker? A little or a lot? And what languages?
How can I use a foreign language in an HTML document?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
How do I begin in electronics programming using C?
Is pair<int, vector<int> > allowed in C++?
Can you guide me in socket programming using C?
Is it valid in C to use (I=1;I&lt; =10;I++)?
Which online language learning program is better: Duolingo or Babble?
What are simplest ways of learning Python from scratch?
What are the best low-cost resources to learn Python?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
Why would a C program cause a segmentation fault when run remotely through SSH, but not on my local machine?
Is there a place where can I check the appliances of code structures used in games and programs?
How do I put off studying programming because I can't think of projects to do?
Does a single software has a single programming language?
What are the best ways to clear logic for computer programming?
How do libraries for programming languages do their graphics? Am I FORCED to use OpenGL or is it possible to actually write, in code, graphics?
Why can't Python compile this? I want to produce an array which takes subsequent indices (i, i + 1, etc.) and multiplies them.
Why is writing a conditional operator using a ternary operator is a better practice in the JavaScript world nowadays?
How do game engines and API codes work? For example, how do programmers explain to a computer to move a mesh through code. How do computers understand code?
What are the advantages of Kotlin over Java?
How are C programs converted into software?
What should I do if my Python function isn’t returning anything?
Does knowing both C and C++ become confusing?
Does knowing a foreign language beforehand prove beneficial for an IFS aspirant? Also, what are some of the languages he/she can opt for?
What are the different fields in programming, such as website development, android app development, etc., etc.?
Can computer be considered as a language in DU?
What are necessary things to know for web development in Python?
What are PHP programs?
Is Java crucial for fully understanding OOP?
Where can I find a good compiler?
If the string is that string=Apple, then what is the logic to print the out "ppale" in Java?
Is there any Python-equivalent simulator like Yaes?
What is the fastest language for programming?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
Why isn’t my keyboard working in Turbo C++?
In JavaScript, what phrase do I use for "when"?
Where can an experienced programmer learn online about iPhone programming?
How does the copy constructor work in Java?
What free app or web communities are there for Scala developers? I have learnt Scala recently and want to learn further and contribute.
How can I print '√' in a Python program?
Is there any Golang library that is equivalent to Python's NLTK?
Could "Dart" replace JavaScript?
What is the possible programming language to be used in Fuchsia OS application development?
What are literals? Explain the different types of literals being used in C++?
What are the benefits of learning R language as a computer science fresher?
Is the Objective-C language dying?
What is a string token in C++?
Which language is easier to learn, Kotlin or Java?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
What is the best example with Java/Python code of the dependency inversion principle?
What programming language was used for making Microsoft Office for Android?
Why does Java not support templates?
Life is short. Do we really need Python?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
If I know C# and C++ and want to start developing GUI desktop applications, should I learn Xamarin/C# or Qt/C++?
Is it a must to learn functional programming nowadays?
Which languages are preferred for making an attractive website?
If I want to get better at programming should I learn more functions or just solve the problem the longer way?
Is it possible to develop a scientific application using C#/Java like Python/MATLAB?
Where can I learn Python? I have no programming​ experience.
What is the best approach for preparing for competitive programming from zero?
Is this important to gain some knowledge about computer languages after JEE advance before admission?
Why is it better to write code in CoffeeScript instead of Javascript?
Learning to code by myself. How do I get my code reviewed?
I want to become a hardcore programmer but I don’t know anything about programming. What should I do?
Is it possible to get elements into a null array by a user in C programming?
What programming language does Uber use on the backend?
Will reading code merges to master help me learn to code better?
What are the best free sources to learn Python?
How was your process of learning programming from day 1? Was it good or tough?
What are some suggestions for any good book or website to learn back-end programming?
Which language should I choose to design a business intelligence website, Python or PHP?
What skills are required to be a part of GSoC? I am good at competitive programming (C++) and know basic web and Android development.
What is the best free online course to learn Computer Science and C++ programming?
What should I learn after object oriented Java?
How do I learn Java fast and practically?
What's difference between a Mac Book Pro 2015 and 2016 in terms of programming?
Is Kotlin a future of Android?
Can I learn PHP directly if I don't have any knowledge about HTML, Java, or any other language?
Should I learn Core and Advanced Java from Treehouse or from any other site?
What is the range of the double data type in Java?
How can we improve the way we teach programming?
What will the IT industry change if everyone can learn programming to Google engineer level without any effort?
What topics must be coverd if I learn Java online?
How can we design a code converter that converts 84-2-1 code into 8421 code and implement it by using 4X1 mux?
What programming language should I restart with after a 15-year gap (coded in C++ nearly 12 years ago)? I have the urge to get back to programming.
What is the review of doing Crux (Java foundation course) with Harpreet Bhaiya at Coding Blocks?
How can I learn programming myself? I am a beginner.
How much does the cost increase when a startup choose .NET rather than Java?
Must I have good programming knowledge to use mLaas?
What are the differences/uses of PHP, jQuery, Ruby on Rails and JavaScript?
What is the output of the following program: int main() {int i =2; int i = i++ + i; printf ("%d", i);}?
Whether java.lang.Object should be interface instead class?
Can someone who uses Java for competitive programming use Kotlin?
What's coding like? Is it hard to do and do you need expensive tools?
What can these programming languages hack? SQL, JavaScript, Ruby, Python, PHP and C++?
Is BEC(H) useful?
Is teaching yourself foreign languages and programming languages good as a summer activity/extracurricular?
Why do we call some functions in Python using the syntax "function (argument)", and others using "argument.function()"?
How do I start trying Kotlin on my Windows machine with lots of programming experience but zero Java experience?
Which is the most trending programming language which can be beneficial in the future? I want to learn something related to programming.
Which programming language is easier, Java or C#?
What programming language will be useful for digital forensics?
How does one represent a mathematical function in C programming?
Is C# the most powerful programming language?
What is the best way to learn a programming language, and what are the best websites for minor projects?
Which programming language do cryptographers learn?
Do people on Quora know about the Livecode programming language?
Which languages do Malaysian people know?
I am learning shell scripting and find it even more difficult than Java and Python, is this normal?
How to begin with functional programming languages like Haskell?
Why can't we reduce the visibility of a method in a Java subclass?
What is the reason for the output of the following code (C++) and why is it showing warnings?
What is the best data exchange method between C++, DLL, and C#?
What are the languages important for gaming today?
Why did Google pick Kotlin instead of Swift?
How do I code for HTTP and CoAP?
What are the simplest projects that can be implemented in Java at a university level?
How do I make the PSO optimizing variable static for each time it will run on MATLAB?
How can I combine multiple languages to create one final program or website, as shown in the image?
Is C++ difficult?
Is it necessary to have a strong grasp in language for science learning at middle school level?
On Quora, there seems to be a problem with every programming language, especially PHP, Python and Java. What should people learn then?
How do I store the instantaneous value of a changing variable in C?
How do I set a timeout with the connect function in C++?
How should I start learning data file handling in C++?
Which is a resource for non-beginners to get started with C++?
Is the number of citations highly dependent on the language?
What is the way to start developing GUI programs/apps in C for PCs?
What are the different computer languages that the electronic and telecommunications branch teach?
What programming language should I build my applicant tracking system in?
What is the programming model of a microprocessor?
Why did Evernote clone for Linux Nixnote ditch Java in favor of C++?
Is there a programmer that knows 5 languages fluently?
How should I learn Python to understand it in a better way?
How good is the Loki C++ library?
Why does Andrew Ng's ML course teach the useless language of Octave instead of Python and C++?
What is the best offline course for learning Python?
How do I print a character the same as input in C++?
What are some nice tutions in Kanpur to learn new programming languages like Python, HTML, CSS, and Android?
What is the address of instruction if a label is assigned to the LTORG statement in system programming (eg., L1 : LTORG)?
What makes a std: :vector "const qualified"?
How does Kotlin compare to Swift?
What would be the best source to learn C++ for competitive programming?
Where is the sitemap code that has to be added into a Python program?
Is it possible to do supreme level of AI coding in C++?
Which 10 programs of Turbo C++ are used the most?
What compiler was used to compile and obtain Mac's Unix binaries from its source?
How do I test for an empty JavaScript object?
Why did the C++ containers get named ordered/unordered sets/maps instead of the underlying data structures such as heap and hash?
What is a “barraeat variable” in programming?
What are some hacks to learn programming?
How is a variable similar to or different from its identifiers?
Should I learn these languages in the following order, SQL then Python then R?
How do I make a JavaScript function usable to me at any time without having to define it in the console beforehand?
Where do I get programs for Python?
We use JDK for Java. We use Net for C#. What should I use for C++?
What does written codes mean in media, and what are some examples?
What is the best blog to learn Java and J2EE?
What language is the best for game development?
What can I do to strengthen my Java programming skills?
Which computer language on learning can give me a good package?
Will Go Language replace C++ in future? Will C++ still be relevant in the next 8-10 years?
What language is Wikipedia code written in, C++, HTML, or something else?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
Can I create an operating system using Java and C#?
What is the best website to learn programming and why is it the best?
How do I implement algorithms after watching Andrew Ng's ML course as he does not (or very less) implement the algorithms in any programming language?
What is the trickiest program you have come across in the C language?
How do I create a do-while loop in C#?
Which language is better for getting high loot in CoC?
Which course would be best, computer programming or computer programmer in Canada?
What programming languages can Xcode 8 be used with?
How do I call a function inside Django without having to import it?
Is it worth to use OpenCV in Swift with "bridge" that effects performance, or should I stick with Objective-C?
Is there any website that can teach me Java and C++?
In Swift, can you make a switch statement test against a dictionary?
What are the different types of literals used in C++?
Which is the best institute to learn Python in Bangalore?
Which language is the fastest at getting a point across?
What is a preprocesser directive?
Which programming language is in more demand for jobs in India?
Where can I get Learn Python the Hard Way by Zed in Hyderabad?
Is it reasonable to use R programming language for a TOPSIS algorithm?
How do I retrieve a specific field's (varchar) null values from PHP/MySQL?
Which course is playing a prominent role in computer languages?
How can I make a Windows application in C# in a professional way?
What is functional programming, and what is an example in JavaScript?
How can I program output into PowerPoint slide using Java & JSP?
What are the different techniques of debugging method?
Which technology has a better future: Java, PHP, or .NET?
How do I catch an exception thrown by another class in C#?
What is the simplest README file to include in my Java program?
How can we learn coding in programs in our own way?
Which languages, APIs, and frameworks do I need to learn to become a Full Stack web developer?
Which area of C/C++ programming is required for ECE and from where can I learn them?
What JavaScript modules should every beginner know?
How do I write a simple program in the C programming language that will help me to create a macro equal to a set of code, including a main function?
Why should I start learning how to code?
How do I insert Java script array values to mySQL database?
How do I get the execution time of MIPS assembly code?
Is being a interpreter as a career a good decision, and which language best for it?
Why are the creators of Golang more focused on compilation speed than on execution optimization?
How can I make a Python function add a number into a list of numbers?
Why does an uninitialized variable (member of a class) being assigned a zero value and not a garbage value when we try to print its value.?
How can a pointer work as an array?
What will happen if a char variable gets a complete string as input in C++?
Can anyone give me sites to free courses on Java programming online?
What are the current research projects in CS, especially in the area of programming languages in IITs? I’m looking for a survey.
What are the best free online programming bootcamps?
How do I run Windows batch script on CMD?
How do I capitalize sentences in Python?
Should I learn Machine Learning and Android App Development simultaneously? If yes, which programming language(s) should I go for?
In what language is the JavaScript "engine" in a browser written? (I mean the part handling JavaScript.)
What language would you like to learn in the future?
What is the best intro into AWS deployment for Scala (or Java)?
Did you have a plan to support the Apple Swift programming language?
Which programming language must an electrical engineer know?
How can we calculate internal marks using a Java program?
How can I debug better and faster in C programming?
How did Ritesh Agrawal (OYO Rooms) learn programming?
What amazing things can I do if I combine calculus with Java?
Why is Python better than Java?
Which programming language is better, Python, PHP or Java?
How do I make a function that capitalizes sentences in Python?
How can I make a program of greater than and less than using the same button in JavaScript?
How much of a game programming is low-level?
Is there any change in swift code after SBBJ has been merged into SBI?
How can I use my web development and Java skills?
Is there a high demand for language translators/interpreters?
What's the fastest way to generate random IPs in C++?
Is there a book that just lists out inbuilt methods on Python?
How can I read the last line from a log file in Python?
How many languages were known by Sambhaji Maharaj?
What is the difference​ between​ an array and a string in Java?
Is there something like LearnCPP but for C#?
Are brains programmed or do they program themselves?
How do I start competitive programming if I only have basic knowledge of C and Java?
How do I code a simple addition program in C?
What computer course should I take in 11th class? I know only Java as of yet but I want to take CBSE. There is no option for Java. What should I do?
As an electrical electronics engineer, what programming language must I know very well?
Why has Android introduced Kotlin as a new language? What is the advantage of Kotlin over Java?
Why do people think that learning Python is very difficult?
Where do macros get stored in the memory layout in C programming?
Is there any scope for a banker to enter an IT firm without knowing languages?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
Which programming language do I need to know to build bots on Twitter?
Can I learn C++ as my first programming language?
Why doesn't Google itself use Android Studio for creating their own apps instead of using languages such as Java, Python and C++?
How do you learn to program computers?
Where can I find a list of all the programs used in C++?
What is #include<iostream.h>?
How long can a programming beginner understand dynamic programming?
What are the top 3 software for C++ GUI for beginners?
What is resource-based programming?
Is decrypting the WannaCry code possible?
What would be a conversation between Java and C?
What is the best institute for C++ in Chennai?
How can I make a program of polynomial of degree 6 in Java?
What programming language do you need to know to be able to hack, and which will also help me in the future?
How do I show the series 3, 13, 23 by using C program?
How can I monitor the most used programming languages in my company?
How do you remove the comma completely in Python?
Is there a chance of landing a job by just learning a single programming language and technology?
How can I check a palindrome number in Java? What are the steps?
Which website has the most code?
If in job description they ask for basic knowledge of C++, C#, Java, what does that mean?
How do I write a C++ program to concatenate two strings without using the strcat function?
Which one is more useful now, Scala or Kotlin?
Can C++ and PHP be used together for server side development? If yes, then through which software?
After TensorFlow, should I really bother with learning C++ for machine learning or should I stick to Python?
What is the difference between *a+1 and *(a+1) in C programming where a is the base address of an array?
Why is coding so hard for me?
What are the best programming language(s) to build a website that takes user input to calculate a commercial store gondola?
Do people sometimes call Python 3, Python 3000 or Python 3k?
Which languages are required to make a social networking software?
How can I learn programming in Java with greater concepts?
What data type can I use in MySQL that accepts both string and integer?
What should I learn, Java or Python? Which is going to be used more in the future?
In which language is Quora written in?
Why does Google choose Kotlin over Scala as a new first class language for Android development?
What is the difference between object and array in Java?
As a person interested in programming, how do I prepare for the so called "bubble pop"?
Which is the best website to read about technology rankings and the upcoming programming languages?
How good is the online course of C++ at Coding Ninjas?
How can I create a modular system in C++ that responds with different answers based on the phrase (without duplicating the same code over and over)?
How do I make my code gain a chocolate flavor?
What are unary, binary, and ternary operators in C?
How can I get arrows as input in Java?
What programming language can make something similar to pexels.com?
What are the three basic and most important programming languages which I should learn to become a good programmer?
How can I enable FX in Java 8 Nashorn ScriptEngine?
How do I flip in Python?
What is the difference between for and while in C program?
Can system.out.println be written as system.user.println?
Is there any boot camp for Java online?
Where can I study computer programming in Germany?
In which AI project can I use Java?
How much time does it take to learn Java for a Javascript developer?
What's a good book to learn the "terms" used by penetration testers and what they do to further proceed on how to use them?
How can we get and handle an exception in real life using Java?
Why does Sublime highlight any word starting with an 'm' and then uppercase like mA, mLldivas, mClsdi when the syntax is set to C++?
Are GTK+ and QT bindings good enough for Python (Windows) or do I need to switch to C#?
Where can I learn artificial intelligence in Python?
Can I develop a web app if I don't know any languages like Python, Ruby, JavaScript etc? If yes, then how?
What coding language do I need to build a website like Equaldex?
I plan on studying computer programming in college. What programming languages should I familiarize myself with?
What's the longest way to print hello world in JavaScript?
Is mathematics the programming language of the brain?
What programming language should I focus on if I'm creative and visual?
What should I do after learning C++ basics?
How do I revise for the final computer c++ examination?
How do I change the language of a software program?
Why is Google adding Kotlin as an official programming language for Android development?
How can I transfer information from one file to another in Python?
Can downloading Python cause a laptop’s touchpad to malfunction?
Is it necessary to learn mathematics first before learning programming? I already know the basic prerequisites of math.
Is there any way to remove the licence of any APK file by its source code?
What are advantages of Scala over Kotlin?
How can one select an input in a switch statement, even if it is inside a while loop in C?
How do I find free c programming tutors online?
Between Java and Python, which is more useful for computational programming and data analysis? Why?
What does this line " B(): numB(1) {}" mean in the code snippet below?
Can we execute a program without main() method?
What is a good and fun new programming/scripting esoteric language that I can learn?
For new projects with massive amounts of data which must be accessible through the web via a rest API, which language would you use, Kotlin or Python?
What is the best way to learn any language from the beginning?
What are the topics I need to learn in Python for a job?
What is the return type of a program’s main method?
Where I can learn C++ in Hindi?
In C++, can adding the keyword “const” at any place change the program’s behavior?
How does the “jump to” function work?
Can functional programming languages like Haskell and Erlang be used along with Java/C++ etc to develop web or mobile applications?
What is ISEAL code?
What are some common errors that JavaScript beginners make which have no effect on the overall outcome of the code but overcomplicate things?
How do I start basic level programming in Arduino?
What are Java courses?
Does programming mean everything in IT?
What are the basic languages I need to learn to become a programmer?
What’s the difference between PCM coding and VLC coding?
Android just got official support for Kotlin. Are they doing the same thing Apple did with Objective-C and Swift?
Could someone suggest a good website to learn JavaScript?
Which program is best in making a stand-alone database program?
Which programming language is easier C+ or Linux?
What are the importance of scripting language?
Precisely what does the equals method do in Java?
Should I learn C++ or Python security-wise?
What is the class code for CodeHS?
What do you think about using Natural Programming in the Ring programming language?
What's the best online course to learn C#? Being a new VB.NET developer, I would like to learn the new ASP.NET Core. This is only available in C#.
How can I learn programming online step by step?
Do you need to learn Java if you already know Javascript?
Is programming everything in the IT industry?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning inside of the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How much money does it take to learn Java in India?
If you had 3 months to learn JavaScript, how would you do it?
What do we use basic programming for?
Why do you want to study programming?
What is the best YouTube channel to learn new programming languages?
Why is Python not the first language for students in schools & colleges?
What programming language should I learn to become a test automator (UI testing)?
How useful is Configure.IT for computer programming?
Is an interpreter an alternative of compiler?
How do I take input of a String and a int in one line in Java?
What are things that encourages me to learn Python?
How are programming languages developed?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
Which topics do I need to learn from a programming language to compete in a compitative programming?
What is a null reference exception?
What is an application program interface?
What functions do you miss in lua?
Can I start Kotlin as my first programming language?
How long and how hard does it take to learn Kotlin if I already know Java?
Who has spent time learning and programming in Elixir, then decided by choice that it was not for you? Why?
What is the best for Java SE?
What was your first AI program in any language?
What is (or was) your favorite discontinued programming language?
Is it possible to use Python in Android Studio instead of Java?
How do I create the libraries in C++ for Windows?
How do we break and continue a function in C, and why do we need to do this?
Why doesn't Kotlin require semicolons at the end of statements?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
Which programming language should I learn first for Robotics?
What are the meanings of ++*p and *p++ in C++?
In programming, what is a library and what is a framework? And what is the difference between them?
What is the best language to write in AI?
Does Go support concurrency better than Erlang? Can one can consider the Go language rather than erlang for issues with concurrency?
How do I start learning to program apps?
How is a C program related to a device function?
What does written codes mean, and what are some examples?
Does IT engineering reqires assembly programming?
Is it mandatory to learn C before learning embedded C?
How do I add two files using Python?
Can we call a function in C++ by using a specific word while the program is running?
How efficient is Swift language?
How would you recommend learning C as a Golang developer?
What is wrong in following the code of merge sort?
What code should I learn if I want to become an ethical hacker? I considered learning to code basic games a good alternative. Do you have any language recommendations?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
What is the addon digital technology that we can learn when we have mainframe cobol background?
What should I learn first, to get a software job ASAP: Core Java, .NET, HTML, or CSS?
How do you write a function which swaps indexes in the opposite order in Python?
Can I learn programming in my phone?
Where can I learn hacking with Python from the most basic level?
How do I prevent programs from being able to take a screenshot (Windows) when my program is running in any programming language?
How do I start programming games in C++?
Which programming language is used by SEMrush to track keywords?
Why are non-Python developers still insisting on time-wasting spaces for indentation instead of tabs? (See question details.)
Is there any method in programming that even if the “if” statement is true, the “else” part of the program will run?
What programming languages should I learn to make Android apps and games?
What programming languages allow the passing of complex objects by value, like C# does?
How can we make a program in C++ for printing the results of 3 students using only three given header files i.e. iostream.h, string.h, ctype.h?
How do I print the longest line from a set of strings given as input in C?
Can I get a job if I learn only SQL n advanced SQL, or should I learn other technologies like Java, SaaS etc, to be frank I am poor in programming.?
What is meant by modeling in Python?
What programming languages do I need to learn if I want to be experienced in VR, AR and AI?
How do I code a Python function for Pig Latin?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
Do you think programming is becoming oversaturated?
How do I use loops inside arrays to find the average?
Should we begin with Tensorflow, Keras, or Sonnet, in order to develop a prediction system for time series data? Must we only use Python-based languages?
What is a void in Java?
What is the best site online for learning C sharp programming language?
Can a Swift developer that's applying for a job requiring Objective-C too learn Objective-C without writing any?
Is it possible to use C++ STL in C language as most of the C compilers are C++ compilers?
In C++, what is type conversion and what are its types?
What language should I learn for a job?
Is it possible to build compilers in the regional languages of Indian states?
What is printf and scanf?
Which online group or even a website should I join/visit regularly to improve my Java programming?
How can I send a PHP form with variables using Ajax and JavaScript?
What languages should I learn for a future in game development?
Would it make sense to learn programming to fund machine learning studies?
I have not passed in Microsoft programming in C#, when can I take the retest?
Is the Java software, JDK, platform independent or platform-dependent?
Is Java equally good for creating Web applications as PHP, Ruby and Python?
How will it help me in the future if I learn Python?
What is static and dynamic economy? Explain with examples.
Is there any open source software that can produce humanlike speech without having an actor/model record their voices in the first place?
Which edition of "The C++ Programming Language" by Bjarne Stroustrup should I buy? Rather, should I read some other book?
How does the garbage collector destroy the static method of a function in C#?
What are some examples of programming?
How do I get into coding?
Is there any online course for competetive programming?
What is the future of the Pickbasic/Unibasic programing language and its scope in India?
My computer notes say it is better to use local variables and parameters in modules rather than using global variables. What does this mean and why?
Why don’t we make computer programming similar to human language (i.e. you directly put the question and you get an answer)? Why use programming language?
Why do we have so many languages, but only use one set of numerals between all the languages?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
Why should we study C# when we already know C, C++?
What is Clojure language good for?
What are the advantages of using data files? What are the types of data files in the C programming language?
Out of all the C standards (K&R, C89/90, C99, C11), which standard is the most used on production?
Is the C++ Standard Template Library (STL) still in common use or just legacy applications?
How can I learn C language in 4 days?
What is a good Python book oriented to people with programming knowledge?
How long is 512 bytes of code?
How do I print a C Program output in the middle of the screen?
Is typedef uses to create a function pointer?
Which programming languages should I learn as a PL/SQL developer?
How do I learn C programming as an ECE student?
What should I do further, having a bit of experience in Java and C language?
If I want to learn programming, where do I start?
Where can I get Python experience for web development?
How can I use a foreign language in an HTML document?
What are simplest ways of learning Python from scratch?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
Is there a place where can I check the appliances of code structures used in games and programs?
How do libraries for programming languages do their graphics? Am I FORCED to use OpenGL or is it possible to actually write, in code, graphics?
Why can't Python compile this? I want to produce an array which takes subsequent indices (i, i + 1, etc.) and multiplies them.
What are the advantages of Kotlin over Java?
How do game engines and API codes work? For example, how do programmers explain to a computer to move a mesh through code. How do computers understand code?
Is there any advantage to C-style bit manipulation over std: :bitset in C++?I test it.But in many famous blog they use C-style bit manipulation.
Does knowing both C and C++ become confusing?
Does knowing a foreign language beforehand prove beneficial for an IFS aspirant? Also, what are some of the languages he/she can opt for?
As a computer programmer how do you remember thousands of library functions and keywords?
How does the copy constructor work in Java?
Where can an experienced programmer learn online about iPhone programming?
How can I print '√' in a Python program?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
What programming language was used for making Microsoft Office for Android?
Is it possible to develop a scientific application using C#/Java like Python/MATLAB?
Where can I learn Python? I have no programming​ experience.
Which languages are preferred for making an attractive website?
Why are the points not increasing right away in my Java application?
Learning to code by myself. How do I get my code reviewed?
How was your process of learning programming from day 1? Was it good or tough?
Will reading code merges to master help me learn to code better?
What skills are required to be a part of GSoC? I am good at competitive programming (C++) and know basic web and Android development.
Which language should I choose to design a business intelligence website, Python or PHP?
How do I learn Java fast and practically?
How does writing a transpiler differ in design from writing a compiler or interpreter?
Is C++ difficult to learn if one knows C?
What are some good expressive languages supported by IntelliJ IDEA?
What is the difference between Earn and Learn and the EMTN Program?
What is the best way to pursue my dream of doing something in the language field?
Will programming languages cease to exist in the future?
How do I convert a string to normal bytes for a representation in Python (not hex)?
How do I write a Fortran program using while loop to calculate the sum of the square of even integers?
How can I master Python in 48 hours?
Do data structures and Core Java have more value do than Java and J2EE technologies?
Why are only a few people naturally good at learning programming and coding, while many find it tough to stay in the game no matter how much they practice it?
How can I implement the Poloniex trading API in my Java application? It returns the error Invalid Command.
Is Google Dart dead?
How should I start learning Python from a grassroots level in 2 months?
Is it possible to go to UCSD with a C?
How can I parse dates in Strings with Swift or Objective-C? There might be several different date formats.
How did computer syntax come about?
When should we use import java.util.***** and javax.****** in Java?
Why did Google choose Kotlin for Android?
Can someone make two battle rope programs that one could alternate between?
If you were to make the worst possible non-obfuscated Turing complete programming language, what features would you include in it?
Which language will be the best to learn between Java and Python for a safe career?
What is a good challenging system to program for?
What is the use of R programming for statistics?
Where is the source code for the C and C++ standard libraries eg. <sys/…h>?
From which site certification course for programming language is better?
What programming language should I learn if I want to be a hacker (cyber security)?
What is the full form of mraa in Python programming language?
How can I use Logical operator not in JavaScript?
What will be the best presentation topic after being trained on C, C#, Python, MySQL, ASP, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery and AngularJS?
Can private methods in Java be accessed by classes of another package?
What coding language would you recomend me to learn?
To what extent does an EJB container compile a Java class that is modified while it is running on an application server?
Is it possible to compile a program into a circuit then 3D print it?
What is “Python”?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
Which programming language is used in notepad?
I was wondering, why is it that sometimes when you run similar codes on different compilers you get different results?
Can I download C Programming Absolute Beginner’s Guide, Third Edition for free?
What is the best way to learn Spring from scratch in order to become a professional?
I just completed engineering. Do I need any programming knowledge or background for a cloud computing course?
How can I learn everything about programming? Are there any links or websites?
Why do nowadays programming languages have such a complex syntax? Isn't that just difficult to implement?
What are some online projects in C to work on, from beginner to pro?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
Would it be okay to write in C++14 in my 12th standard CBSE boards rather than outdated Turbo C++ version?
Do I need to have knowledge of programming in order to join a business intelligence unit?
What is the best source to learn Python 3 for free?
Which is the best institute of Java in Bangalore to improve my basic knowledge and coding skills?
If necessary, what programming language should I learn if I want to program machines (clocks, heater fans, etc.)?
What is the difference between a syntax error and an execution error in a program's code?
I completed my third year of ECE. Which programming language should I choose according to campus placement?
Is knowledge of C programming alone sufficient to get hired as a developer?
What are the best ways to get someone interested in programming and algorithm?
Which is better between having a loop inside a synchronized block and having a synchronized block inside a loop?
Should I study Python, C++ libraries, or the math?
How do I use 3 sockets in Perl with files?
Is there any sense in learning languages such as Java or C# for web development if there is JavaScript or Python?
What are the list of JVM programming languages?
Can I compile and execute the Java program in a non-C drive (D or E)?
I know how to code, what should I do to give my coding a direction?
Why does an object need to get stored in another object in programming?
What are the best tutorials about full stack JavaScript?
How do I call random functions from a class in C++?
If we declare a variable for a loop, is that variable global or local in JavaScript?
Is Kotlin the official language of Android?
Hod do you create control arrays in Visual Basic?
What is a good algorithm for a bid-ask spread in C language?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
As a final-year college student, which computer language should I learn PHP, Python or Android?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
If a code segment has a descriptor in the register itself, what is the selector needed for?
Is passing data through global variables good practice in iOS?
Is there gofmt for Java?
How can I reverse the number and check the palindrome with a bitwise operator in C?
Can I create a smartphone OS using Python?
While making code for sizeof() operator, what is the purpose of typecasting?
For people who use compiled languages, how much of an effect does compile time really have on your workflow?
What is the Swift Standard Library?
In computer jargon, the 1 ASCII code is 1 byte. Then, why is it that only 7 bits are used in the ASCII code?
Why is Python used for machine learning? Why not use C, C++, or Java?
While studying programming, is it better to jump to the next page if you find a topic too difficult to understand?
Do neurons code memories with population code or with spiking code and how does it work?
What is the C code for a wheel graph (connected)?
Which programming language is a must for electrical engineering?
How can I ensure images to show up in a Java Program in different computers?
How do I start learning Kotlin without any programming background?
How does the word "kotlin" sound to native English speakers?
What are some practical uses of closures in JavaScript?
What game should I code in “Minecraft” using Python?
Which programming language is best for earning?
Why doesn't anyone code on the Xserver anymore?
Is there anyone who has not practiced programming since childhood but still is good at programming?
What are at least 10 challenges (programs/projects) in Python to undertake so that I can learn enough to be classified as 'more than an intermediate'?
How does a total beginner start learning cyber security from scratch with little knowledge of programming?
I know the fundamentals of programming in Python, how do I get into web development?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
How can I extract usernames from HTTP headers using a client-side scripting language?
What are some web applications I could build with my inexperienced father in order to teach him programming?
Can I have a C++ program on restaurant management using data handling?
Is Kotlin Programming Language similar to Swift?
How do you check whether a user enters an integer input, character input or string input in Java?
While learning C++, do I need to solve all of the problems in the book, let's say the C++ How to Program, Deitel book, or can I just solve 5 or 6 problems in every chapter?
Is there something about Lisp that lends itself to garbage collection?
What are type annotations?
What are keywords and identifiers in C (simple words please)?
What is the benefit of taking classes in C++?
What are the basic programs in C, C++, and Java?
What is the use of Java SE?
What is the C++ example program with all OOP concepts?
As a beginner to computer programming, should I learn to write code in Kotlin?
What are the differences between ordinary variables and pointer variables in C?
How did Ivan Sutherland create Sketchpad? What programming language did he use?
How can I measure the speed of code written in PHP?
What if I wrote the wrong set number but the right code number?
Function having int, int as arguments then can we pass arr [I],arr [j] in that function?
What are the different types of coding styles? Which one do we need to follow, and why?
How can I do a lantern shape in C++?
What are all the different ways to read a string with white spaces into a character array in C?
What are the best sources to learn about concepts in web development/programming?
Is F# a good language to study?
Is there a difference in regex between the R programming language and Javascript?
What are the top file sharing programs?
Are there any analogies between learning a foreign language and a programming language?
What is Java console?
How do I write a code to accept a password using mikroC for PIC16f877A?
What technology should I choose to be in the market of programming?
As a 14-year-old, I loved programming and have mastered several languages, but how can I utilize this skill in the future?
What is the difference between a C function and a C program?
What language do I need to learn to get started with Kotlin?
How does type checking in programming language work?
How do I start preparing for the GSoC? I know C++ programming language. What should I learn in order to clear the GSoC?
Can one scripting language be used to handle client side requests and also talk to servers for responses? I mean a single scripting language for both?
Should I learn high-level programming languages first or low-level languages?
Which C++ concept should you know in order to program robots?
Is there a Robocode like Game or Challenge for Python?
Is it worth learning Elixir?
Will HTML be available in the future?
Why is the object System.out showing Java.io.PrintStream@12b124 when I am printing it?
Where can I run C programs?
I'm a computer science student with a mediocre/basic knowledge in multiple languages, is it better to concentrate on one language?
Which OOP concept is used to find the hit ratio of a website?
How do I add two numbers in C++ without using any third variable and '+' addition sign?
Is CoffeeScript easier to use than JavaScript?
What should I know first to create a compiler using Go programming languages?
What are the necessary things I should do to start programming in C++?
Why do we use operator overloading and copy constructor in Object Oriented Programming C++?
Which of the code snippets below is the correct way to check if a Compass sensor is present on the system, explain your answer?
Does a Java tutorial exist for intermediate programmers?
What is the best physical python books?
How can one best learn an assembly language?
To start learning Selenium, how well do I have to know or be familiar with Java?
Which one will be better to learn as an apprentice: Python or Java? Why?
Is Scala a good choice to learn in 2017?
How can I fix my program for making initials in Python?
Does the POSIX standard say anything about C? Can we write an OS in a totally different language and still be POSIX-compliant?
What are the useful coding practices which one should follow when writing the code in Swift language?
What is the Swift code of OBC Bank Karampura?
Is it logically/mathematically possible to prove that bug free code doesn't exist?
Why don't business people want to code or learn to code?
Can I learn Java programming language from 2004 book?
Any Python 3 version of the code in: http://blog.districtdatalabs.com/a-practical-guide-to-anonymizing-datasets-with-python-faker#disqus_thread?
How do I write a Python code using QPython on an Android phone?
Should I give up programming if I already spent 10 years on it and still can't become proficient?
Should I learn the design patterns of every programming language I learn?
How do I distribute work to workers using the Python queuing method?
Is it necessary to know programming languages in deep to learn Selenium, and if so which all?
How do I make a program that gets initials in Python?
Where can I get an R script?
What programming language do machines use?
Do I need to learn Java and C++ for mass recruiter companies?
How do I get my code to pause for a set amount of time before carrying on to the next line?
Which programming language is best (or recommended) to create shipping software?
What if I want to enhance my coding in Python (knowing the beginner concepts) for class 11 and 12 standard CBSE? What are the best websites for revision and more?
Can someone help me solve this program in Java?
How do I increase my OOP skills in C++?
Which are all the languages you've ever thought to start learning?
I am planning on learning to code on my own. Where do I start?
Why does concatenating two arrays give us a string in JavaScript?
Which language is easiest to learn in Europe?
What are some app creation programs that even children can use?
What computer languages does a programmer need to learn?
How can your make C++ interpret another language? Node.js.exe is written in C++ but it interprets my JavaScript code for the server.
How can I program the matrix in MATLAB especially for loop function?
What's the best way to learn Python as a 14-year-old?
Which programming language has more scope in the IT field?
What extensions should I install in Visual Studio 2017 if I want to use only C language?
What are the benefits of studying programming at Codecademy?
How should I teach myself about topics like AI and Deep Learning if I have no prior knowledge of programming? I want to start from the basics.
As a developer with interest in web development, should I learn C?
Where should I write my code before hosting it?
What is a POSIX-based multi-threaded code? What is an example of the same?
What do C and the compiling language do?
Is there a standard cryptography interface for C++ as there is for Java?
How hard is it to learn programming?
Which site is the best for practicing standard questions of C programming that could lead me to being involved in system s/w and embedded systems development?
Where can I start with C language?
What programming language should I learn during a 60-day holiday?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How can I start learning C programming and Java?
Which programming language has the most useful built-in functions?
Are there any jobs for retired persons coding in Java?
Why does an SAS statement end with a semicolon?
How do I print the same numbers of two different lists in Python?
Do I need to learn dynamic programming and machine learning to get a job at Uber Bangalore?
Which is the best app to study, C, C++, or Java?
Which language should I learn, Java or JavaScript?
Is it worth to learn C++ for native Android development, and when do I need it?
Which RAM can be used in PIC18, statics or dynamics?
What programming language should I learn first if I want to start a software company and at what age is it to late to start to start a tech company?
What programming languages, design, and frameworks do I need to learn to develop a complex web system involving AI?
Will private class properties will be implemented in Javascript?
Which is the best software for running C language?
Do I learn Kotlin or Java for Android?
Can I learn two languages at the same time, like C# & Java?
Is it possible to learn Advanced Java before learning Core Java? Is it understandable?
What are some Java libraries for visual and audio analysis?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
How do I get and print a string with spaces without gets, puts or string functions in C?
Which one is better for a better career: C# or Python?
How do I write a C program to print the sum, difference, product, and quotient of given integers?
Has Bjarne Stroustrup found anything in the Go, D or Rust programming languages that seems elegant or interesting?
How can I create my own programming language? What are all the prerequisites?
Which IDE for Python is best suited for a new programmer?
Is there is any book which can teach me how to construct mathematics equations for programming languages?
Is it better for myself to stay in old technology or to switch over to newer emerging technologies?
Is it worth learning C++in 2017?
What is the best place to learn C# in Cairo?
Which programming languages are taught at SRM in CSE?
As a linguistics student, should I learn Python 2.x or Python 3.x?
Will programming ever become irrelevant? I don't​ want it to be though because it's so much fun to code.
How do I update my knowledge about programming from an old book?
Is it possible to initialize N1 to N100 variables in a loop?
Is it worth learning C++ or Java just for algorithms?
Is Kotlin language similar to Java?
How should I write the Java code for Polish Notation and Reverse Polish Notation using stacks and/or linked lists?
How are graphical programs created using C++?
What takes up the most code in the program?
Which is more optimized and has a faster runtime, a program executing n threads or executing n functions in an infinite while loop?
How can I use turtle graphics in Java?
How is object-oriented programming executed?
What’s the difference between the use of “else” and “else if”?
What programming language and library is best to code automated bot independent of a service's API for beginners?
Nowadays, which language does not have a written form?
What should I do if I know nothing other than writing simple programs?
What are some good C programming tutorials on YouTube?
Do all object-oriented languages support encapsulation?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
In programming, why can't we store an integer value like this, Int y=3,400?
What is the syntax of a star pyramid in Python?
How does the fflush (stdin); function in the C language work and what is its specific purpose?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How easy or difficult is it to transition from Racket to Clojure?
Knowledge of which programming language is required to make an e-commerce site?
What is the difference between a throw and throws in Java?
Should I carry on a competitive program in Java?
Why doesn’t Java support structures?
What is the purpose of typecasting in C language?
Is it possible to learn C/C++ language effectively from books instead of institution?
What are some sources through which I can learn String Manipulation for Competitive Programming using Java?
Is the knowledge of "system programming" mandatory to learn "compiler design"?
Whats the power lifters program?
When do we use C vs C++? What are the use cases for C and C++?
Why can't Indians build a security software with programs consisting of all regional language scripts to secure confidential data?
How can a beginner learn Python efficiently in six months?
What is the programming language which is most likely to be used for developing network in which machines will share knowledge?
What is the way to display an odd number using the recursive method in JavaScript?
What is a powerful alternative to Python?
Which site is best for learning programming and networking?
Is it possible to learn the basics of Python using only iOS and the app Pythonista?
Are monad (functional programming) and class (object-oriented programming) the same thing?
What kind of function is Constructor, static or non static? In c++
Which concept of Java is used most in Hadoop?
Do I need to learn coding for digital marketing, and if yes, then which language?
Is it possible to learn Java with in two months for a complete beginner ?
How do I write C code for load instruction and store instruction?
What language does not use any C library like glibc at all?
Where should I start from to become a good hacker? I only know C language.
What is the best site or the best method to understand and learn to code in datastructues in Java?
What is the use of "factory class"? Also what does this code imply "public static interfacename getInstance() {}". Lastly, what’s the use of this method?
What low level programming project can I take up that can be completed in two months time?
What 2 developer languages does Stripe use?
Which is the best back end programming language to connect with database applications?
In the C++program, the following loop is not getting executed more than once. Why?
Why is desktop app development so irritating?
What is difference between object oriented programming language and object based programming language?
What can I do to master computer programming, provided I am a newbie?
Which is the best book to learn C and C++ both starting from basic to advanced level?
What language should I choose, Java or Python?
How can I make a time delay in Python?
What is the difference between "source code", "compiled code" and "packaged code"?
I want to learn core Java. How many days should it take?
How is my C Code able to act as a code, from an artificial intelligence perspective?
Is there a site where I can find code that has problems so that I can master debugging?
What is the code for making a server live in socket programming using C?
Why do people learn C first and then Java or other programing languages?
What's the coolest thing you can get a computer to do in 100 lines of code?
How can I fix this error in Python, “TypeError: coercing to Unicode: need string or buffer, file found”?
How do I get an internship if I have basic knowledge of C and Java?
What is the difference between a whilestatement and do-whilestatement in C?
How do I learn programming from scratch?
What does the statement "%-15s%03d %n", s1, x in a print statement of Java mean if s1 is a string and x is an integer?
How do I view the implementation of built-in functions in C programming?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
How do I implement envy-free algorithm in Java?
When are labels most frequently used when writing a program in an assembly language?
Is being an interpreter​ a good career? Which foreign language​ is the best for an interpreter​ in the tourism industry, and what is the salary​ for this job?
What was the most impossible programe you made, since you started computer programming?
Can a ML and AI enable us to optimize functional programming performance?
If I am having variable 'a' in which string is stored than how can I match that string with table of a database SQL with Python?
How can I start C++ programming with computers?
I’m interested in programming, low level languages, building apps and hardware-related stuff (like circuits, etc.). What is the correct degree for me to pursue?
Does the first line of compiler generated no-arg constructor also has statement "this()" in Java?
What are the most efficient ways to make notes for future reference while you are coding or practicing algorithms?
Can I be selected in any of the big companies in India if I code in Python?
How can I find out the prime number in a given range in C?
What does \t do in Python?
Is the C# language falling out of use?
What language should anybody learn before cryptography?
Is it necessary to learn Kotlin if I have experience with Java?
Is it true that after I have mastered C++, picking up other languages like Python and Java won't be difficult?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
How do I go from being good to being great in Python?
Does the strlen () function calculates the length of the string along with null character?
What kind of programming languages are used to build softwares for NASA spacecrafts?
What kind of sort does C++ use to do multisort?
How do you create a splash screen using C#?
How can I code in C-language for a double 7-segment display countdown timer for a micro controller?
Can I take an interview with Java even if I don't have Java experience on my resume (C/C++, SystemVerilog) for a software engineer position?
What should I do? I have a Masters degree in Telecom and Broadcasting. Should I learn a programming language or go for a networking course like CCNA?
Should beginners use frameworks and plugins while learning programming?
What does "==" mean in C programming?
What is a proper way for me to learn Java?
How can monads help in Python?
How can I use G10 code in CNC programming?
How long does it take to self-learn “C#/.NET” to freelance web apps developments? What needs to be done to learn it, and is it worth it money-wise?
What is the best assembly language for creating viruses?
How will learning Python help in Quantitative analysis?
How do I write a generic function in C to sort an array of any data type without using any library function?
How should I move string functions to two different variables in a single statement in COBOL?
Can a C++ developer learn Wordpress?
What programming language today would be most efficient for creating a social media platform?
Can you explain the difference between procedural programming and OOP?
How can I write effective code?
Is the inbuilt 'trainImageCategoryClassifier' function of MATLAB supported for deployment?
How do marker interfaces actually work in Java when they are empty interfaces?
Is C programming language used in developing frameworks, IDEs, APIs, game engines, servers and artificial intelligence systems?
What are homogeneous elements in an array?
How is the online course C++ at Coding Ninjas?
Do I spend enough time practicing programming?
If people consider PHP a bad language, what’s the alternative?
What are some tips and workflows for converting Java imperative code to streams and lambdas?
Why is Haskell doing this infinite wait on a variable that’s assigned to itself ?
What is position array?
Is there a Linux distro that is code ready (Having a compiler and something to write in, like semi-code), if so are there any for C++?
How much code do you need to learn when becoming an ethical hacker? A little or a lot? And what languages?
Is pair<int, vector<int> > allowed in C++?
Can you guide me in socket programming using C?
Why would a C program cause a segmentation fault when run remotely through SSH, but not on my local machine?
How do I put off studying programming because I can't think of projects to do?
Why is writing a conditional operator using a ternary operator is a better practice in the JavaScript world nowadays?
What are PHP programs?
What are necessary things to know for web development in Python?
Can computer be considered as a language in DU?
Is Java crucial for fully understanding OOP?
For data scientists which language is more demanding, R or Python?
Why isn’t my keyboard working in Turbo C++?
What free app or web communities are there for Scala developers? I have learnt Scala recently and want to learn further and contribute.
Is there any Golang library that is equivalent to Python's NLTK?
Could "Dart" replace JavaScript?
What is the possible programming language to be used in Fuchsia OS application development?
What are the benefits of learning R language as a computer science fresher?
Is it a must to learn functional programming nowadays?
If I know C# and C++ and want to start developing GUI desktop applications, should I learn Xamarin/C# or Qt/C++?
What is the difference between for, while, do-while and for each loop in JavaScript?
Why is it better to write code in CoffeeScript instead of Javascript?
What is the output of the following program, and explain also the logic of it ?
Which is the toughest language?
I want to become a hardcore programmer but I don’t know anything about programming. What should I do?
Is it possible to get elements into a null array by a user in C programming?
What programming language does Uber use on the backend?
What is the best free online course to learn Computer Science and C++ programming?
What should I learn after object oriented Java?
What's difference between a Mac Book Pro 2015 and 2016 in terms of programming?
Should I learn Core and Advanced Java from Treehouse or from any other site?
Will JS frameworks eventually take over from object oriented languages?
Is it necessary to know about the history of any programming language before you start coding?
How do I get an A in AQA AS Level Computing Paper 1 Programming?
Which book is the best for advanced level C language?
Is there any tool to make a Python 3.6 executable?
What is integrity in C?
Which programming language will be targeted by companies in the future?
How can I convert PXVPoint3Df32 * to vector<PointF32> in C++?
Why do people use ridiculous languages like Romanji, Hinglish, when it's obviously a disrespect to the language itself?
In interviews, if they ask you to write a linked list, can you use the predefined functions in Java?
How can I update the value in a vector of pairs in C++?
Can a machine learn to compile functional code into imperative code?
What's the difference between namedtuple and dictionary in Python?
How can I learn to program a Fanuc robot and how do I learn to program it from the teach pendant? Where can I find the manuals and software?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
What is the state of server-side Swift?
How much Database knowledge should I have to handle a Java project? I am SCJP certified and know advance Java too.
What is the scope of an extension program?
Are there any good basic examples about Diameter in Erlang/OTP?
Which is the best language for creating a chatbot on a website?
Why are exceptions used less in JavaScript than in other languages?
What is the function of Linker in C programming?
What programming language do people need the most to involve in high-level research in numerical relativity?
What do you mean by C-form?
What do you think of the future of Kotlin as a server-side programming language?
What is the best course to pursue after learning core Java?
What programming language to learn next after C and Python?
Where is more information available on possible coding applications (Python, etc.) in industry-specific professions?
What are the pros and cons of learning programming from a teacher?
What programming language does eHarmony use on the back end?
How flexible is Python compared to JavaScrirpt?
What is a cool, first Python project for a newbie to work towards?
Can you stack overflow your way though a programming career?
Can you help me with the function toLocaleDateString()?
What skills should a 3 year mechanical engineering student learn over the summer break? Should he/she learn FEA, a computer language, or a spoken language?
Which could be best language to learn for a international business professional?
Which programming language should I work on, next?
How can we make the Python programs as fast as C++ and Go languages?
Does creating an app using the G Suite require us to know the coding language?
For those who are good at programming but not math, what do they find difficult about math?
Should key infrastructure networks be coded in non-English programming languages to make them harder to hack?
What do I do to be considered for an embedded programming job when I have a hardware experience of 4 years and basic knowledge of C?
How do I start a file in Python 2.7.13?
What is the use of scanf("%* [\n] % [^\n]",…) in c-programming language?
Is core Java knowledge enough to start with R/Machine Language?
Why is the space necessary in the C-statement: scanf (" %c", &variable) while it's not necessary when storing %d or %f variables?
Do all data science languages have roughly the same speed if you vectorize?
How can one find the degree of a node in a connected graph (C programming)?
Can someone teach me how to program from scratch for free?
What type of laptop do you use for programming?
In Java, how would you rotate an object while keeping the velocity constant using the Graphics class?
Which master's program should I choose PHP or Ruby or Python?
As a mechanical engineer, which programming language should I learn, Java or C++?
How do I run an algorithm written in C?
How do you build a reverse function in Python which spits out a new list based on a list and three indexes?
What is the main difference between while(1) loop and for(;)?
What should I know before learning Erlang?
How do developers update decentralized apps on blockchain?
How do I convert the numeric data type to text/string in c#?
How do I create PHP program which outputs the integers in order by the times they're repeted in the array?
Where can I learn C programming effectively within a time frame of 2 months?
Is it better to implement data structure in C language and then implement it using OOPs?
What should I do about my friend who took my microprocessor's assembly coding?
For complete beginners in programming, what sort of learning do you want? Video? Written? Hands-on?
How would you view a project based on multiple programming languages?
Who named Babel (computer language compiler/transpiler) as such?
Why it is hard to run a program in C++?
Can I define variables in an OpenFormula expression?
How do I know that I learned C or not?
Which is the best IDE to start with if I want to learn Java?
How do you write a function that switches the position of Python indexes?
What programming languages should I learn other than C for embedded systems?
Why does this Java code print the same two negative numbers?
How can I execute a Python function via a CMD command?
Will AI based programming be a thing in the future?
What should I use for Android Studio: Naive (C++) or Java code?
What are some books or resources for learning C# functional programming?
Will Google stop supporting Java as the official programming language for Android in support of Kotlin?
Intro to CIS or Intro to Object-oriented Programming. Does it matter which one I take first?
Do I need to learn PHP or any other programming languages to clear AWS DevOps Associate Level Certification?
How do I keep myself updated with latest updates in programming languages?
How do I create a class from scratch, in order to teach programming to kids?
Which book is better, "Think Python" or "Learning Python"?
Why didn't Google develop its own "Kotlin," if it wanted a Java substitute for so long?
Why do we use classes in Java? What is the need for it, because in C language there is no use for classes.
With all the online coding schools available, does it make sense to join a coding bootcamp to learn Java?
How do I display line numbers and the lines from the file file.txt that contain the string Lin and display output in color?
Is Harvard CS 50 a good start to learn programming from scratch, or is there a better choice?
When will the memory be allocated for a variable in C?
How can I check Java JRE architecture in C/C++? I know Java has the System.getProperty ("OS.arch"). Is there a similar function call in C/C++?
What server-side stack should I use for a new project?
What are the basics of probability? How can you use it in programming?
What are the interesting network programs one can develop in Python?
Do I need to learn autoboxing and how to widen concepts for Java 9?
How do I catch an exception on any line of a Python program?
On a scale of 1-10, how useful would C and C++ be for a career in the IT industry?
When you're programming, has your program ever got stuck because of demanding the same location in the RAM (or the same data different times)?
Can I use IntelliSense code completion on an inactive code block in VS?
What is the code to find files with same names which are in two different directories in MATLAB and to display similar files together?
What are the languages I need to learn before joining a hexaware company?
Which programming language has the maximum scope in the current scenario?
How can I scan and print double in C programming?
Internship is at Google in C++. I don't know C++, but have multiple internships and CS experience. How hard will it be to get up to speed at C++?
How can l make a C programming function so that its output is the pulse that must supply a stepper motor and its input is the angle required?
How do I make this python code do parallel processing?
What are the coding languages​ or tools used in the ISRO related to electronics or computer science?
Does there exist a UML tool that takes a list of classes, functions and variables from text and makes a series of Java classes?
How can I organize my whole day and what kind of things can I use to do it (like programs, sites, notebooks)?
I'm interested in economics and I'm learning programming. What useful program (at an adequete level) should I make?
How do you create a software in C and Java?
What are the most important parts of computer programming?
Where can I start programming?
How do I make a code in C for converting speech to text?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
What should a novice learn first: C, C++, Python, Java, or JavaScript?
How does a linker get the object file of a printf() function?
How can I write Python code in HTML?
How do I fill in the gaps in my programming understanding? I’ve always learned by jumping into projects on my own (using documentation and videos).
Which is best technology to develop an web based ERP using Visual studio 2013? (Jquery with C# or ASP with C#)
Which programing language is better to learn for Adelaide, Java or C#?
Why did Google replace Java with Kotlin, and why only Kotlin but not other languages?
Will it be soon in the near future that JavaScript joins with the Java language to link the front and back work in web software?
How do I make a pattern-conscious programme in C++ for checking identity cards?
In Java, what does the word abstract do?
Is Python 3 documentation the best way to learn Python?
What is meant by nesting a structure in C programming?
Why is my code giving an NZEC runtime error on SPOJ while it is working fine on Ideone and CodeChef compiler? I am a newbie, so some guidance will be appreciated.
What is the difference between compiler and translator?
What are some Graphics libraries compatible with Visual C++ 2017?
Is it necessary to learn C++ before taking CSE at any college?
Where is the object file of the printf() function located?
What do I include to use Windows API functions in C++?
Which version of Python is used in MITx's 6.00.1x?
Can anybody write a simple code of kotlin new Google's programming langage and explain it?
What is the main difference between scanf and printf?
What programming languages does Google use?
Is it worth learning Java if most programmer already know Java?
Why are languages very important?
Which accounting software is most widely used in British offices in London?
Is this June the first batch of Elixir at Coding Blocks Dwarka?
What programming language should I learn out of C and C++, after already knowing Java?
Where will I get MATLAB Stateflow materials/videos?
Which is the best script language for embedded systems?
What trendy IT tools/courses in India do not need programming language and can help one to get a job?
Which one is a complete and versatile language, comparing libraries and framework, Python or JavaScript?
What is 'None' data type in Python?
Why the syntax of golang opposite to that of Java, C++ or other common languages?
Are there any downsides to Python interpreting indentation and not requiring C-style braces?
How can I start learning or practicing REST API with C#?
Which field is better, C.A. or collector?
How much time will it take to be a master at Kotlin programming language?
Can I learn advance Java without knowing core Java?
What is the best programming language for face recognition application?
What is it like to create a compiler?
What is Any in Swift?
What skills do I need to master to say I'm good in Python with confidence?
Which programming languages or skills are necessary for a form website developer?
I want to work in SBI as an engineer. Which programming language should I know?
Which programming language has a huge demand?
What is the difference between Compiletime Exception and Runtime Exception?
As a student, is it smart to create my own programming math libraries?
Which languages are more relevant for Computer Science careers?
“rem= (I%10) TypeError: not all arguments converted during string formatting”. What does this mean in Python?
After learning HTML and CSS what programming languages should I learn next for web development?
Can I implement drag and drop functionality using openGL library with c/c++?
Will C/C++ be replaced by a modern low-level language in the future?
What are tips for someone learning Swift coming from Python?
How does C++ compare to Objective-C?
What are some simple and well-written open source applications written in modern C++ (C++11 and up)?
What should I learn this summer? I am confused between embedded systems and web development. At the moment I only know C programming.
How would you explain code flow?
Which technology or programming language should I use to make a Windows desktop application? I know C, C++, HTML, CSS and I’m learning PHP and Python.
Where can I find a good mentor to learn C# development in depth in India?
Is it possible to get a job without a degree, but still know the programming languages?
How can I understand the Vanilla.js source code of TodoMVC?
How much time do I need to invest in learning C# to be hirable, and which areas in IT may be most prospective to look for a job in?
How can I direct input into a C program to be stored in a text file as it is entered?
Which language has the best future prospects: Python, Java, or JavaScript?
In which fields can Golang be used?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
What is a self complementing code?
How do I convert int to byte in TypeScript?
How do I download C# in 2017?
I’m a teacher in a private school in Delhi. I want to learn a language which will be good for my future. Where should I learn that?
Which is the simplest website to learn C programming?
Which is the best coaching/training center to learn programming languages in Coimbatore?
What is the difference between reference variable and object in Java?
How do I avoid using sudo in tar commands in Python?
What is your favorite programming music?
Where can I find the Java code for a chess game?
What is a C token?
What is a black book?
Is implicit parameter really very useful in Scala?
What is the best way to use Python to simulate trading?
What is the best design pattern for a c# back end?
Is it a bad idea to place dataframes in a list in Python?
Is it okay to quit your job to learn programming with just $20,000 in one's account?
How do I start coding in Unity and learn how to code in other programs?
What are the latest programming languages that don't have automatic memory management?
What should I learn to build my own website or store like Amazon? What computer languages and other stuff should I learn?
What resource should I use if I want to further advance my programming skills aside from TutorialsPoint?
Can the Python language make us rich in a poor country?
What would be the output of following program, Int main() {int a,b, c; a=10;b=20; c=printf ("%d", a) + ++b; printf ("%d", c);}?
How can I learn basic Programming concepts of C, Java, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, and SQL within a very short span of time?
What are some best resources to learn Python OOP?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the apycot unit testing tool for Python?
Besides markup languages and programming languages what other types of computer languages are there?
How does one develop a syntax analyzer by using JFlex and JCup? Please provide the CFG of the language.
What kind of job can a person get with knowledge of PHP?
Where can I work after I’ve left the programming field?
What are the Python module docs for?
What's an easy way to teach someone the sense of programming?
Can I write reasonable complex programs if I know conditional statements, loops and class?
Where should I learn Python, I know C++?
Is Ruby only for web development?
Can we access protected methods in different packages?
Do I practice coding enough?
Why does online Java programming always shows compilation error even if its certified in books that this program is correct?
Is it a good practice​ to learn two programming language in parallel?
What is the advantage in defining your app as a struct in Go?
What is an example of an overloaded binary operator program?
What is the actual use of file handling in any language? What various things can we do with it in Python?
Which loops execute the fastest in Swift?
How are methods used in Java?
How is Python better than Java or C#?
What is the last char in a char array?
Why are most exploits and security-related tools written in C and not C++?
How do I make a program which includes different programming languages?
Are there advantages to languages without operands, like Esolang Brainfuck? (simple design, simple processor architecture)?
Why is this Java code not working without initializing the values?
How can I learn object-oriented programming logic in just one day?
How do I master a programming language without getting bored everytime I open a book?
Can you write a C program that demonstrates the gets() function?
What are some awesome hacks in computer programming?
How does the methods of JavaScript objects are handled in memory?
In Ruby, how does a method taking a block work?
How do I create a file using Java 8?
How can I write a C program to check whether a number is prime or composite using a while loop?
Where can I find some help with the Python G-spread module case sensitive issue?
What's the difference between Python, PHP and Java?
I am done with Java, is this language cursed or something?
How can program performance be evaluated? Explain with example.
What kind of software applications should I make in advanced Java to get in Amazon?
What are the technical skills essential for a management consultant? What are the programming languages (and CS concepts) that would help on the job?
As a computer science student, what all things should I learn apart from computer languages for a better carrer and being?
Does JavaScript require the knowledge of Java programming language?
Where do garbage values come from?
What are some good free programs for learning and doing computer animation?
How can I concentrate in programming and be a good programmer?
Why should we use algorithms and flow charts in C++?
Is the multithreading in Java real parallelism programing?
What are the best free or cheap resources to learn machine learning in Python with basic Python knowledge?
What should we do if we want to install a GNU GCC compiler?
How should I learn programming and coding?
How do I learn MATLAB/Python online if I have a commerce background?
Does C# have job opportunities?
What is the difference between literal and variable in Java?
How do I start developing a basic trojan?
What are some good tutorials for Python and MATLAB?
How much can I earn as a programmer that uses Java or any other programming language?
What's a C program to retrieve nodes by id in a linked list?
Which is faster: Int64 or Int8?
How do you make a program for insult generator?
How do you write a program in Java that removes all "0" digits from a number without string?
Why would I need to write a code whose purpose is to write another code?
Should I write a compiler?
Should I know some computer languages before taking CS?
Can a function without parameters be curried?
When AI passed the Turing Test, what programming language will have been used?
How does a program or a set of codes give instruction to a machine, and how does a machine sense that code via a sensor and a particular part of a machine?
How much time will it take to learn programming if you have no Computer Science background?
Is Android itself a programming language or were applications written in Java?
What are the format specifiers for all types of data in C?
What are the best open-source programming languages?
How do I go into the advanced level if I have a fundamental knowledge of C programming?
Which programming language are good for every stage of IT?
After learning the C programming language, which language should I learn - especially for problem solving?
Do I understand functional programming if I know that it is a composition of functions, it is immutable and that is favors parallel programming?
How much Java should we want for Selenium?
When learning to program, is it better for me to look up code online and modify it for my needs or try to do it from scratch (e.g., traveling salesman P)?
What programming language should I learn to build something like Instagram?
(Read details) In Python 3.0, does float matter at all, and if so, why/how does it matter?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
Which is faster <<endl; or <<"\n"?
To what extent has Google moved from Objective-C to Swift for their iOS apps?
Where can I find a good tutorial on WebSockets in Kotlin language?
What does I<+n mean in a for loop?
Is Python a good language for making microservices?
How can I convert my Java program into a .exe file type?
Is a bootcamp a good way to learn programming languages?
Has any serious project been written in a non-English-based programming language?
What basic language​s should I learn before joining Wipro (other than C, C++, Java, and .NET)?
Can we create array of objects in Java?
What are generic pointers?
Can an old MacBook be used to learn Swift?
What is the difference between Java ME and Java? Are they completely different, or only slightly different?
What is the best way to learn R language?
The C language is too difficult. How can I become a master in C?
Can we reverse a sign of a number using a bitwise operator in C?
I would like to write a script for a folder rule in Outlook. Where do I start? I have some programming experience in C and C++. Would this help?
Can I destroy my computer with a bit of code, like have it heat up and explode, or something like that?
What is the best way to start learning how to program for Android?
Which language should I learn: Python, C++, C or Java if I know Javascript at an intermidiate level?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What is the user defined function in C (simple words please)?
What is the relationship between cryptography and programming?
Can I send updated locations every minute in an API in Objective-C?
Why does left shift or right shift operation on an unsigned integer show garbage as output?
In object-oriented programming, what is the difference between a static object and a constant object?
Why do languages like C++ still require semicolons in 2017?
What is the C code behind Java's system.out.println(); statement?
Can I do the CS50 course while trying to learn C++?
How do I execute a Python script from a web browser?
What programming language should I learn to make a game prototype?
Which language is mostly used in IT fields, and which language is learned for jobs?
Which language is good for a fresher in the software company to start learning?
What is the best book to learn C and C++ for beginners with no knowledge of codes?
What source codes were used to program Need for Speed: Shift?
What are some cool small projects in Python?
What are some JavaScript little known yet useful code snippets?
What is -5 ** 4 = -625 in Python?
In JavaScript, is a variable that’s inside a loop global or local? If it is local, how do I make it global?
In final A obj=new A(), what is the use of the final keyword on object?
As a computer science student, how should I do programming? Which books should I follow or which type of programming language should I focus on more?
Which programming language can call other languages?
What programs can we practice on to understand programming and algorithms?
Which route should I take after learning Python?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
Which language should I learn for placement, C++ or Java?
How do I program a digit counter function in Python?
How is PLC ladder logic converted to machine code? Does it really convert into machine language?
Which language is used to code desktop apps?
What's the best way to learn Python for a C coder?
Which language and platform should I select to build a chatbot for a web app?
Is Java a good language for a career?
How can I get into product-based MNCs with 4 years of experience with C programming and Linux device drivers?
What are the topics to be covered in Java for testing?
What language should I learn now (read details)?
How do I write a simple program in the C programming language that helps me to create and print reports?
What are header files and what are their uses in C programming?
How do I begin in electronics programming using C?
Does the Java RuntimeException class inherit from itself?
Is it valid in C to use (I=1;I&lt; =10;I++)?
Does a single software has a single programming language?
What should I do if my Python function isn’t returning anything?
What do you think of using Swift for creating a REST API?
What are the different fields in programming, such as website development, android app development, etc., etc.?
Is there any Python-equivalent simulator like Yaes?
What is the fastest language for programming?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
Can you create a stand-alone database like a visual basic program?
Is the Objective-C language dying?
What is a string token in C++?
Which language is easier to learn, Kotlin or Java?
Why does Java not support templates?
Life is short. Do we really need Python?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
Is this important to gain some knowledge about computer languages after JEE advance before admission?
What are the best free sources to learn Python?
Can I learn PHP directly if I don't have any knowledge about HTML, Java, or any other language?
How can we run Java programs without CMD?
How and which are programming languages?
How do I get a scratch compiler?
How do I block a port on firewall using Java programming?
How can I avoid writing obfuscated Haskell code?
What is the newest programming language till this day?
What are some good implementations of the general Lucas’ theorem in C++?
How can I learn programming or coding using my Android phone (without computer)?
Why am I not getting any output for using float values in C program?
The downloadable PDFs for Swift are out of date after only about 1 year. How do I start Swift with only a Mac Pro?
What is the F.C.C. doing about the unlawful use of C.B. radio operators using linear amplifiers?
How do I start getting better at coding as a programmer? How do I work on new skills?
How is a program implemented in a computer?
How do I save a curve in Python?
Is it mandatory to know programming languages to be a hacker?
When will Google adopt Go for Android development?
How do I generate my Java program output as PDF?
Can one get a job by learning a programming language without any professional degree?
Was C# killed by JavaScript?
What programming language should I learn to get into the hacking world?
How can I make my own HTML compiler?
What programming language can I use to run scripts on desktop software or an application (for example, Android Studio)?
Which programming language is good for learning data structure and algorithms?
Why does this code not display 288 as its output?
How do we write a switch statement in Java?
What parts of existing programming languages would you take to create your ultimate one?
What was the reason for including a static keyword in Java, apart from using it as a global variable?
How can I make a programming language with the basic knowledge of C++?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Should I switch to Swift or stay in Java?
Could you give some examples of decorators in Python?
Is there any global certification for Python scripting?
Can I learn machine in 6 months with Python knowledge only?
How do I become a Java developer in King?
What’s right for me, design or programming?
Why do we need loop functions in C, and how do they work (simple explanation)?
Should I learn C# as my first programming language?
Why do all computer languages or software have animals in their logo (for example, Hadoop and Perl have an elephant and a camel)?
What is the difference between an abstract class and an interface in OOP?
Can I embed games written in C++ on a Google website?
Where is probabilistic programming (e.g. Stan, PyMC, Church) being used in the industry? Which companies, verticals and applications make use of it?
Can I reuse return values saved in a list in a Python class?
What is a brief introduction of subprocesses in Python, as well as Python’s functions and processes?
What is the Python equivalent of R programming's "class" function?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
Are there any good libraries for implementing AI in C#.NET or Azure?
What was your experience with building Intranet applications in Python?
How can I be good at programming? I’m a 2013 passout.
What is the best language to program a neural network? Between C, C ++, Java, and Python, what is the best in terms of performance and difficulty?
What languages have property observers like in Swift?
Is web development faster in CoffeeScript than JavaScript or TypeScript?
What should I choose, CSE or IT, if I like programming and web development?
How can I compile C graphics programs when it gives the error message: "prog.c: 1:22: fatal error: graphics.h: No such file or directory"?
Does Windows IoT have an option to program in Python?
Does learning design patterns from the Gang of Four book help only for Java developers or for other language programmers too?
Is thorough knowledge of C++ necessary for learning operating system and data structures?
What's Alan Kay’s opinion of the D programming language?
How we should convert aptitude into programming?
How can a Java program simulate keyboard pressing?
What is the learning path for Python?
Google has announced a new official programming language for Android, called Kotlin, but can we develop Android apps in Java unofficially?
Is there a Common Lisp library that is missing and needed by the community?
How do I create a table only using a nested loop and 2 variables in PHP?
What are some common confusions people learning Python have?
Which is the best programming language to make a web app, like a hotel management application?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
How does C compare to other languages?
What does the term The Code of Blue mean?
What programming language should I learn if I am a biomedical engineering student?
What are some of the body languages we really need to work upon?
What programming language does Thumbtack use on the back end?
Is it fine to use "mapper.writeValueasString()" while returning JSON value from Java code?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
How can I learn C#? What topics should be clear?
Is declarative programming good for 2D games development as in QML (Qt) and the Ring programming language (Allegro/LibSDL)?
Which is the best way to revise C language​ thoroughly​ in a short time?
Recently I developed chess in Java within approx 6-7 hours, I am highly interested in programming, what field should I refer to?
Why does the Wolfram Language use (a form of) M-Expressions?
Which language is used to program Jarvis?
In Java, is there any way to say type T extends either Type 1 or Type 2, where the only common ancestor of Type 1 and Type 2 is Object?
What language is used to write apps?
Which language should I learn for Android app development if I already know C++: Kotlin or Java?
Which language is best for an internship, PHP or Java?
Which are the best and cheapest institutes for PHP, .NET, and Java programming in Hyderabad?
Is it possible to write good code in JavaScript or is it as bad as many people say?
What is the stack/language to build a software management system that can be installed or used as a live web application?
Why is JavaScript the most popular website development language?
Is it common to have problems on every step of learning programming?
Is it necessary to have knowledge of C++ for the Informatics Olympiad? If we have a basic knowledge of some other language like Java, will it do?
Do you know who programmed you?
What site can I put up my python code for editing?
In Python, how do you stop the default argument value from initializing a class?
In C language, why do we use scanf ("%d", &(*p)) instead of scanf ("%d", p) as p itself is an address?
How is C++ used at Apple?
How do I check a common English expression like { ("good" NEAR "people") or ("gain" NEAR "money") } against Regular Expressions (Regex) in C#?
Can I use the Swift package manager to build a MacOS GUI app?
Should functions or methods be like this: beginSession, or BeginSession?
How can one starts learning programming without any computer background?
Are there any more Char 2Cs left?
How do I go about using ESRI.fileGDBAPI.dll in C# to create an FGDB?
How can I print a specific key value in a group of dictionaries in Python?
Can Python be faster than Go if we use PyPy?
What are the applications of Encapsulation in Java?
What is the first step to learn a language?
How much assembly knowledge do professional game developers need?
What is an effective way/code to brute force input for getting a desired output?
If I already know programming, can I become very proficient in Scala in just 1 month?
How many programming languages are compiled languages?
How do I use 'make' in C in case of a filename which contains a space?
I am new to programming. I am learning Java. I can’t concentrate. What do I do?
What is the best route to take for a newcomer wanting to build GUI applications?
What is GitHub? How it will help in learning C?
Which language do I need to know to hack the CIA’s website?
What are the differences between getch() and scanf() in C?
When learning networking and for networking certifications, do we have to learn the programming language or not?
What is the best way to learn Python, where do you recommend I start?
What are the program languages used to create Linux?
As a programmer, how hard could it be to migrate from Android to Fuchsia (Java to Dart)?
In C#, why can members of a class (methods) not access the members (fields) without making an instance of that class, while this is not the case in C++?
Is C# a practical language for desktop apps?
What are the pros and cons of using a programming language like Wolfram over using something like Python, PHP, or Java for an AI-assisted web tool?
Can Kotlin programming language be used to build iOS apps?
Can the MFCC value be converted into speech in Python?
How do I make a JavaScript program?
How easy is it to patch a typical zero day software vulnerability?
Which coding language is required the most in companies?
How do I start coding in the Java language?
What would be different in C++ standard library if there was no backward compatibility restriction?
What are the advantages of an assembly language in comparison with a high level language?
Which is the best online tutorial for C++,  especially for a design pattern socket?
I want to make a block breaker game on C++. I have the basic C++ graphics knowlegde. How can I programme the path of the ball after it bounces?
Are there any unexplainable anomalies in computer coding that could suggest machines have a soul?
Where should I go if I want to learn all coding languages?
In Python, if the length of my list (listname=words) is smaller than a certain number, followed by another condition (see the comment), how can I append the value in the list to another list?
Should I learn Kotlin following the Google I/O 2017 (although I am already learning Java)?
Why does a C++ program give the same garbage value on multiple executions?
How can one permanently highlight multiple selected lines in Pycharm?
Which language programming is strong for web development?
What is the most reliable C compiler and how could I make it work on my PC?
Is it bad practice to use the same name for structs and functions in C?
How can I create a text file in C if I have in main() a switch statement?
What language or framework is Instagram web coded with?
What are some fundamental things about desktop programming?
Which language is the best for the future - .NET, PHP, or WordPress?
Google apps highly uses artificial Intelligence, which languages do Google use for coding of AI? Is it possible to do Google AI coding in C++?
What tool can I use to store and fetch data when necessary while developing a Java program?
How do you make a GUI on a program?
Why doesn't Python come with a form designer like Visual Basic and the Ring programming language?
What language is used to make MySQL? Does it use Stack (other than list, tree, etc.)?
Is it possible to develop a database application that can run on the web (cloud) and on the desktop without using two different programming languages?
What is the best way to extract all variable names (instance or local- irrespective of the scope) and method names from a Java source code file?
How do I execute CPP files in CLion without making any projects?
Can I use Python IDLE in Android?
Is the lifetime of static and global variables the same?
How can I implement the C language?
Before starting big data, what should I learn? I don't have knowledge in Java.
There is an application to explain a JavaScript code?
Where can I get John R. Hubbard’s Programming with Java book?
What programming languages and tools are used to create websites with interactive info graphics and data analysis (like the website pudding.cool)?
What is the best computer language to get a job in the IT sector?
Is programming really that fun?
Has the Clojure language gone quiet?
Is there any easy way to learn top to bottom MATLAB programming for an electrical engineering student?
How many types of constructors are in a string class in Java?
How can I apply in CTS to be a programming analyst?
How do you code the Python console output to write to the body of an email?
As a recession in the IT industry in India just started, which skill/language must a CS undergraduate learn to be able to secure a job in 2019?
What is the future of the Pony language?
What does the following C# method return?
Is there any use of programming languages in the petroleum industry, especially the upstream sector?
Is Data Camp good for learning R and Python?
How long does it take to learn Swift coding from scratch and be able to make an app?
What is the difference between cin and std: :cin?
What is the difference between const char* and char* const in C?
How hard is Kotlin when compared to Scala?
Which programming language should I learn for learning Swift from 0?
Since C has its own printf library <stdio.h>, why does C++ still need to create its own <iostream> to cin and cout?
Which programming language should I invest my time in? Ruby? Swift? Python?
What's the connection between language library and OS library with respect to system calls?
What is the meaning of, “Python is a zero-indexing language, unlike R where indexing starts at one”?
How does the 8421 code act as a self-complementing code?
Why does Hadoop use its own serialization and deserialization (SerDe) even though it is available in Java?
For any code, how does one find an equivalent code in compiler design?
How important is learning a programming language for an engineer?
What programs should I use for Twitch?
Can we mix Javascript, C# and another language (like Python, for example) in a single project?
What languages are you currently learning? What languages do you want to learn?
What is the most effective way to learn OOP (Object Oriented Programming)?
Which is the best programming language for developing web applications? Why should I choose that programming language and not another?
Where can I upload files to compile a code for R online (R studio)?
Can a person be a good developer without knowing C?
Where are record type and struct type in Google BigQuery typically used?
How many people in the world know computer programming?
Is it possible to train an AI program to decode hash strings back to their original content (at least to a degree of probability)?
Do you think and plan in a natural language when writing a program?
When do you finally know you can code?
Should my company use Java or .Net to build its management applications?
What are the essential personal attributes required to learn Java?
How do you use C programming to compare two integer arrays and see whether they are identical?
How do I find the PDF of Brian W. Kernighan's book based on the C language?
I'm starting learn Python, but I don't know where to learn first. I've learned English and know some languages like PHP and Java. Can you instruct me?
Which is the best institute to learn python language in Bangalore?
Is there any single advantage to using delegate/callback over async/await in asynchronous programming with C#?
How do we solve input-output questions in IBPS?
How much advanced C++ should I learn before understanding TensorFlow source code?
What is the difference between difference and symmetric difference in Python?
What are some major differences between Java and Kotlin?
Can anyone give me c++ OOP programs?
How do I start programming for iOS?
What is the requirement to become a Full-stack developer of any Programming Language?
What are keywords in C, and why do we need them (simple words please)?
What are the programming languages required to know for making an electrical circuit simulation software like Multism?
How can I combine two arrays to form a composite spread (A-B) data series in a programming language?
Can the programming taught in the B.Techs be learned online? If yes, what are some websites where it is available?
What are programme educational objectives?
How do I display the output of my code written in C language on the screen for a user but not in the command prompt?
What would you like to add to the concept of Digital India to make it more efficient and effective for all of us?
Why does Map<> m = new HashMap<String, String>() not compile?
What are the pros and cons of learning things through self-learning formats?
Does Brian Bi use C++ in Google as well?
What are the benefits of learning C++?
Where do I learn about programming languages?
How do I write a C program to check a string as a palindrome with recursion, and with no global variable where the prototype is (char *str, int l)?
How do you know you know a programming language well enough to apply to an entry level job using that language?
Can you recommend a website with practical exercises to help you learn programming, such as Codecademy?
What are some websites that teach all the programming languages from beginning to advanced?
Why are functions within an object called a method?
Which version of Python should I learn? I’m confused.
How are user-defined functions useful?
How does the Hürkuş-C compare to the A29 Super Tucano?
There are about 7,000 different languages on Earth, so why haven't we invented one language for everyone?
It is often said that Python code is much easier to write than one written in C++, for example. What are some examples from the point of view of an expert?
How do I write code in Python?
Do you think a new language is a door to the new world?
Why does Golang's make() have overloaded version while Golang does not support overloading?
What is the best approach for preparing for competitive programming from zero?
What is good course for a C++ freelance programmer to learn the fundamentals of computer science?
What are data type conversions in c (explain in simple words please)?
What does feed form mean in Java?
Why have programming languages changed very little since 1975?
What are the trendy IT tools/courses in India for an experienced person, and which do not need much programming language knowledge?
Would you start a new (web app) project with Scala or Kotlin?
Why is there such a demand for Python programmers?
What does "@" do in Python?
What programming languages are used at WannaCry Virus?
What programming language should I learn to become a better developer?
How many operators have different meanings by default? Is it the “+” and bitshift operators only? I'm not talking about the operator overloading.
Which online course should I take for under $20 to learn iOS development and Swift and Objective-C if I am a beginner?
How do I implement C code for the transmission and reception of data using CAN protocol?
What are great things you can do, using Java programming?
What are the advantages of C++ in real-world applications?
What is the framework for artificial intelligence in Python?
What is the best software for making Apps and what programming language should you learn?
How well do we have to know C++ programming in order to become a software engineer?
How many projects do I need to work on to become an expert in a programming language?
Who has the original WannaCrypt code?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
What will be the fee for a core Java course in Hyderabad?
What is the difference between a synchronized and volatile keyword in Java?
Why do we need to write a code to sort an array?
How do I assign the length for a variable in Python?
What is the advantage of using Python over PHP in a web application?
Should I take the the time to learn computer science before starting with programming?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
Why can't I see PunktWordTokenizer while I can see other punkt-related classes in Python NLTK 3.2.2?
Someone told me their girlfriend just started to learn programming and that she learned it in 2 hours. Is this possible?
How does the fflush(stdin) function in C language work and what is its specific purpose?
What is the purpose of inner classes in Java?
How do programming language commands work? For example, how does a computer understand the Print+F command if it only understands binary code?
Where can I get free study materials for CA, CMA, CS?
Can someone give the step-by-step details to set up Visual Studio code for Java and C++ in Ubuntu?
Which computer language is best for programming?
What is the difference between >= and => in Java?
What is the difference between #define and #include?
How do I count up the domain name of email addresses using Python?
What are some fun programming projects for beginners?
How good will it be to use Kotlin in Android app development? What if any company doesn't start using Kotlin?
What is #include<lib.h>?
What is output 2500ad in mpmc?
How do I read multiple input with BufferedReader in Java?
Which programming language is necessary for building an app for a conference call?
I always hated to program in low level languages, should I forget about data science as a potential career? I mean C/C++ compared to Matlab, R, Python
How do I write a program that will accept 5 integers entered by the user and check that all numbers entered by the user must be ranGen (>5 &&<51)?
Can structures in C++ have private access specifiers?
How do I move into larger projects (programming)?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
Can we win a coding competion with only the C language (considering the fact that he/she is an expert or had a lot of practice in it)?
What is a dry run in Java?
What is the best app/software/piece of code that you’ve written using the Python programming language?
What are the different parts of Java? I've heard of Angular, Core, and Advanced. Can I get some more details?
How can I write a code in Java so that, during the run time, the code can modify itself?
What is the difference between Core and Advanced Java?
What courses or programing language is best for a mechanical engineer (first year)?
How does a compiler produce an assembly language as its output?
How do I prepare for principles of programming languages exam? How do I remember all the concepts?
What interesting things can I do with my academic knowledge in the C language?
Is there any SOAP request option in Python 3.4?
What is Selectric code?
Which one should I learn in 2017, Elixir or Kotlin?
Which version of Python, 2 or 3, is better for a data science beginner?
Which are some good websites from where I can get some good questions on bitwise operators in C programming?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
Can we initialize a constant variable and static variable in a constructor?
How do I make a basic D++ cyber security program?
How do I make a game in Java?
What is the best method to value Java objects? Is serializing objects to JSON and then measuring them a good idea?
Which programming languages are best to learn first, in order to get an IT job as a fresher?
How and what should I read to develop my coding logic?
Is there any significant difference between programming languages? Which one is better to learn first for a beginner?
What is the difference between a runtime error and compile time error in C?
What are ways Swift is safe by design?
Is there an alternative to code?
Is C# a good language for a career?
I was using Turbo C++ recently and my friend suggested me to use Visual C++ instead. How can I compile my program in Visual C++?
What are some good, free resources to learn Python?
How can I change the colours of letters in Java programs?
Is Fortran free?
What is the maximum amount of languages you can learn before you start forgetting some of them?
I am thoroughly cleared with programming concepts but unable to code. Which are the best books to help me write code?
Which language should I learn first, Java or XML?
Can you learn Java in 2 summers?
Where can I get a link to a good and complete Assembly X86 tutorial which also has the architecture of PCs?
What's new in Swift 4?
What is the source code of Lr1 in the Pascal language?
How should I prepare myself for the ThoughtWorks college placements? Explain in detail.
Explain why we use the return function in C in simple terms.
Which is the best programming language, still not used?
Which languages do not have WordNet yet?
Do I need to know the basics of a language to study that language's IB Language A?
Why should I write "new" before some variables like new vector3 or new array?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
Which it will be the most popular programming language in 2017-2018?
Which online language learning program is better: Duolingo or Babble?
What is the visual basic programming language?
What are the best low-cost resources to learn Python?
What are the best ways to clear logic for computer programming?
How are C programs converted into software?
Where can I find a good compiler?
If the string is that string=Apple, then what is the logic to print the out "ppale" in Java?
In JavaScript, what phrase do I use for "when"?
What are literals? Explain the different types of literals being used in C++?
What is the best example with Java/Python code of the dependency inversion principle?
If I want to get better at programming should I learn more functions or just solve the problem the longer way?
What are some suggestions for any good book or website to learn back-end programming?
Is Kotlin a future of Android?
Who is the youngest person to create a programming language?
What is the range of the double data type in Java?
How can we improve the way we teach programming?
What will the IT industry change if everyone can learn programming to Google engineer level without any effort?
What topics must be coverd if I learn Java online?
How can we design a code converter that converts 84-2-1 code into 8421 code and implement it by using 4X1 mux?
What programming language should I restart with after a 15-year gap (coded in C++ nearly 12 years ago)? I have the urge to get back to programming.
What encoding format does the md5 hash function (in the C programming language, for example) accept as input?
What is the review of doing Crux (Java foundation course) with Harpreet Bhaiya at Coding Blocks?
How can I learn programming myself? I am a beginner.
How much does the cost increase when a startup choose .NET rather than Java?
Must I have good programming knowledge to use mLaas?
Which programming language is the best to learn for an engineering student?
What are the differences/uses of PHP, jQuery, Ruby on Rails and JavaScript?
What is the output of the following program: int main() {int i =2; int i = i++ + i; printf ("%d", i);}?
I am in my 2nd year of ECE, I want to become a video game programmer. What are the skills and languages that I should learn and perfect?
Whether java.lang.Object should be interface instead class?
Can someone who uses Java for competitive programming use Kotlin?
What's coding like? Is it hard to do and do you need expensive tools?
Can we add code in reports?
What can these programming languages hack? SQL, JavaScript, Ruby, Python, PHP and C++?
Is BEC(H) useful?
Is teaching yourself foreign languages and programming languages good as a summer activity/extracurricular?
Why do we call some functions in Python using the syntax "function (argument)", and others using "argument.function()"?
How do I start trying Kotlin on my Windows machine with lots of programming experience but zero Java experience?
Which is the most trending programming language which can be beneficial in the future? I want to learn something related to programming.
Which programming language is easier, Java or C#?
What programming language will be useful for digital forensics?
How does one represent a mathematical function in C programming?
Is C# the most powerful programming language?
What language should I first learn for software development? How should I carry on from there?
What is the best way to learn a programming language, and what are the best websites for minor projects?
Which programming language do cryptographers learn?
Do people on Quora know about the Livecode programming language?
Which languages do Malaysian people know?
I am learning shell scripting and find it even more difficult than Java and Python, is this normal?
How to begin with functional programming languages like Haskell?
Why can't we reduce the visibility of a method in a Java subclass?
What is the reason for the output of the following code (C++) and why is it showing warnings?
What is the best data exchange method between C++, DLL, and C#?
What are the languages important for gaming today?
Why did Google pick Kotlin instead of Swift?
How do I code for HTTP and CoAP?
What are the simplest projects that can be implemented in Java at a university level?
How do I make the PSO optimizing variable static for each time it will run on MATLAB?
How can I combine multiple languages to create one final program or website, as shown in the image?
Is C++ difficult?
Is it necessary to have a strong grasp in language for science learning at middle school level?
On Quora, there seems to be a problem with every programming language, especially PHP, Python and Java. What should people learn then?
How do I store the instantaneous value of a changing variable in C?
How do I set a timeout with the connect function in C++?
How should I start learning data file handling in C++?
Which is a resource for non-beginners to get started with C++?
Is the number of citations highly dependent on the language?
What is the way to start developing GUI programs/apps in C for PCs?
What are the different computer languages that the electronic and telecommunications branch teach?
What programming language should I build my applicant tracking system in?
Is there any way to learn advanced Python programming, preferably through online courses?
What is the programming model of a microprocessor?
What are the differences between garbage objects and anonymous objects in Java?
Why did Evernote clone for Linux Nixnote ditch Java in favor of C++?
Is there a programmer that knows 5 languages fluently?
How do I store an int array of 1,000,000,000 elements in C++?
How should I learn Python to understand it in a better way?
How good is the Loki C++ library?
What is the in demand programming language in New Zealand?
Why does Andrew Ng's ML course teach the useless language of Octave instead of Python and C++?
What is the best offline course for learning Python?
How do I print a character the same as input in C++?
What are some nice tutions in Kanpur to learn new programming languages like Python, HTML, CSS, and Android?
What is the address of instruction if a label is assigned to the LTORG statement in system programming (eg., L1 : LTORG)?
I want to self-learn Java but I feel I might miss good topics. Should have to take up a course in any centre?
What makes a std: :vector "const qualified"?
How does Kotlin compare to Swift?
What would be the best source to learn C++ for competitive programming?
Where is the sitemap code that has to be added into a Python program?
Is it possible to do supreme level of AI coding in C++?
Which 10 programs of Turbo C++ are used the most?
What compiler was used to compile and obtain Mac's Unix binaries from its source?
How do I test for an empty JavaScript object?
How do I build complete online IDE or C and C++ language and also Java?
Why did the C++ containers get named ordered/unordered sets/maps instead of the underlying data structures such as heap and hash?
What is a “barraeat variable” in programming?
What are some hacks to learn programming?
How is a variable similar to or different from its identifiers?
Should I learn these languages in the following order, SQL then Python then R?
How do I make a JavaScript function usable to me at any time without having to define it in the console beforehand?
Where do I get programs for Python?
We use JDK for Java. We use Net for C#. What should I use for C++?
What does written codes mean in media, and what are some examples?
What is the best blog to learn Java and J2EE?
What language is the best for game development?
What can I do to strengthen my Java programming skills?
Which computer language on learning can give me a good package?
Will Go Language replace C++ in future? Will C++ still be relevant in the next 8-10 years?
What language is Wikipedia code written in, C++, HTML, or something else?
Can we combine C++ and Java in any way to develop one public software?
How can one shape his career in programming?
Can I create an operating system using Java and C#?
What do I need to consider when developing/coding a generator?
What is the best website to learn programming and why is it the best?
How do I implement algorithms after watching Andrew Ng's ML course as he does not (or very less) implement the algorithms in any programming language?
What is the trickiest program you have come across in the C language?
How do I create a do-while loop in C#?
Which language is better for getting high loot in CoC?
Which course would be best, computer programming or computer programmer in Canada?
What programming languages can Xcode 8 be used with?
How do I call a function inside Django without having to import it?
Is it worth to use OpenCV in Swift with "bridge" that effects performance, or should I stick with Objective-C?
Is there any website that can teach me Java and C++?
What did we learn from Sputnik that was useful in the Apollo program?
Why do my includes not work in PHP programming?
In Swift, can you make a switch statement test against a dictionary?
What are the different types of literals used in C++?
Which is the best institute to learn Python in Bangalore?
Which language is the fastest at getting a point across?
What is a preprocesser directive?
Which programming language is in more demand for jobs in India?
Where can I get Learn Python the Hard Way by Zed in Hyderabad?
Is it reasonable to use R programming language for a TOPSIS algorithm?
What is the most creative way in which you can print "Hello World"?
What's the way to return a value from thread?
How do I retrieve a specific field's (varchar) null values from PHP/MySQL?
Which course is playing a prominent role in computer languages?
How can I make a Windows application in C# in a professional way?
What is functional programming, and what is an example in JavaScript?
How can I program output into PowerPoint slide using Java & JSP?
What are the different techniques of debugging method?
Which technology has a better future: Java, PHP, or .NET?
Can I write a program to customize my smartphone?
How do I catch an exception thrown by another class in C#?
What is the simplest README file to include in my Java program?
How can we learn coding in programs in our own way?
Which languages, APIs, and frameworks do I need to learn to become a Full Stack web developer?
How do I try new codes in C++?
Which area of C/C++ programming is required for ECE and from where can I learn them?
What JavaScript modules should every beginner know?
How do I write a simple program in the C programming language that will help me to create a macro equal to a set of code, including a main function?
Why should I start learning how to code?
How do I insert Java script array values to mySQL database?
What is a physics engine in computer programming?
How do I get the execution time of MIPS assembly code?
Is being a interpreter as a career a good decision, and which language best for it?
Why are the creators of Golang more focused on compilation speed than on execution optimization?
How can I make a Python function add a number into a list of numbers?
How can a pointer work as an array?
Why does an uninitialized variable (member of a class) being assigned a zero value and not a garbage value when we try to print its value.?
What will happen if a char variable gets a complete string as input in C++?
What are the current research projects in CS, especially in the area of programming languages in IITs? I’m looking for a survey.
Can anyone give me sites to free courses on Java programming online?
What are the various whistle codes available in train and what is the meaning of those codes?
What are the best free online programming bootcamps?
Why does String [] part = string.split(" ") return a single string in place of returning a string array and gives an ArrayIndexOutOfBoundException?
How do I run Windows batch script on CMD?
How do I capitalize sentences in Python?
Usually, we write 'getch()' at the end of a C program for the long-time appearance of the output window. Is there any such thing in the Python language?
Should I learn Machine Learning and Android App Development simultaneously? If yes, which programming language(s) should I go for?
In what language is the JavaScript "engine" in a browser written? (I mean the part handling JavaScript.)
Can we perform an operation with only a function prototype, without a function body, in a programming language?
What language would you like to learn in the future?
Is it true that I say in C-CPP that any call by reference is doing a call by value of the pointer itself?
What is the best intro into AWS deployment for Scala (or Java)?
Did you have a plan to support the Apple Swift programming language?
Which programming language must an electrical engineer know?
How can we calculate internal marks using a Java program?
How can I debug better and faster in C programming?
How did Ritesh Agrawal (OYO Rooms) learn programming?
What amazing things can I do if I combine calculus with Java?
Why is Python better than Java?
Which programming language is better, Python, PHP or Java?
What would be the best approach for creating a cross-platform mobile app with a single programming language codebase?
How do I make a function that capitalizes sentences in Python?
How can I make a program of greater than and less than using the same button in JavaScript?
How much of a game programming is low-level?
Is there any change in swift code after SBBJ has been merged into SBI?
How is C++ useful for programmers today?
How do I add a vertical scroll bar in the parent window of Tkinter in Python?
How do I close the browser using Java?
How can I use my web development and Java skills?
Why didn't they use a Java platform in mobile?
Is there a high demand for language translators/interpreters?
What's the fastest way to generate random IPs in C++?
What does it take to become a good game developer? What languages should I learn?
How do Go and Swift compare?
Is there a book that just lists out inbuilt methods on Python?
How can I read the last line from a log file in Python?
How many languages were known by Sambhaji Maharaj?
What is the difference​ between​ an array and a string in Java?
Is there something like LearnCPP but for C#?
Are brains programmed or do they program themselves?
How do I start competitive programming if I only have basic knowledge of C and Java?
How should a C++ programmer learn Linux C?
How do I code a simple addition program in C?
What computer course should I take in 11th class? I know only Java as of yet but I want to take CBSE. There is no option for Java. What should I do?
As an electrical electronics engineer, what programming language must I know very well?
Why has Android introduced Kotlin as a new language? What is the advantage of Kotlin over Java?
Why do people think that learning Python is very difficult?
Where do macros get stored in the memory layout in C programming?
Is there any scope for a banker to enter an IT firm without knowing languages?
How is the future of software people in Germany, specially in Java technology?
Which programming language do I need to know to build bots on Twitter?
Can I learn C++ as my first programming language?
Why doesn't Google itself use Android Studio for creating their own apps instead of using languages such as Java, Python and C++?
What are the latest programming languages that don't have garbage collection?
How do you learn to program computers?
Where can I find a list of all the programs used in C++?
What is #include<iostream.h>?
How long can a programming beginner understand dynamic programming?
What are the top 3 software for C++ GUI for beginners?
What is resource-based programming?
Why did Mark Zuckerberg choose PHP to make Facebook?
Is decrypting the WannaCry code possible?
What would be a conversation between Java and C?
What is the best institute for C++ in Chennai?
How can I make a program of polynomial of degree 6 in Java?
What programming language do you need to know to be able to hack, and which will also help me in the future?
How do I show the series 3, 13, 23 by using C program?
How can I monitor the most used programming languages in my company?
How can I select a random number of elements/indices of an array and use them later into the same C code?
What are the different levels of programming languages?
How do you remove the comma completely in Python?
Is there a chance of landing a job by just learning a single programming language and technology?
How can I check a palindrome number in Java? What are the steps?
Which website has the most code?
If in job description they ask for basic knowledge of C++, C#, Java, what does that mean?
How do I write a C++ program to concatenate two strings without using the strcat function?
Which one is more useful now, Scala or Kotlin?
Can C++ and PHP be used together for server side development? If yes, then through which software?
After TensorFlow, should I really bother with learning C++ for machine learning or should I stick to Python?
What is the difference between *a+1 and *(a+1) in C programming where a is the base address of an array?
Why is coding so hard for me?
Why do people like Python over JavaScript?
What are the best programming language(s) to build a website that takes user input to calculate a commercial store gondola?
Do people sometimes call Python 3, Python 3000 or Python 3k?
Which languages are required to make a social networking software?
How can I learn programming in Java with greater concepts?
In a certain code language, the word 'PATIENCE' is written as TPNIEECA. How will the word ‘SPACIOUS’ be written in that language?
What data type can I use in MySQL that accepts both string and integer?
What should I learn, Java or Python? Which is going to be used more in the future?
In which language is Quora written in?
Why does Google choose Kotlin over Scala as a new first class language for Android development?
What is the difference between object and array in Java?
As a person interested in programming, how do I prepare for the so called "bubble pop"?
Which is the best website to read about technology rankings and the upcoming programming languages?
Which tools should I learn in MATLAB as an embedded engineer?
How good is the online course of C++ at Coding Ninjas?
How can I create a modular system in C++ that responds with different answers based on the phrase (without duplicating the same code over and over)?
How do I make my code gain a chocolate flavor?
What are unary, binary, and ternary operators in C?
How can I get arrows as input in Java?
What programming language can make something similar to pexels.com?
What are the three basic and most important programming languages which I should learn to become a good programmer?
How can I enable FX in Java 8 Nashorn ScriptEngine?
How do I flip in Python?
What is the difference between for and while in C program?
Can system.out.println be written as system.user.println?
Is there any boot camp for Java online?
Why can't we just redesign C++ to make it easier to learn?
Where can I study computer programming in Germany?
In which AI project can I use Java?
How much time does it take to learn Java for a Javascript developer?
What's a good book to learn the "terms" used by penetration testers and what they do to further proceed on how to use them?
How can we get and handle an exception in real life using Java?
Why does Sublime highlight any word starting with an 'm' and then uppercase like mA, mLldivas, mClsdi when the syntax is set to C++?
Are GTK+ and QT bindings good enough for Python (Windows) or do I need to switch to C#?
Where can I learn artificial intelligence in Python?
What is the logic behind the output 0 50 0 for the following program?
Can I develop a web app if I don't know any languages like Python, Ruby, JavaScript etc? If yes, then how?
What coding language do I need to build a website like Equaldex?
I plan on studying computer programming in college. What programming languages should I familiarize myself with?
What's the longest way to print hello world in JavaScript?
Is mathematics the programming language of the brain?
How do I change the language of a software program?
What programming language should I focus on if I'm creative and visual?
What should I do after learning C++ basics?
How do I revise for the final computer c++ examination?
Why is Google adding Kotlin as an official programming language for Android development?
How can I transfer information from one file to another in Python?
Is formal program verification used a lot in industry?
Can downloading Python cause a laptop’s touchpad to malfunction?
Is it necessary to learn mathematics first before learning programming? I already know the basic prerequisites of math.
Are there specific programming language degrees, for example, a degree in C++ programming, Java programming, or C# programming?
Is there any way to remove the licence of any APK file by its source code?
What are advantages of Scala over Kotlin?
How can one select an input in a switch statement, even if it is inside a while loop in C?
I know C++ well and I will start on having Python lessons next year at school. What advantages would my knowledge about C++ have?
How do I find free c programming tutors online?
Between Java and Python, which is more useful for computational programming and data analysis? Why?
What does this line " B(): numB(1) {}" mean in the code snippet below?
Can we execute a program without main() method?
What is a good and fun new programming/scripting esoteric language that I can learn?
For new projects with massive amounts of data which must be accessible through the web via a rest API, which language would you use, Kotlin or Python?
What is the best way to learn any language from the beginning?
What are the topics I need to learn in Python for a job?
What is the return type of a program’s main method?
Where I can learn C++ in Hindi?
What coding languages are there and what is each used for? What language would you use for mobile apps?
Which programming language should I learn for work from home?
In C++, can adding the keyword “const” at any place change the program’s behavior?
Can functional programming languages like Haskell and Erlang be used along with Java/C++ etc to develop web or mobile applications?
How does the “jump to” function work?
Which one language should I learn to create professional dynamic website?
What is ISEAL code?
What are some common errors that JavaScript beginners make which have no effect on the overall outcome of the code but overcomplicate things?
How do I start basic level programming in Arduino?
Why do we use pointers?
What are Java courses?
Does programming mean everything in IT?
What are the basic languages I need to learn to become a programmer?
How do I set a random date in C++?
In JavaScript, how can I use a "for" loop to cycle through each item in an array?
I have a list of Python dictionaries. How do I extract a key and value pair based on a given key?
What’s the difference between PCM coding and VLC coding?
Are “thread” and “process” general computer science concepts or do they vary from programming language to language?
How do I delete instances from ontology using Java?
What is a variable in computer programming?
If programming languages are translated in the form of 0 and 1, why can’t we use an easier programming language without so much rules and syntax?
Android just got official support for Kotlin. Are they doing the same thing Apple did with Objective-C and Swift?
When should Java code be written using the traditional imperative style versus using streams and lambdas, when both are possible?
Could someone suggest a good website to learn JavaScript?
Which program is best in making a stand-alone database program?
Which programming language is easier C+ or Linux?
What are the importance of scripting language?
Precisely what does the equals method do in Java?
How do you find a subsequence of a string in Python?
Should I learn C++ or Python security-wise?
What is the class code for CodeHS?
What do you think about using Natural Programming in the Ring programming language?
What's the best online course to learn C#? Being a new VB.NET developer, I would like to learn the new ASP.NET Core. This is only available in C#.
How can I learn programming online step by step?
Do you need to learn Java if you already know Javascript?
Is programming everything in the IT industry?
Which one is better between Code::Blocks and Notepad++ for a beginner, and why?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning inside of the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How much money does it take to learn Java in India?
If you had 3 months to learn JavaScript, how would you do it?
What do we use basic programming for?
Why do you want to study programming?
What is the best YouTube channel to learn new programming languages?
Why is Python not the first language for students in schools & colleges?
What programming language should I learn to become a test automator (UI testing)?
How useful is Configure.IT for computer programming?
Is an interpreter an alternative of compiler?
How do I take input of a String and a int in one line in Java?
What are things that encourages me to learn Python?
How are programming languages developed?
What libraries would you like to see implemented in Go?
Which topics do I need to learn from a programming language to compete in a compitative programming?
How do I make some extra bucks with programming, while still studying?
What is a null reference exception?
What is an application program interface?
How much time does it take to learn Go (Go language)?
What functions do you miss in lua?
Can I start Kotlin as my first programming language?
How long and how hard does it take to learn Kotlin if I already know Java?
Who has spent time learning and programming in Elixir, then decided by choice that it was not for you? Why?
What is the best for Java SE?
What was your first AI program in any language?
What is (or was) your favorite discontinued programming language?
Is it possible to use Python in Android Studio instead of Java?
How do I learn computer language easily?
How do I create the libraries in C++ for Windows?
How do we break and continue a function in C, and why do we need to do this?
What is local and loop optimization in compiler design?
Why doesn't Kotlin require semicolons at the end of statements?
How do I learn C network programming? Is there a book I can study?
Which programming language should I learn first for Robotics?
What are the meanings of ++*p and *p++ in C++?
In programming, what is a library and what is a framework? And what is the difference between them?
What is the best language to write in AI?
Does Go support concurrency better than Erlang? Can one can consider the Go language rather than erlang for issues with concurrency?
How do I start learning to program apps?
How is a C program related to a device function?
What does written codes mean, and what are some examples?
Does IT engineering reqires assembly programming?
Is it mandatory to learn C before learning embedded C?
How do I add two files using Python?
Can we call a function in C++ by using a specific word while the program is running?
What means #include <iostream.h> in C++?
How efficient is Swift language?
How would you recommend learning C as a Golang developer?
Many object-oriented programmers are opposed to using multiple inheritance. Why? Do you agree with this stance?
What is wrong in following the code of merge sort?
How do I split a large array into n number of smaller arrays by using Java (The size of the array is about 5 lakhs.)
What code should I learn if I want to become an ethical hacker? I considered learning to code basic games a good alternative. Do you have any language recommendations?
Why did Twitter choose Scala as its main language when it rewrote the back end to tackle scalability challenges?
What is the addon digital technology that we can learn when we have mainframe cobol background?
What should I learn first, to get a software job ASAP: Core Java, .NET, HTML, or CSS?
How can I get the x-coordinate in C++ without using the graphics library?
How do you write a function which swaps indexes in the opposite order in Python?
Can I learn programming in my phone?
Where can I learn hacking with Python from the most basic level?
How do I prevent programs from being able to take a screenshot (Windows) when my program is running in any programming language?
How are strings implemented in Python?
How do I start programming games in C++?
Which programming language is used by SEMrush to track keywords?
Why are non-Python developers still insisting on time-wasting spaces for indentation instead of tabs? (See question details.)
Is there any method in programming that even if the “if” statement is true, the “else” part of the program will run?
What programming languages should I learn to make Android apps and games?
What programming languages allow the passing of complex objects by value, like C# does?
How can we make a program in C++ for printing the results of 3 students using only three given header files i.e. iostream.h, string.h, ctype.h?
How do I print the longest line from a set of strings given as input in C?
Why does Python cover so many software development areas?
Can I get a job if I learn only SQL n advanced SQL, or should I learn other technologies like Java, SaaS etc, to be frank I am poor in programming.?
Can we handle data without using files (VSAM or non-VSAM) in COBOL? If yes, how?
What is meant by modeling in Python?
What programming languages do I need to learn if I want to be experienced in VR, AR and AI?
How do I code a Python function for Pig Latin?
What is the best Hadoop training in Bangalore's limitations for big data analytics?
What is the getline() function in C++ and its syntax? Please give examples.
Do you think programming is becoming oversaturated?
How do I read from a .txt file in C++?
Why are reference variables allocated memory on the stack segment in Java?
How do I use loops inside arrays to find the average?
Should we begin with Tensorflow, Keras, or Sonnet, in order to develop a prediction system for time series data? Must we only use Python-based languages?
What IT domain is best for me as I am a B Tech in EE having a basic knowledge of C and Python?
What is a void in Java?
What is the best site online for learning C sharp programming language?
Can a Swift developer that's applying for a job requiring Objective-C too learn Objective-C without writing any?
Is it possible to use C++ STL in C language as most of the C compilers are C++ compilers?
In C++, what is type conversion and what are its types?
What language should I learn for a job?
Is it possible to build compilers in the regional languages of Indian states?
What is printf and scanf?
How can I send a PHP form with variables using Ajax and JavaScript?
Which online group or even a website should I join/visit regularly to improve my Java programming?
What languages should I learn for a future in game development?
Would it make sense to learn programming to fund machine learning studies?
I have not passed in Microsoft programming in C#, when can I take the retest?
Is the Java software, JDK, platform independent or platform-dependent?
Is Java equally good for creating Web applications as PHP, Ruby and Python?
How will it help me in the future if I learn Python?
What is static and dynamic economy? Explain with examples.
Is there any open source software that can produce humanlike speech without having an actor/model record their voices in the first place?
Which edition of "The C++ Programming Language" by Bjarne Stroustrup should I buy? Rather, should I read some other book?
How does the garbage collector destroy the static method of a function in C#?
What are some examples of programming?
How do I get into coding?
What is the future of the Pickbasic/Unibasic programing language and its scope in India?
Is there any online course for competetive programming?
My computer notes say it is better to use local variables and parameters in modules rather than using global variables. What does this mean and why?
Why don’t we make computer programming similar to human language (i.e. you directly put the question and you get an answer)? Why use programming language?
Why do we have so many languages, but only use one set of numerals between all the languages?
What are fun and good programs to code for a 2nd year CS student (Java)?
Which programming language is needed to make software security? I have just started Python, am I on the right track?
What is the formula for calculating the range of float numbers in Java?
Why should we study C# when we already know C, C++?
What is Clojure language good for?
What are the advantages of using data files? What are the types of data files in the C programming language?
What do you need to make a simple Java game?
What languages should I learn to become a pro in web development?
What is a better snake language, python or parseltongue?
Out of all the C standards (K&R, C89/90, C99, C11), which standard is the most used on production?
Is the C++ Standard Template Library (STL) still in common use or just legacy applications?
During context switching, are the executed codes saved? Is that after resuming the processor start executing code from the last position?
How can I learn C language in 4 days?
What is a good Python book oriented to people with programming knowledge?
How long is 512 bytes of code?
How do I print a C Program output in the middle of the screen?
Is typedef uses to create a function pointer?
What's the difference between static link and dynamic link for C++?
Which programming languages should I learn as a PL/SQL developer?
How do I learn C programming as an ECE student?
What should I do further, having a bit of experience in Java and C language?
If I want to learn programming, where do I start?
What is the best coaching to learn computer languages?
How do I write a solution for a unittest in Python?
Where can I get Python experience for web development?
How can I use a foreign language in an HTML document?
What is the best overall programming language?
What are some good video tutorials on design patterns in C++, Java and Python?
What are simplest ways of learning Python from scratch?
Are there software documentations that does not follow good code practice?
Is there a place where can I check the appliances of code structures used in games and programs?
How do libraries for programming languages do their graphics? Am I FORCED to use OpenGL or is it possible to actually write, in code, graphics?
Why can't Python compile this? I want to produce an array which takes subsequent indices (i, i + 1, etc.) and multiplies them.
Is there any advantage to C-style bit manipulation over std: :bitset in C++?I test it.But in many famous blog they use C-style bit manipulation.
What are the advantages of Kotlin over Java?
How do game engines and API codes work? For example, how do programmers explain to a computer to move a mesh through code. How do computers understand code?
Does knowing both C and C++ become confusing?
Does knowing a foreign language beforehand prove beneficial for an IFS aspirant? Also, what are some of the languages he/she can opt for?
How do I execute a Java program by clicking on a Java program file without using any IDE or CMD?
As a computer programmer how do you remember thousands of library functions and keywords?
In C++, how can I force a user to enter a specific character?
What should I learn in order to be a C# web developer?
How does the copy constructor work in Java?
Where can an experienced programmer learn online about iPhone programming?
How can I print '√' in a Python program?
Working with software development is so exhausting, nowadays. Everyday, a new language, library or framework is created. How we can "survive" in this context?
What programming language was used for making Microsoft Office for Android?
Is it possible to develop a scientific application using C#/Java like Python/MATLAB?
Where can I learn Python? I have no programming​ experience.
Which languages are preferred for making an attractive website?
Why are the points not increasing right away in my Java application?
Learning to code by myself. How do I get my code reviewed?
How was your process of learning programming from day 1? Was it good or tough?
Will reading code merges to master help me learn to code better?
What skills are required to be a part of GSoC? I am good at competitive programming (C++) and know basic web and Android development.
Which language should I choose to design a business intelligence website, Python or PHP?
How do I learn Java fast and practically?
How does writing a transpiler differ in design from writing a compiler or interpreter?
Is C++ difficult to learn if one knows C?
What are some good expressive languages supported by IntelliJ IDEA?
What is the difference between Earn and Learn and the EMTN Program?
What is the best way to pursue my dream of doing something in the language field?
Will programming languages cease to exist in the future?
How do you find a subsequence of a string in Swift?
How do I convert a string to normal bytes for a representation in Python (not hex)?
How do I write a Fortran program using while loop to calculate the sum of the square of even integers?
How can I master Python in 48 hours?
Do data structures and Core Java have more value do than Java and J2EE technologies?
Why are only a few people naturally good at learning programming and coding, while many find it tough to stay in the game no matter how much they practice it?
How can I implement the Poloniex trading API in my Java application? It returns the error Invalid Command.
How do I use the Python program to create a simple webpage?
Is Google Dart dead?
How should I start learning Python from a grassroots level in 2 months?
Is it possible to go to UCSD with a C?
Could Salesforce use the Swift programming language instead of Apex?
How can I parse dates in Strings with Swift or Objective-C? There might be several different date formats.
How did computer syntax come about?
When should we use import java.util.***** and javax.****** in Java?
Why did Google choose Kotlin for Android?
Can someone make two battle rope programs that one could alternate between?
If you were to make the worst possible non-obfuscated Turing complete programming language, what features would you include in it?
What is the name of the field of study that deals with learning how computers operate? How do you do certain things technologically like creating programs and having the knowledge to keep yourself anonymous?
Which language will be the best to learn between Java and Python for a safe career?
What is a good challenging system to program for?
What is the use of R programming for statistics?
What programming languages and tools do web developers use to create iOS apps after seeing Sketch 3 designs?
Where is the source code for the C and C++ standard libraries eg. <sys/…h>?
From which site certification course for programming language is better?
What exactly is meant by ‘object-oriented programming’? Please explain it in a non-confusing way.
What programming language should I learn if I want to be a hacker (cyber security)?
What is the full form of mraa in Python programming language?
What are good ways to study a large FORTRAN source code (climate model ECHAM)?
What are the differences between a program and an algorithm?
How can I use Logical operator not in JavaScript?
What will be the best presentation topic after being trained on C, C#, Python, MySQL, ASP, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery and AngularJS?
Can private methods in Java be accessed by classes of another package?
Is storing many variables in Python a good idea?
What coding language would you recomend me to learn?
To what extent does an EJB container compile a Java class that is modified while it is running on an application server?
Is it possible to compile a program into a circuit then 3D print it?
What is “Python”?
What piece of code has saved the most lives?
Which programming language is used in notepad?
I was wondering, why is it that sometimes when you run similar codes on different compilers you get different results?
Can I download C Programming Absolute Beginner’s Guide, Third Edition for free?
What is the best way to learn Spring from scratch in order to become a professional?
I just completed engineering. Do I need any programming knowledge or background for a cloud computing course?
In my opinion, the lack of static type checking is the biggest weakness in Python. Will there ever be a type-safe version of Python?
How can I learn everything about programming? Are there any links or websites?
Why do nowadays programming languages have such a complex syntax? Isn't that just difficult to implement?
What are some online projects in C to work on, from beginner to pro?
What is a good book about how to design maintainable programs and all the answers around why should I do one thing over another while programming?
Would it be okay to write in C++14 in my 12th standard CBSE boards rather than outdated Turbo C++ version?
Do I need to have knowledge of programming in order to join a business intelligence unit?
What is the best source to learn Python 3 for free?
Which is the best institute of Java in Bangalore to improve my basic knowledge and coding skills?
If necessary, what programming language should I learn if I want to program machines (clocks, heater fans, etc.)?
What is the difference between a syntax error and an execution error in a program's code?
I completed my third year of ECE. Which programming language should I choose according to campus placement?
Is knowledge of C programming alone sufficient to get hired as a developer?
What are the best ways to get someone interested in programming and algorithm?
Which is better between having a loop inside a synchronized block and having a synchronized block inside a loop?
Should I study Python, C++ libraries, or the math?
How do I use 3 sockets in Perl with files?
How do I do faster long long int input in competitive programming?
Is there any sense in learning languages such as Java or C# for web development if there is JavaScript or Python?
What are the list of JVM programming languages?
Can I compile and execute the Java program in a non-C drive (D or E)?
I know how to code, what should I do to give my coding a direction?
Why does an object need to get stored in another object in programming?
What are the best tutorials about full stack JavaScript?
How do I call random functions from a class in C++?
If we declare a variable for a loop, is that variable global or local in JavaScript?
Is Kotlin the official language of Android?
Hod do you create control arrays in Visual Basic?
What is a good algorithm for a bid-ask spread in C language?
Am I learning C the right way? Also, what are the best resources/books to get a better insight into the system's hardware and software interaction?
As a final-year college student, which computer language should I learn PHP, Python or Android?
What is the best book/material for learning javavscript?
If a code segment has a descriptor in the register itself, what is the selector needed for?
Will HTML be the dominant markup language of the web in the next decade? If so, why?
What are some good alternatives to C++ and Java for competitive programming with execution speeds as fast as theirs, if not faster?
Is passing data through global variables good practice in iOS?
Is there gofmt for Java?
How can I reverse the number and check the palindrome with a bitwise operator in C?
Can I create a smartphone OS using Python?
What is the difference between decimal, float and double?
While making code for sizeof() operator, what is the purpose of typecasting?
For people who use compiled languages, how much of an effect does compile time really have on your workflow?
What is the Swift Standard Library?
In computer jargon, the 1 ASCII code is 1 byte. Then, why is it that only 7 bits are used in the ASCII code?
Why is Python used for machine learning? Why not use C, C++, or Java?
What are some instances in programming where faster computational time is not always better?
While studying programming, is it better to jump to the next page if you find a topic too difficult to understand?
Do neurons code memories with population code or with spiking code and how does it work?
What is the C code for a wheel graph (connected)?
Which programming language is a must for electrical engineering?
How can I ensure images to show up in a Java Program in different computers?
How do I start learning Kotlin without any programming background?
How does the word "kotlin" sound to native English speakers?
What are some practical uses of closures in JavaScript?
What game should I code in “Minecraft” using Python?
Which programming language is best for earning?
Why doesn't anyone code on the Xserver anymore?
Is there anyone who has not practiced programming since childhood but still is good at programming?
What are at least 10 challenges (programs/projects) in Python to undertake so that I can learn enough to be classified as 'more than an intermediate'?
How does a total beginner start learning cyber security from scratch with little knowledge of programming?
I know the fundamentals of programming in Python, how do I get into web development?
Is it compulsory to be a CSE engineer to learn coding, C++, and Java?
Which one is the best C programming book for the intermediate level?
What is the syntax for creating multiple conditions for if-else statements in Mathcad Prime 3.1?
How can I extract usernames from HTTP headers using a client-side scripting language?
What are some web applications I could build with my inexperienced father in order to teach him programming?
Can I have a C++ program on restaurant management using data handling?
Is Kotlin Programming Language similar to Swift?
How do you check whether a user enters an integer input, character input or string input in Java?
While learning C++, do I need to solve all of the problems in the book, let's say the C++ How to Program, Deitel book, or can I just solve 5 or 6 problems in every chapter?
Is there something about Lisp that lends itself to garbage collection?
What are type annotations?
What are keywords and identifiers in C (simple words please)?
Is Clojure dying?
What is the benefit of taking classes in C++?
What are the basic programs in C, C++, and Java?
What is the use of Java SE?
Does C not support call by reference?
What is the C++ example program with all OOP concepts?
As a beginner to computer programming, should I learn to write code in Kotlin?
What are the differences between ordinary variables and pointer variables in C?
How did Ivan Sutherland create Sketchpad? What programming language did he use?
How can I measure the speed of code written in PHP?
What if I wrote the wrong set number but the right code number?
Function having int, int as arguments then can we pass arr [I],arr [j] in that function?
Is there a good Smalltalk-to-JavaScript transpiler?
What are the different types of coding styles? Which one do we need to follow, and why?
How can I do a lantern shape in C++?
What are all the different ways to read a string with white spaces into a character array in C?
What are the best sources to learn about concepts in web development/programming?
Is F# a good language to study?
Is there a difference in regex between the R programming language and Javascript?
What are the top file sharing programs?
What desktop configuration should I use for programming Python?
Are there any analogies between learning a foreign language and a programming language?
What is Java console?
How do I write a code to accept a password using mikroC for PIC16f877A?
What technology should I choose to be in the market of programming?
As a 14-year-old, I loved programming and have mastered several languages, but how can I utilize this skill in the future?
What is the difference between a C function and a C program?
What language do I need to learn to get started with Kotlin?
In JavaScript, how can I make a variable out of an attribute stored within another variable?
How does type checking in programming language work?
How do I start preparing for the GSoC? I know C++ programming language. What should I learn in order to clear the GSoC?
Can one scripting language be used to handle client side requests and also talk to servers for responses? I mean a single scripting language for both?
Should I learn high-level programming languages first or low-level languages?
Which C++ concept should you know in order to program robots?
Is there a Robocode like Game or Challenge for Python?
Why is the object System.out showing Java.io.PrintStream@12b124 when I am printing it?
Is it worth learning Elixir?
Will HTML be available in the future?
Where can I run C programs?
I'm a computer science student with a mediocre/basic knowledge in multiple languages, is it better to concentrate on one language?
Which OOP concept is used to find the hit ratio of a website?
Which language is better for ECE, Python or Java?
How do I add two numbers in C++ without using any third variable and '+' addition sign?
Is CoffeeScript easier to use than JavaScript?
How do I write a program to input a string? Does it print ‘valid’, if it contains the ‘@’ character, or else print ‘invalid’?
What should I know first to create a compiler using Go programming languages?
What are the necessary things I should do to start programming in C++?
Why do we use operator overloading and copy constructor in Object Oriented Programming C++?
Which of the code snippets below is the correct way to check if a Compass sensor is present on the system, explain your answer?
Does a Java tutorial exist for intermediate programmers?
What is the best physical python books?
What is the most advertiser friendly programming language?
How can one best learn an assembly language?
To start learning Selenium, how well do I have to know or be familiar with Java?
Which one will be better to learn as an apprentice: Python or Java? Why?
On which programming language are bank applications built?
Is Scala a good choice to learn in 2017?
How can I fix my program for making initials in Python?
What are the best programming languages to learn for machine learning and natural language processing?
Does the POSIX standard say anything about C? Can we write an OS in a totally different language and still be POSIX-compliant?
What are the useful coding practices which one should follow when writing the code in Swift language?
How do strings work in programming languages?
What is the Swift code of OBC Bank Karampura?
Is it logically/mathematically possible to prove that bug free code doesn't exist?
Why don't business people want to code or learn to code?
Is there any free audiobook that teaches C++?
What is the relationship between main() method and main thread in Java?
Can I learn Java programming language from 2004 book?
Any Python 3 version of the code in: http://blog.districtdatalabs.com/a-practical-guide-to-anonymizing-datasets-with-python-faker#disqus_thread?
How do I write a Python code using QPython on an Android phone?
Should I give up programming if I already spent 10 years on it and still can't become proficient?
Should I learn the design patterns of every programming language I learn?
How do I distribute work to workers using the Python queuing method?
Is it necessary to know programming languages in deep to learn Selenium, and if so which all?
How do I make a program that gets initials in Python?
Where can I get an R script?
What programming language do machines use?
Do I need to learn Java and C++ for mass recruiter companies?
Are there any modern good books on coding viruses in high level languages like C/C++? I find the The Giant Black Book of Computer Viruses outdated.
Which programming language is best (or recommended) to create shipping software?
How do I get my code to pause for a set amount of time before carrying on to the next line?
What if I want to enhance my coding in Python (knowing the beginner concepts) for class 11 and 12 standard CBSE? What are the best websites for revision and more?
Can someone help me solve this program in Java?
How do I increase my OOP skills in C++?
Which are all the languages you've ever thought to start learning?
I am planning on learning to code on my own. Where do I start?
Why does concatenating two arrays give us a string in JavaScript?
Which language is easiest to learn in Europe?
What are some app creation programs that even children can use?
What computer languages does a programmer need to learn?
How can your make C++ interpret another language? Node.js.exe is written in C++ but it interprets my JavaScript code for the server.
How can I program the matrix in MATLAB especially for loop function?
What's the best way to learn Python as a 14-year-old?
Can anyone make a website using C# and JavaScript? If anyone wants to make his website more beautiful, what type of language would he need to know?
Which programming language has more scope in the IT field?
What extensions should I install in Visual Studio 2017 if I want to use only C language?
What are the benefits of studying programming at Codecademy?
How should I teach myself about topics like AI and Deep Learning if I have no prior knowledge of programming? I want to start from the basics.
As a developer with interest in web development, should I learn C?
Where should I write my code before hosting it?
What is a POSIX-based multi-threaded code? What is an example of the same?
What do C and the compiling language do?
Is there a standard cryptography interface for C++ as there is for Java?
How hard is it to learn programming?
Which site is the best for practicing standard questions of C programming that could lead me to being involved in system s/w and embedded systems development?
Where can I start with C language?
What programming language should I learn during a 60-day holiday?
Is it possible to make an information system that will enable machine learning in the system in Java, C++, R and Python at the same time?
How can I start learning C programming and Java?
Which programming language has the most useful built-in functions?
Are there any jobs for retired persons coding in Java?
Why does an SAS statement end with a semicolon?
How do I print the same numbers of two different lists in Python?
Do I need to learn dynamic programming and machine learning to get a job at Uber Bangalore?
What languages should a Java back-end developer know?
How can I find out what programming language a website is built in?
Which is the best app to study, C, C++, or Java?
Which language should I learn, Java or JavaScript?
Is it worth to learn C++ for native Android development, and when do I need it?
Which RAM can be used in PIC18, statics or dynamics?
What programming language should I learn first if I want to start a software company and at what age is it to late to start to start a tech company?
What programming languages, design, and frameworks do I need to learn to develop a complex web system involving AI?
Will private class properties will be implemented in Javascript?
Can CA and regular college be beneficial?
Which is the best software for running C language?
Do I learn Kotlin or Java for Android?
Why do people keep asking such simple programming questions?
Can I learn two languages at the same time, like C# & Java?
What is looping in C++? What are the advantages of using loops in C++?
Is it possible to learn Advanced Java before learning Core Java? Is it understandable?
What are some Java libraries for visual and audio analysis?
What is the best book from which to learn advanced C++ and get familiar with Java Native Interface (JNI)?
How do I get and print a string with spaces without gets, puts or string functions in C?
Which one is better for a better career: C# or Python?
How do I write a C program to print the sum, difference, product, and quotient of given integers?
Has Bjarne Stroustrup found anything in the Go, D or Rust programming languages that seems elegant or interesting?
Using input/output files, how can you produce another text file with additional data based on calculations?
How can I create my own programming language? What are all the prerequisites?
Which IDE for Python is best suited for a new programmer?
Is there is any book which can teach me how to construct mathematics equations for programming languages?
What is the use of Python language in the testing field?
Is it better for myself to stay in old technology or to switch over to newer emerging technologies?
Is it worth learning C++in 2017?
What is the best place to learn C# in Cairo?
Which programming languages are taught at SRM in CSE?
As a linguistics student, should I learn Python 2.x or Python 3.x?
Will programming ever become irrelevant? I don't​ want it to be though because it's so much fun to code.
How do I update my knowledge about programming from an old book?
Is it possible to initialize N1 to N100 variables in a loop?
A class is private, we cannot access it outside the class. What if the member variable is protected?
How do I retrieve emails according to a specified time stamp in Java?
Which platform is better for learning Java, Eclipse?
Is it worth learning C++ or Java just for algorithms?
Is Kotlin language similar to Java?
How should I write the Java code for Polish Notation and Reverse Polish Notation using stacks and/or linked lists?
What programming language is used on the BookMyShow website?
What is the programming language for creating a desktop application like AutoCAD?
How are graphical programs created using C++?
What takes up the most code in the program?
Which is more optimized and has a faster runtime, a program executing n threads or executing n functions in an infinite while loop?
Is it possible to know how to code in all programming languages?
Which programming languages demands widely for jobs in India?
How can I use turtle graphics in Java?
How does a computer understand hexadecimal digits in machine code?
How is object-oriented programming executed?
What’s the difference between the use of “else” and “else if”?
What programming language and library is best to code automated bot independent of a service's API for beginners?
Nowadays, which language does not have a written form?
What should I do if I know nothing other than writing simple programs?
What are some good C programming tutorials on YouTube?
Do all object-oriented languages support encapsulation?
What are some finance uses of logic programming?
In programming, why can't we store an integer value like this, Int y=3,400?
Can I compare those two programming languages: Python and C#? I have a basic knowledge of C#. If I want to, is it easy to pursue Python?
What is the syntax of a star pyramid in Python?
How does the fflush (stdin); function in the C language work and what is its specific purpose?
What is the purpose of degrees (from school, college, university and society) and education?
How easy or difficult is it to transition from Racket to Clojure?
Knowledge of which programming language is required to make an e-commerce site?
How do I learn Python just from online sources?
What is the difference between a throw and throws in Java?
Should I carry on a competitive program in Java?
Why doesn’t Java support structures?
What is the purpose of typecasting in C language?
What is core language object in JavaScript?
Is it possible to learn C/C++ language effectively from books instead of institution?
What does “See program a04.asm” mean?
What are some sources through which I can learn String Manipulation for Competitive Programming using Java?
Is the knowledge of "system programming" mandatory to learn "compiler design"?
When do we use C vs C++? What are the use cases for C and C++?
Why can't Indians build a security software with programs consisting of all regional language scripts to secure confidential data?
Whats the power lifters program?
What is “local and share data” in programming languages?
How can a beginner learn Python efficiently in six months?
What is the programming language which is most likely to be used for developing network in which machines will share knowledge?
How do I share a GIF file to Facebook in Objective C?
What is the way to display an odd number using the recursive method in JavaScript?
What is a powerful alternative to Python?
Which compiler is used to compile and execute C# code and what is the download link?
Which site is best for learning programming and networking?
Is it possible to learn the basics of Python using only iOS and the app Pythonista?
Are monad (functional programming) and class (object-oriented programming) the same thing?
What kind of function is Constructor, static or non static? In c++
Which concept of Java is used most in Hadoop?
Do I need to learn coding for digital marketing, and if yes, then which language?
Is it possible to learn Java with in two months for a complete beginner ?
How do I write C code for load instruction and store instruction?
How can I compare a list of Unicode strings with a list of tuples in Python?
How can you define the OOP concept?
What language does not use any C library like glibc at all?
Where should I start from to become a good hacker? I only know C language.
What is the best site or the best method to understand and learn to code in datastructues in Java?
What low level programming project can I take up that can be completed in two months time?
What is the use of "factory class"? Also what does this code imply "public static interfacename getInstance() {}". Lastly, what’s the use of this method?
What 2 developer languages does Stripe use?
What are some Python projects that a beginner can try to develop?
Which is the best back end programming language to connect with database applications?
In the C++program, the following loop is not getting executed more than once. Why?
Why is desktop app development so irritating?
What is difference between object oriented programming language and object based programming language?
What can I do to master computer programming, provided I am a newbie?
Which is the best book to learn C and C++ both starting from basic to advanced level?
What language should I choose, Java or Python?
How can I make a time delay in Python?
What is the difference between "source code", "compiled code" and "packaged code"?
I want to learn core Java. How many days should it take?
How is my C Code able to act as a code, from an artificial intelligence perspective?
How do I change object colors using Python?
Is there a site where I can find code that has problems so that I can master debugging?
What is the code for making a server live in socket programming using C?
Do I have to use a mutex to protect shared variables that I use for read-only purposes without in-place modification in C++ multithreading?
Why do people learn C first and then Java or other programing languages?
What's the coolest thing you can get a computer to do in 100 lines of code?
How can I fix this error in Python, “TypeError: coercing to Unicode: need string or buffer, file found”?
How do I get an internship if I have basic knowledge of C and Java?
What is the difference between a whilestatement and do-whilestatement in C?
How do I learn programming from scratch?
What does the statement "%-15s%03d %n", s1, x in a print statement of Java mean if s1 is a string and x is an integer?
How do I view the implementation of built-in functions in C programming?
Can we use any coding language for solving the coding questions asked by different software companies? If yes, which language would be the best?
How do I implement envy-free algorithm in Java?
What are the skills that I will possess after learning core Java?
When are labels most frequently used when writing a program in an assembly language?
How do I prepare for languages if I have to clear campus placements? I’m confused about whether to prepare for C++/C or for Java?
Is being an interpreter​ a good career? Which foreign language​ is the best for an interpreter​ in the tourism industry, and what is the salary​ for this job?
What was the most impossible programe you made, since you started computer programming?
Can a ML and AI enable us to optimize functional programming performance?
If I am having variable 'a' in which string is stored than how can I match that string with table of a database SQL with Python?
How can I start C++ programming with computers?
I’m interested in programming, low level languages, building apps and hardware-related stuff (like circuits, etc.). What is the correct degree for me to pursue?
Does the first line of compiler generated no-arg constructor also has statement "this()" in Java?
What are the most efficient ways to make notes for future reference while you are coding or practicing algorithms?
Can I be selected in any of the big companies in India if I code in Python?
How can I write a program to automate a certain task?
How do I develop a website using Python?
How can I find out the prime number in a given range in C?
What does \t do in Python?
Is the C# language falling out of use?
What language should anybody learn before cryptography?
Is it necessary to learn Kotlin if I have experience with Java?
Is it true that after I have mastered C++, picking up other languages like Python and Java won't be difficult?
How do we change a whole software language in Java?
How do I go from being good to being great in Python?
Does the strlen () function calculates the length of the string along with null character?
What kind of programming languages are used to build softwares for NASA spacecrafts?
What kind of sort does C++ use to do multisort?
How do you create a splash screen using C#?
How can I code in C-language for a double 7-segment display countdown timer for a micro controller?
Can I take an interview with Java even if I don't have Java experience on my resume (C/C++, SystemVerilog) for a software engineer position?
What should I do? I have a Masters degree in Telecom and Broadcasting. Should I learn a programming language or go for a networking course like CCNA?
Should beginners use frameworks and plugins while learning programming?
What does "==" mean in C programming?
What is a proper way for me to learn Java?
How can monads help in Python?
How can I use G10 code in CNC programming?
How long does it take to self-learn “C#/.NET” to freelance web apps developments? What needs to be done to learn it, and is it worth it money-wise?
What is the best assembly language for creating viruses?
How will learning Python help in Quantitative analysis?
How do I write a generic function in C to sort an array of any data type without using any library function?
How should I move string functions to two different variables in a single statement in COBOL?
Can a C++ developer learn Wordpress?
How can I introduce improved Pricing strategy to my Travel Agency?
What programming language today would be most efficient for creating a social media platform?
Can you explain the difference between procedural programming and OOP?
How can I write effective code?
Is the inbuilt 'trainImageCategoryClassifier' function of MATLAB supported for deployment?
How do marker interfaces actually work in Java when they are empty interfaces?
Is C programming language used in developing frameworks, IDEs, APIs, game engines, servers and artificial intelligence systems?
What are the characteristics of a dynamically allocated array?
What are homogeneous elements in an array?
What is a pointer to a function?
How is the online course C++ at Coding Ninjas?
Do I spend enough time practicing programming?
If people consider PHP a bad language, what’s the alternative?
Why can't I get the size for which I used ‘alloc()’ in C?
What are some tips and workflows for converting Java imperative code to streams and lambdas?
Why is Haskell doing this infinite wait on a variable that’s assigned to itself ?
What is position array?
Is there a Linux distro that is code ready (Having a compiler and something to write in, like semi-code), if so are there any for C++?
How much code do you need to learn when becoming an ethical hacker? A little or a lot? And what languages?
Is pair<int, vector<int> > allowed in C++?
Can you guide me in socket programming using C?
Are there co-routines in C and Java?
Why would a C program cause a segmentation fault when run remotely through SSH, but not on my local machine?
How do I put off studying programming because I can't think of projects to do?
Why are we doing prefix and postfix from infix in a stack in C? What is the significance? Does a computer also do this for solving calculations? Where is it used?
What is the best way to master Python from scratch? I want to start from the very grass-roots level and shoot up to the advanced level.
Why is writing a conditional operator using a ternary operator is a better practice in the JavaScript world nowadays?
What are PHP programs?
What are necessary things to know for web development in Python?
Can computer be considered as a language in DU?
Is Java crucial for fully understanding OOP?
For data scientists which language is more demanding, R or Python?
Which is the easiest sorting programme in C?
Why isn’t my keyboard working in Turbo C++?
What free app or web communities are there for Scala developers? I have learnt Scala recently and want to learn further and contribute.
Is there any Golang library that is equivalent to Python's NLTK?
Could "Dart" replace JavaScript?
What is the possible programming language to be used in Fuchsia OS application development?
What are the benefits of learning R language as a computer science fresher?
How would you explain the different back-end languages to a complete novice?
Is it a must to learn functional programming nowadays?
If I know C# and C++ and want to start developing GUI desktop applications, should I learn Xamarin/C# or Qt/C++?
What is the difference between for, while, do-while and for each loop in JavaScript?
Why is it better to write code in CoffeeScript instead of Javascript?
What is the output of the following program, and explain also the logic of it ?
Which is the toughest language?
I want to become a hardcore programmer but I don’t know anything about programming. What should I do?
Is it possible to get elements into a null array by a user in C programming?
What programming language does Uber use on the backend?
What is the best free online course to learn Computer Science and C++ programming?
What should I learn after object oriented Java?
What's difference between a Mac Book Pro 2015 and 2016 in terms of programming?
Should I learn Core and Advanced Java from Treehouse or from any other site?
Will JS frameworks eventually take over from object oriented languages?
Is it necessary to know about the history of any programming language before you start coding?
How do I get an A in AQA AS Level Computing Paper 1 Programming?
How do you search a word in a file using C programming?
Which book is the best for advanced level C language?
Is there any tool to make a Python 3.6 executable?
What is integrity in C?
Which programming language will be targeted by companies in the future?
How can I convert PXVPoint3Df32 * to vector<PointF32> in C++?
Why do people use ridiculous languages like Romanji, Hinglish, when it's obviously a disrespect to the language itself?
In interviews, if they ask you to write a linked list, can you use the predefined functions in Java?
Where do you see Java as a software developing language in the next 10 years?
Why do we use scripts in other languages in a server-side one like Java?
Why doesn’t the pow() function work properly in code blocks ?
How can I update the value in a vector of pairs in C++?
In Java, why does @Override fail for static methods?
Can a machine learn to compile functional code into imperative code?
What's the difference between namedtuple and dictionary in Python?
How can I learn to program a Fanuc robot and how do I learn to program it from the teach pendant? Where can I find the manuals and software?
Do the creators of programming languages look up on the Internet how to do something in their own programming language?
Is it easy to adapt to any programming environment while you have mastered your C programming skills?
What is the state of server-side Swift?
Are there any good resources to learn Python?
How much Database knowledge should I have to handle a Java project? I am SCJP certified and know advance Java too.
What is the scope of an extension program?
Is it normal to love a programming language?
What are the steps for programming a developer site?
Which computer language is taught at VSSUT Burla for 1st year EEE students?
Are there any good basic examples about Diameter in Erlang/OTP?
Which is the best language for creating a chatbot on a website?
Why are exceptions used less in JavaScript than in other languages?
What is the function of Linker in C programming?
What programming language do people need the most to involve in high-level research in numerical relativity?
What do you mean by C-form?
What do you think of the future of Kotlin as a server-side programming language?
What is the best course to pursue after learning core Java?
What programming language to learn next after C and Python?
Where is more information available on possible coding applications (Python, etc.) in industry-specific professions?
What are the pros and cons of learning programming from a teacher?
What programming language does eHarmony use on the back end?
How flexible is Python compared to JavaScrirpt?
What is a cool, first Python project for a newbie to work towards?
Can you stack overflow your way though a programming career?
What are the best tools, frameworks, languages, etc. for building an ontology?
Can you help me with the function toLocaleDateString()?
How do I understand what numerical type is contained in a byte array, i.e. a float or an integer?
What skills should a 3 year mechanical engineering student learn over the summer break? Should he/she learn FEA, a computer language, or a spoken language?
Which could be best language to learn for a international business professional?
Which programming language should I work on, next?
How can we make the Python programs as fast as C++ and Go languages?
Does creating an app using the G Suite require us to know the coding language?
For those who are good at programming but not math, what do they find difficult about math?
Why does the same logic give a timeout for Java but is accepted for C++?
Should key infrastructure networks be coded in non-English programming languages to make them harder to hack?
What do I do to be considered for an embedded programming job when I have a hardware experience of 4 years and basic knowledge of C?
How do I start a file in Python 2.7.13?
What is the use of scanf("%* [\n] % [^\n]",…) in c-programming language?
Is core Java knowledge enough to start with R/Machine Language?
Why is the space necessary in the C-statement: scanf (" %c", &variable) while it's not necessary when storing %d or %f variables?
Do all data science languages have roughly the same speed if you vectorize?
If Java is so good, why are they taking it out of browsers?
How can one find the degree of a node in a connected graph (C programming)?
Can someone teach me how to program from scratch for free?
What type of laptop do you use for programming?
In Java, how would you rotate an object while keeping the velocity constant using the Graphics class?
Which master's program should I choose PHP or Ruby or Python?
Are there websites which allow us to learn programming by building projects?
As a mechanical engineer, which programming language should I learn, Java or C++?
How do I run an algorithm written in C?
How do you build a reverse function in Python which spits out a new list based on a list and three indexes?
What is the main difference between while(1) loop and for(;)?
Where can I find the best C programming slides?
What should I know before learning Erlang?
How do developers update decentralized apps on blockchain?
How do I convert the numeric data type to text/string in c#?
How do I create PHP program which outputs the integers in order by the times they're repeted in the array?
Where can I learn C programming effectively within a time frame of 2 months?
Is it better to implement data structure in C language and then implement it using OOPs?
What should I do about my friend who took my microprocessor's assembly coding?
For complete beginners in programming, what sort of learning do you want? Video? Written? Hands-on?
How would you view a project based on multiple programming languages?
Who named Babel (computer language compiler/transpiler) as such?
Why it is hard to run a program in C++?
Can I define variables in an OpenFormula expression?
How do I know that I learned C or not?
Can I use Swift programming language to develop a web app?
Which is the best IDE to start with if I want to learn Java?
How do you write a function that switches the position of Python indexes?
What programming languages should I learn other than C for embedded systems?
Why does this Java code print the same two negative numbers?
How can I execute a Python function via a CMD command?
Will AI based programming be a thing in the future?
What should I use for Android Studio: Naive (C++) or Java code?
Which programming language must I learn to create my own operating system?
What are some books or resources for learning C# functional programming?
Will Google stop supporting Java as the official programming language for Android in support of Kotlin?
Intro to CIS or Intro to Object-oriented Programming. Does it matter which one I take first?
Do I need to learn PHP or any other programming languages to clear AWS DevOps Associate Level Certification?
How do I keep myself updated with latest updates in programming languages?
How do I create a class from scratch, in order to teach programming to kids?
Which book is better, "Think Python" or "Learning Python"?
Why didn't Google develop its own "Kotlin," if it wanted a Java substitute for so long?
Why do we use classes in Java? What is the need for it, because in C language there is no use for classes.
With all the online coding schools available, does it make sense to join a coding bootcamp to learn Java?
How do I display line numbers and the lines from the file file.txt that contain the string Lin and display output in color?
Is Harvard CS 50 a good start to learn programming from scratch, or is there a better choice?
When will the memory be allocated for a variable in C?
How can I check Java JRE architecture in C/C++? I know Java has the System.getProperty ("OS.arch"). Is there a similar function call in C/C++?
What is a dynamically allocated array?
What server-side stack should I use for a new project?
What are some good books I should buy to learn programming?
What are the basics of probability? How can you use it in programming?
What are the interesting network programs one can develop in Python?
Do I need to learn autoboxing and how to widen concepts for Java 9?
How do I catch an exception on any line of a Python program?
I am required to create a 3D view of a room in Swift 3, how do I approach this in Swift 3?
On a scale of 1-10, how useful would C and C++ be for a career in the IT industry?
When you're programming, has your program ever got stuck because of demanding the same location in the RAM (or the same data different times)?
Can I use IntelliSense code completion on an inactive code block in VS?
What is the code to find files with same names which are in two different directories in MATLAB and to display similar files together?
What are the languages I need to learn before joining a hexaware company?
Which programming language has the maximum scope in the current scenario?
How can I scan and print double in C programming?
Internship is at Google in C++. I don't know C++, but have multiple internships and CS experience. How hard will it be to get up to speed at C++?
How can l make a C programming function so that its output is the pulse that must supply a stepper motor and its input is the angle required?
How do I make this python code do parallel processing?
What is the need to make the Objective C language, as Swift is the best option for iOS developers?
What are the coding languages​ or tools used in the ISRO related to electronics or computer science?
If Go is suitable for system programming, why isn’t Java considered suitable, too?
How do I get started with Python and the R language?
Does there exist a UML tool that takes a list of classes, functions and variables from text and makes a series of Java classes?
How can I store a number such 1,568,758,030,464,750,013,214,100 in programming?
How can I organize my whole day and what kind of things can I use to do it (like programs, sites, notebooks)?
I'm interested in economics and I'm learning programming. What useful program (at an adequete level) should I make?
How do you create a software in C and Java?
What are the most important parts of computer programming?
Where can I start programming?
How do I make a code in C for converting speech to text?
What’s the difference between being statically versus strongly typed?
How do assignment operators work in programming languages?
What should a novice learn first: C, C++, Python, Java, or JavaScript?
Could I develop my very own spread sheet using C Programming Language?
How does a linker get the object file of a printf() function?
How can I write Python code in HTML?
How do I fill in the gaps in my programming understanding? I’ve always learned by jumping into projects on my own (using documentation and videos).
Do you have to pay Microsoft to use C#?
Which is best technology to develop an web based ERP using Visual studio 2013? (Jquery with C# or ASP with C#)
Which programing language is better to learn for Adelaide, Java or C#?
Why did Google replace Java with Kotlin, and why only Kotlin but not other languages?
Will it be soon in the near future that JavaScript joins with the Java language to link the front and back work in web software?
How do I make a pattern-conscious programme in C++ for checking identity cards?
In Java, what does the word abstract do?
Is Python 3 documentation the best way to learn Python?
What is meant by nesting a structure in C programming?
Why is my code giving an NZEC runtime error on SPOJ while it is working fine on Ideone and CodeChef compiler? I am a newbie, so some guidance will be appreciated.
Can we create 3D games in Java?
What is the difference between compiler and translator?
What are some Graphics libraries compatible with Visual C++ 2017?
Have folks started to regret choosing Python as their primary back-end language?
Is it necessary to learn C++ before taking CSE at any college?
Where is the object file of the printf() function located?
What do I include to use Windows API functions in C++?
How relevant are programming languages for me if I don't want to be a coder or a software developer? I am a business student.
Why do many students still learn Python 2 instead of 3 at college now?
Is there any lucid example on how Scala monads work and when to use them?
Which version of Python is used in MITx's 6.00.1x?
Can anybody write a simple code of kotlin new Google's programming langage and explain it?
How and where can I learn Python? What books, online courses, etc., are there?
What programming languages does Google use?
What is the main difference between scanf and printf?
Is it worth learning Java if most programmer already know Java?
Why are languages very important?
Which accounting software is most widely used in British offices in London?
Is this June the first batch of Elixir at Coding Blocks Dwarka?
What programming language should I learn out of C and C++, after already knowing Java?
Where will I get MATLAB Stateflow materials/videos?
Which is the best script language for embedded systems?
What programming language is Ubuntu touch written in?
Which well-renowned software was developed in C#?
What trendy IT tools/courses in India do not need programming language and can help one to get a job?
Which one is a complete and versatile language, comparing libraries and framework, Python or JavaScript?
What is the best Visual Basic book for beginner students?
What is 'None' data type in Python?
Why the syntax of golang opposite to that of Java, C++ or other common languages?
Are there any downsides to Python interpreting indentation and not requiring C-style braces?
How can I start learning or practicing REST API with C#?
Which field is better, C.A. or collector?
How much time will it take to be a master at Kotlin programming language?
What is the recommended style when writing Java lambda code?
Can I learn advance Java without knowing core Java?
What is the best programming language for face recognition application?
What is it like to create a compiler?
What is Any in Swift?
What skills do I need to master to say I'm good in Python with confidence?
What are the best computer programming tools?
Which programming languages or skills are necessary for a form website developer?
I want to work in SBI as an engineer. Which programming language should I know?
Which programming language has a huge demand?
What is the difference between Compiletime Exception and Runtime Exception?
As a student, is it smart to create my own programming math libraries?
Which languages are more relevant for Computer Science careers?
“rem= (I%10) TypeError: not all arguments converted during string formatting”. What does this mean in Python?
After learning HTML and CSS what programming languages should I learn next for web development?
Where can I find the black book of Java programming?
Can I implement drag and drop functionality using openGL library with c/c++?
Will C/C++ be replaced by a modern low-level language in the future?
What are tips for someone learning Swift coming from Python?
How does C++ compare to Objective-C?
What are some simple and well-written open source applications written in modern C++ (C++11 and up)?
What should I learn this summer? I am confused between embedded systems and web development. At the moment I only know C programming.
Which programming language is comparable to ice bathing?
What is the DECA program all about?
I’ve learn't the basics of Java programming which websites offer free project tutorials that you can add to your CV?
How would you explain code flow?
Why does upcasting in Java prefer the parent class variable, while in the child class, it prefers a method?
Which technology or programming language should I use to make a Windows desktop application? I know C, C++, HTML, CSS and I’m learning PHP and Python.
Where can I find a good mentor to learn C# development in depth in India?
Is it possible to get a job without a degree, but still know the programming languages?
How can I understand the Vanilla.js source code of TodoMVC?
How much time do I need to invest in learning C# to be hirable, and which areas in IT may be most prospective to look for a job in?
How can I direct input into a C program to be stored in a text file as it is entered?
What is the use of "\n" in C language?
What is the code in C programming to reverse a number with recursion?
Which language has the best future prospects: Python, Java, or JavaScript?
In which fields can Golang be used?
Which are the best books to learn computer languages?
What is a self complementing code?
How do I convert int to byte in TypeScript?
How do I download C# in 2017?
I’m a teacher in a private school in Delhi. I want to learn a language which will be good for my future. Where should I learn that?
Which is the simplest website to learn C programming?
Which is the best coaching/training center to learn programming languages in Coimbatore?
What is the difference between reference variable and object in Java?
How do I avoid using sudo in tar commands in Python?
After school, I'm gonna drop this year, but I want to use this time to improve my computer skills. Should I learn a new language or go deeper in Java?
What is your favorite programming music?
Where can I find the Java code for a chess game?
What is a C token?
What is a black book?
Is implicit parameter really very useful in Scala?
What is the best way to use Python to simulate trading?
What I should learn before I start coding a sound mixer program, and what will be the best language for this?
What is the best design pattern for a c# back end?
What is the best way to master a language?
Is it a bad idea to place dataframes in a list in Python?
Is it okay to quit your job to learn programming with just $20,000 in one's account?
What does the line of code <method class type> <method class name> const {return type val;} do?
How do I start coding in Unity and learn how to code in other programs?
What are the latest programming languages that don't have automatic memory management?
What should I learn to build my own website or store like Amazon? What computer languages and other stuff should I learn?
What resource should I use if I want to further advance my programming skills aside from TutorialsPoint?
Can the Python language make us rich in a poor country?
What would be the output of following program, Int main() {int a,b, c; a=10;b=20; c=printf ("%d", a) + ++b; printf ("%d", c);}?
How can I learn basic Programming concepts of C, Java, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, and SQL within a very short span of time?
What are some best resources to learn Python OOP?
Why has no one been able to create a text-to-singing program?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the apycot unit testing tool for Python?
Besides markup languages and programming languages what other types of computer languages are there?
How does one develop a syntax analyzer by using JFlex and JCup? Please provide the CFG of the language.
What kind of job can a person get with knowledge of PHP?
Where can I work after I’ve left the programming field?
What are the Python module docs for?
What's an easy way to teach someone the sense of programming?
Can I write reasonable complex programs if I know conditional statements, loops and class?
Where should I learn Python, I know C++?
Is Ruby only for web development?
Can we access protected methods in different packages?
Can you love Go purely? By purely I mean the language itself, not that it effectively solves business needs like team scaling, etc.
Do I practice coding enough?
Why does online Java programming always shows compilation error even if its certified in books that this program is correct?
Is it a good practice​ to learn two programming language in parallel?
What is the advantage in defining your app as a struct in Go?
What is an example of an overloaded binary operator program?
What web-related projects have you worked with in C++?
What is the actual use of file handling in any language? What various things can we do with it in Python?
Which loops execute the fastest in Swift?
How are methods used in Java?
How is Python better than Java or C#?
What is the last char in a char array?
Why are most exploits and security-related tools written in C and not C++?
What are the machine learning programming languages I can learn?
How do I make a program which includes different programming languages?
Are there advantages to languages without operands, like Esolang Brainfuck? (simple design, simple processor architecture)?
Why is this Java code not working without initializing the values?
How can I learn object-oriented programming logic in just one day?
How do I master a programming language without getting bored everytime I open a book?
What are the steps to programming in Smalltalk?
Can you write a C program that demonstrates the gets() function?
What are some awesome hacks in computer programming?
How do I learn programming via Google?
What is an example of a simple AI program (Python, Java, C++)?
How does the methods of JavaScript objects are handled in memory?
In Ruby, how does a method taking a block work?
How is the advanced Java course in Seed Infotech Pune?
How do I create a file using Java 8?
How can I write a C program to check whether a number is prime or composite using a while loop?
Where can I find some help with the Python G-spread module case sensitive issue?
What's the difference between Python, PHP and Java?
Where can I find a clear concise tutorial for using delegates in Objective-C?
I am done with Java, is this language cursed or something?
How can program performance be evaluated? Explain with example.
What kind of software applications should I make in advanced Java to get in Amazon?
What are the technical skills essential for a management consultant? What are the programming languages (and CS concepts) that would help on the job?
Which book is best for easily understanding C language?
What is chatbot technology in the travel domain?
As a computer science student, what all things should I learn apart from computer languages for a better carrer and being?
Does JavaScript require the knowledge of Java programming language?
Where do garbage values come from?
What are some good free programs for learning and doing computer animation?
How can I concentrate in programming and be a good programmer?
Why should we use algorithms and flow charts in C++?
Is the multithreading in Java real parallelism programing?
What are the best free or cheap resources to learn machine learning in Python with basic Python knowledge?
What should we do if we want to install a GNU GCC compiler?
How should I learn programming and coding?
How do I learn MATLAB/Python online if I have a commerce background?
Why do browsers only support JavaScript, if everyone agrees that it is a terrible language?
Does C# have job opportunities?
What is the difference between literal and variable in Java?
How do I start developing a basic trojan?
What are some good tutorials for Python and MATLAB?
How do I get the motivation to learn programming as a hobby to build cool/useful stuff?
How much can I earn as a programmer that uses Java or any other programming language?
What's a C program to retrieve nodes by id in a linked list?
Which is faster: Int64 or Int8?
How can I learn programming easily and faster?
How do you make a program for insult generator?
How do you write a program in Java that removes all "0" digits from a number without string?
Why would I need to write a code whose purpose is to write another code?
Should I write a compiler?
Should I know some computer languages before taking CS?
Can a function without parameters be curried?
When AI passed the Turing Test, what programming language will have been used?
How much time will it take to learn programming if you have no Computer Science background?
How does a program or a set of codes give instruction to a machine, and how does a machine sense that code via a sensor and a particular part of a machine?
Is Android itself a programming language or were applications written in Java?
What are the format specifiers for all types of data in C?
What are the best open-source programming languages?
How do I go into the advanced level if I have a fundamental knowledge of C programming?
Which programming language are good for every stage of IT?
After learning the C programming language, which language should I learn - especially for problem solving?
Do I understand functional programming if I know that it is a composition of functions, it is immutable and that is favors parallel programming?
How much Java should we want for Selenium?
When learning to program, is it better for me to look up code online and modify it for my needs or try to do it from scratch (e.g., traveling salesman P)?
What programming language should I learn to build something like Instagram?
Are there any software developers who prefer C to C++?
(Read details) In Python 3.0, does float matter at all, and if so, why/how does it matter?
Which is faster <<endl; or <<"\n"?
To what extent has Google moved from Objective-C to Swift for their iOS apps?
Where can I find a good tutorial on WebSockets in Kotlin language?
What does I<+n mean in a for loop?
Is Python a good language for making microservices?
Can I become a successful software designer if I know only the Java language, or do I have to learn other languages also?
How can I convert my Java program into a .exe file type?
Is a bootcamp a good way to learn programming languages?
Has any serious project been written in a non-English-based programming language?
What basic language​s should I learn before joining Wipro (other than C, C++, Java, and .NET)?
Can we create array of objects in Java?
What are generic pointers?
Can an old MacBook be used to learn Swift?
What is the difference between Java ME and Java? Are they completely different, or only slightly different?
What programming language should I learn to get a high paying job in 2018?
The C language is too difficult. How can I become a master in C?
What is the best way to learn R language?
Can we reverse a sign of a number using a bitwise operator in C?
What can you do with strings in Swift?
I would like to write a script for a folder rule in Outlook. Where do I start? I have some programming experience in C and C++. Would this help?
Can I destroy my computer with a bit of code, like have it heat up and explode, or something like that?
What is the best way to start learning how to program for Android?
What programs or coding language does Miguel Chevalier use for his art?
Which language should I learn: Python, C++, C or Java if I know Javascript at an intermidiate level?
How can I increase the EBITA of a project/program in the software industry?
What is the user defined function in C (simple words please)?
What is the relationship between cryptography and programming?
Can I send updated locations every minute in an API in Objective-C?
Why does left shift or right shift operation on an unsigned integer show garbage as output?
What does this computer code mean: "[.ShellClassInfo] LocalizedResourceName=@%SystemRoot%\system32\shell32.dll,-21799"?
I am not able to settle on one programming language. What should I do?
In object-oriented programming, what is the difference between a static object and a constant object?
Why do languages like C++ still require semicolons in 2017?
What is the C code behind Java's system.out.println(); statement?
Can I do the CS50 course while trying to learn C++?
How do I execute a Python script from a web browser?
What programming language should I learn to make a game prototype?
Which language is mostly used in IT fields, and which language is learned for jobs?
Which language is good for a fresher in the software company to start learning?
What is the best book to learn C and C++ for beginners with no knowledge of codes?
What source codes were used to program Need for Speed: Shift?
What are some cool small projects in Python?
How do I resolve a “CS0118 error” in C#?
What is the best C# book?
What are some JavaScript little known yet useful code snippets?
What is -5 ** 4 = -625 in Python?
In JavaScript, is a variable that’s inside a loop global or local? If it is local, how do I make it global?
In final A obj=new A(), what is the use of the final keyword on object?
As a computer science student, how should I do programming? Which books should I follow or which type of programming language should I focus on more?
Which programming language can call other languages?
What programs can we practice on to understand programming and algorithms?
Which route should I take after learning Python?
Is there any possibilities to get a software job without learning programming?
Which language should I learn for placement, C++ or Java?
How do I program a digit counter function in Python?
What programming language would be required to build a paid membership website with a feature for content restricted for digital downloads.
How is PLC ladder logic converted to machine code? Does it really convert into machine language?
Which language is used to code desktop apps?
Why does FIXME do our code in comments? Does it encourage programmers to do more comments in their code?
What's the best way to learn Python for a C coder?
Which language and platform should I select to build a chatbot for a web app?
Is Java a good language for a career?
I have just cleared my class 12 and have joined a good college with CSE. How should I improve my programming (or technical) skills?
How can I get into product-based MNCs with 4 years of experience with C programming and Linux device drivers?
What are the topics to be covered in Java for testing?
What language should I learn now (read details)?
How do I write a simple program in the C programming language that helps me to create and print reports?
What are header files and what are their uses in C programming?
How do I begin in electronics programming using C?
Does the Java RuntimeException class inherit from itself?
Is it valid in C to use (I=1;I&lt; =10;I++)?
Does a single software has a single programming language?
What should I do if my Python function isn’t returning anything?
What do you think of using Swift for creating a REST API?
What are the different fields in programming, such as website development, android app development, etc., etc.?
Is there any Python-equivalent simulator like Yaes?
What are examples of procedural programming languages?
What is the fastest language for programming?
As a software developer in a private company, who should I marry, a guy who is working in BHEL or AMDOCS?
Which author's book is best to learn Java: Programming with Java by Balaguruswamy or Programming with Java by John R. Hubbard?
Can you create a stand-alone database like a visual basic program?
Is the Objective-C language dying?
What is a string token in C++?
Which language is easier to learn, Kotlin or Java?
What concepts of the R programming language should I study prior to my job?
Why does Java not support templates?
Life is short. Do we really need Python?
Which company provides the best Travel Technology solution?
Is this important to gain some knowledge about computer languages after JEE advance before admission?
What is the prerequisite to start learning XMPP language?
How do I start learning Java if I don't know the basics of C++ programming?
What are the best free sources to learn Python?
Can I learn PHP directly if I don't have any knowledge about HTML, Java, or any other language?
Are design patterns (GoF specifically) used for other paradigms than object-oriented programming?
How can we run Java programs without CMD?
How and which are programming languages?
How do I get a scratch compiler?
How do I block a port on firewall using Java programming?
How can I avoid writing obfuscated Haskell code?
What is the newest programming language till this day?
What are some good implementations of the general Lucas’ theorem in C++?
How can I learn programming or coding using my Android phone (without computer)?
Why am I not getting any output for using float values in C program?
The downloadable PDFs for Swift are out of date after only about 1 year. How do I start Swift with only a Mac Pro?
What is the F.C.C. doing about the unlawful use of C.B. radio operators using linear amplifiers?
How do I start getting better at coding as a programmer? How do I work on new skills?
What programming language should a 40-year-old architect (with artistic tendencies) who's only interested in expressing himself learn?
How is a program implemented in a computer?
How do I save a curve in Python?
How can I convince my co-workers to learn functional programming?
Is it mandatory to know programming languages to be a hacker?
When will Google adopt Go for Android development?
How do I generate my Java program output as PDF?
Where can I find the solutions for the book "Programming in C" by Reema Thareja?
Can one get a job by learning a programming language without any professional degree?
What does elif mean in Python?
Was C# killed by JavaScript?
What programming language should I learn to get into the hacking world?
How can I make my own HTML compiler?
What programming language can I use to run scripts on desktop software or an application (for example, Android Studio)?
Is JavaScript object oriented?
What programming language is used in ticket booking websites?
Which programming language is good for learning data structure and algorithms?
Why does this code not display 288 as its output?
How do we write a switch statement in Java?
What parts of existing programming languages would you take to create your ultimate one?
Where can I get a simplified app course for programming?
What was the reason for including a static keyword in Java, apart from using it as a global variable?
Why are other languages not considered a language and a platform like Java?
How can I make a programming language with the basic knowledge of C++?
I’m going to read software engineering in a year. Which programming languages should I learn beforehand?
Should I switch to Swift or stay in Java?
How would you create a search engine for a YouTube channel?
Could you give some examples of decorators in Python?
Is there any global certification for Python scripting?
Can I learn machine in 6 months with Python knowledge only?
How do I become a Java developer in King?
What are some web development languages like J2EE?
What’s right for me, design or programming?
How can I have my code run after a JavaFX animation comes to an end?
Why do we need loop functions in C, and how do they work (simple explanation)?
Should I learn C# as my first programming language?
Why do all computer languages or software have animals in their logo (for example, Hadoop and Perl have an elephant and a camel)?
What is the difference between an abstract class and an interface in OOP?
What is fgets() in C?
Can I embed games written in C++ on a Google website?
Where is probabilistic programming (e.g. Stan, PyMC, Church) being used in the industry? Which companies, verticals and applications make use of it?
How we can decide which member function of a class we have to declare as its pure virtual function?
Can I reuse return values saved in a list in a Python class?
Which programming language should I learn beside JavaScript?
What is a brief introduction of subprocesses in Python, as well as Python’s functions and processes?
What is the Python equivalent of R programming's "class" function?
How do I start my programming career along with my college life?
What is the latest standard that allows for any programing language to be compatible with any relational database?
Are there any good libraries for implementing AI in C#.NET or Azure?
What was your experience with building Intranet applications in Python?
What is an expression in Python?
How can I be good at programming? I’m a 2013 passout.
What is the best language to program a neural network? Between C, C ++, Java, and Python, what is the best in terms of performance and difficulty?
What languages have property observers like in Swift?
How did the Swift compiler remove the need for angle brackets when importing a framework?
Is web development faster in CoffeeScript than JavaScript or TypeScript?
What should I choose, CSE or IT, if I like programming and web development?
How can I compile C graphics programs when it gives the error message: "prog.c: 1:22: fatal error: graphics.h: No such file or directory"?
Does Windows IoT have an option to program in Python?
Does learning design patterns from the Gang of Four book help only for Java developers or for other language programmers too?
Is thorough knowledge of C++ necessary for learning operating system and data structures?
What's Alan Kay’s opinion of the D programming language?
How we should convert aptitude into programming?
How can a Java program simulate keyboard pressing?
How do I print a pyramid pattern in JavaScript?
What is the learning path for Python?
Google has announced a new official programming language for Android, called Kotlin, but can we develop Android apps in Java unofficially?
Is there a Common Lisp library that is missing and needed by the community?
Can I get a job in Google without knowing any programming languages?
How do I create a table only using a nested loop and 2 variables in PHP?
What are some common confusions people learning Python have?
Can I learn a programming language and start earning from freelance sites in just six months?
Which is the best programming language to make a web app, like a hotel management application?
What developing app (e.g. Java, Python, Swift) was used to make Facebook?
How does C compare to other languages?
What does the term The Code of Blue mean?
In which language robot operating systems are written apart from LISP or Prolog?
What programming language should I learn if I am a biomedical engineering student?
What are some of the body languages we really need to work upon?
What programming language does Thumbtack use on the back end?
Is it fine to use "mapper.writeValueasString()" while returning JSON value from Java code?
Which programming languages are the most productive for you, and why (take testing, debugging, and profiling into account)?
Which are some of the best computer classes in Borivali to learn a computer language?
How can I learn C#? What topics should be clear?
Is declarative programming good for 2D games development as in QML (Qt) and the Ring programming language (Allegro/LibSDL)?
Which is the best way to revise C language​ thoroughly​ in a short time?
Recently I developed chess in Java within approx 6-7 hours, I am highly interested in programming, what field should I refer to?
Why does the Wolfram Language use (a form of) M-Expressions?
Which language is used to program Jarvis?
In Java, is there any way to say type T extends either Type 1 or Type 2, where the only common ancestor of Type 1 and Type 2 is Object?
What language is used to write apps?
What are some good tricks to identify dead code?
Which language should I learn for Android app development if I already know C++: Kotlin or Java?
Which language is best for an internship, PHP or Java?
Which are the best and cheapest institutes for PHP, .NET, and Java programming in Hyderabad?
Which database language should I consider for my first web application?
How can one generate the power set of an array in Java?
How do I write a Word Separator in Python?
Is it possible to write good code in JavaScript or is it as bad as many people say?
What is the stack/language to build a software management system that can be installed or used as a live web application?
Why is JavaScript the most popular website development language?
Is it common to have problems on every step of learning programming?
Is it necessary to have knowledge of C++ for the Informatics Olympiad? If we have a basic knowledge of some other language like Java, will it do?
Do you know who programmed you?
What site can I put up my python code for editing?
In Python, how do you stop the default argument value from initializing a class?
In C language, why do we use scanf ("%d", &(*p)) instead of scanf ("%d", p) as p itself is an address?
How is C++ used at Apple?
How do I check a common English expression like { ("good" NEAR "people") or ("gain" NEAR "money") } against Regular Expressions (Regex) in C#?
Can I use the Swift package manager to build a MacOS GUI app?
Should functions or methods be like this: beginSession, or BeginSession?
How can one starts learning programming without any computer background?
Are there any more Char 2Cs left?
How do I go about using ESRI.fileGDBAPI.dll in C# to create an FGDB?
How can I print a specific key value in a group of dictionaries in Python?
Can Python be faster than Go if we use PyPy?
What are the applications of Encapsulation in Java?
In C, when do we tokenize a string?
What is the use of pointer speed?
What is the first step to learn a language?
How much assembly knowledge do professional game developers need?
What is an effective way/code to brute force input for getting a desired output?
If I already know programming, can I become very proficient in Scala in just 1 month?
How many programming languages are compiled languages?
How many LSI keywords should I use in an article as per latest Google policies?
How do I use 'make' in C in case of a filename which contains a space?
I am new to programming. I am learning Java. I can’t concentrate. What do I do?
What is the best route to take for a newcomer wanting to build GUI applications?
What is GitHub? How it will help in learning C?
Which language do I need to know to hack the CIA’s website?
How do you input a number (up to 27 digits) and have the program give you a verbal result of the number?
What are the differences between getch() and scanf() in C?
When learning networking and for networking certifications, do we have to learn the programming language or not?
What is the best way to learn Python, where do you recommend I start?
What are the program languages used to create Linux?
As a programmer, how hard could it be to migrate from Android to Fuchsia (Java to Dart)?
In C#, why can members of a class (methods) not access the members (fields) without making an instance of that class, while this is not the case in C++?
Is C# a practical language for desktop apps?
What are the pros and cons of using a programming language like Wolfram over using something like Python, PHP, or Java for an AI-assisted web tool?
Can Kotlin programming language be used to build iOS apps?
Can the MFCC value be converted into speech in Python?
How do I make a JavaScript program?
Is learning Java worthwhile for a CS - computer software course?
How easy is it to patch a typical zero day software vulnerability?
Which coding language is required the most in companies?
What college would one prefer if one seriously wants to learn coding?
How do I start coding in the Java language?
What would be different in C++ standard library if there was no backward compatibility restriction?
What are the advantages of an assembly language in comparison with a high level language?
Which is the best online tutorial for C++,  especially for a design pattern socket?
I want to make a block breaker game on C++. I have the basic C++ graphics knowlegde. How can I programme the path of the ball after it bounces?
Are there any unexplainable anomalies in computer coding that could suggest machines have a soul?
Where should I go if I want to learn all coding languages?
In Python, if the length of my list (listname=words) is smaller than a certain number, followed by another condition (see the comment), how can I append the value in the list to another list?
Should I learn Kotlin following the Google I/O 2017 (although I am already learning Java)?
Why does a C++ program give the same garbage value on multiple executions?
How can one permanently highlight multiple selected lines in Pycharm?
Which language programming is strong for web development?
Why do we disproportionately compensate software developers, when high-level language coding is no more special or rare than design or research?
What is the most reliable C compiler and how could I make it work on my PC?
Is it bad practice to use the same name for structs and functions in C?
How can I create a text file in C if I have in main() a switch statement?
What are some fundamental things about desktop programming?
What language or framework is Instagram web coded with?
Which language is the best for the future - .NET, PHP, or WordPress?
Google apps highly uses artificial Intelligence, which languages do Google use for coding of AI? Is it possible to do Google AI coding in C++?
What tool can I use to store and fetch data when necessary while developing a Java program?
How do you make a GUI on a program?
Why doesn't Python come with a form designer like Visual Basic and the Ring programming language?
Do I need to learn a programming language if I am a performance tester?
What language is used to make MySQL? Does it use Stack (other than list, tree, etc.)?
Is it possible to develop a database application that can run on the web (cloud) and on the desktop without using two different programming languages?
What is the best way to organize my schedule, and what are the best strategies to learn Java programming in 3 months?
What is the best way to extract all variable names (instance or local- irrespective of the scope) and method names from a Java source code file?
What is best windows software to learn for programming language?
How do I execute CPP files in CLion without making any projects?
Can I use Python IDLE in Android?
Is the lifetime of static and global variables the same?
How can I implement the C language?
Before starting big data, what should I learn? I don't have knowledge in Java.
I have learnt some basic Python and Flask, should I start learning a functional language such as Scala?
How much computer language knowledge should a person have to be a good coder?
There is an application to explain a JavaScript code?
Where can I get John R. Hubbard’s Programming with Java book?
What programming languages and tools are used to create websites with interactive info graphics and data analysis (like the website pudding.cool)?
What is the best computer language to get a job in the IT sector?
Is programming really that fun?
Has the Clojure language gone quiet?
Is there any easy way to learn top to bottom MATLAB programming for an electrical engineering student?
Why do I getting more interested in PHP more than Java?
What is the logic (algorithm/code) behind jQuery's .toggle() function?
How many types of constructors are in a string class in Java?
What things will I be able to do after learning basic Java?
How can I apply in CTS to be a programming analyst?
How do you code the Python console output to write to the body of an email?
As a recession in the IT industry in India just started, which skill/language must a CS undergraduate learn to be able to secure a job in 2019?
What is the future of the Pony language?
What does the following C# method return?
Is there any use of programming languages in the petroleum industry, especially the upstream sector?
Is Data Camp good for learning R and Python?
How long does it take to learn Swift coding from scratch and be able to make an app?
What is the difference between cin and std: :cin?
How do I apply logic in C++? I am a beginner.
What is the difference between const char* and char* const in C?
How hard is Kotlin when compared to Scala?
Which programming language should I learn for learning Swift from 0?
Since C has its own printf library <stdio.h>, why does C++ still need to create its own <iostream> to cin and cout?
Which programming language should I invest my time in? Ruby? Swift? Python?
What's the connection between language library and OS library with respect to system calls?
What is the meaning of, “Python is a zero-indexing language, unlike R where indexing starts at one”?
How do I interface MATLAB code with an FPGA?
How does the 8421 code act as a self-complementing code?
Why does Hadoop use its own serialization and deserialization (SerDe) even though it is available in Java?
For any code, how does one find an equivalent code in compiler design?
How important is learning a programming language for an engineer?
What programs should I use for Twitch?
Can we mix Javascript, C# and another language (like Python, for example) in a single project?
What languages are you currently learning? What languages do you want to learn?
What is the most effective way to learn OOP (Object Oriented Programming)?
Which is the best programming language for developing web applications? Why should I choose that programming language and not another?
Should I use int or VARCHAR in MySQL (or other databases)?
Where can I upload files to compile a code for R online (R studio)?
How can I explain computer programming?
What are some semi-obscure programming languages you'd like to see used more often?
Can a person be a good developer without knowing C?
Where are record type and struct type in Google BigQuery typically used?
How many people in the world know computer programming?
Is it possible to train an AI program to decode hash strings back to their original content (at least to a degree of probability)?
Do you think and plan in a natural language when writing a program?
When do you finally know you can code?
Should my company use Java or .Net to build its management applications?
What are the essential personal attributes required to learn Java?
How do you use C programming to compare two integer arrays and see whether they are identical?
How do I find the PDF of Brian W. Kernighan's book based on the C language?
I'm starting learn Python, but I don't know where to learn first. I've learned English and know some languages like PHP and Java. Can you instruct me?
What programming languages are used in Windows?
Which is the best institute to learn python language in Bangalore?
Is C# & .NET a good idea to start from?
What can you do with strings in Python?
Is there any single advantage to using delegate/callback over async/await in asynchronous programming with C#?
In a certain code, Delhi is written as 25 and Patna is written as 29. How can “ground” be written in that code?
How do we solve input-output questions in IBPS?
How much advanced C++ should I learn before understanding TensorFlow source code?
What is the difference between difference and symmetric difference in Python?
What are some major differences between Java and Kotlin?
Can anyone give me c++ OOP programs?
Is it possible to edit a string without using an array?
How do I start programming for iOS?
What is the requirement to become a Full-stack developer of any Programming Language?
What are keywords in C, and why do we need them (simple words please)?
What are the programming languages required to know for making an electrical circuit simulation software like Multism?
How can I combine two arrays to form a composite spread (A-B) data series in a programming language?
Can the programming taught in the B.Techs be learned online? If yes, what are some websites where it is available?
How should I go about learning to program in Java this summer?
Why do we inherit iostream class from istream and ostream class?
What are programme educational objectives?
How do I display the output of my code written in C language on the screen for a user but not in the command prompt?
What would you like to add to the concept of Digital India to make it more efficient and effective for all of us?
Why does Map<> m = new HashMap<String, String>() not compile?
What are the pros and cons of learning things through self-learning formats?
Does Brian Bi use C++ in Google as well?
What are the benefits of learning C++?
What is the preferred editor for people who professionally code in Python?
Where do I learn about programming languages?
How do I write a C program to check a string as a palindrome with recursion, and with no global variable where the prototype is (char *str, int l)?
How do you know you know a programming language well enough to apply to an entry level job using that language?
Can you recommend a website with practical exercises to help you learn programming, such as Codecademy?
What programming language does a mathematician need to learn?
What are some websites that teach all the programming languages from beginning to advanced?
Why are functions within an object called a method?
Which version of Python should I learn? I’m confused.
How are user-defined functions useful?
How does the Hürkuş-C compare to the A29 Super Tucano?
There are about 7,000 different languages on Earth, so why haven't we invented one language for everyone?
It is often said that Python code is much easier to write than one written in C++, for example. What are some examples from the point of view of an expert?
Do you think a new language is a door to the new world?
Why does Golang's make() have overloaded version while Golang does not support overloading?
How do I write code in Python?
What is the best approach for preparing for competitive programming from zero?
What is good course for a C++ freelance programmer to learn the fundamentals of computer science?
What are data type conversions in c (explain in simple words please)?
What is the difference between Node.js and AngularJS?
What does feed form mean in Java?
Why have programming languages changed very little since 1975?
What are the trendy IT tools/courses in India for an experienced person, and which do not need much programming language knowledge?
Would you start a new (web app) project with Scala or Kotlin?
Why is there such a demand for Python programmers?
What does "@" do in Python?
What programming languages are used at WannaCry Virus?
What programming language should I learn to become a better developer?
Which book should I choose to learn C++?
How many operators have different meanings by default? Is it the “+” and bitshift operators only? I'm not talking about the operator overloading.
Which online course should I take for under $20 to learn iOS development and Swift and Objective-C if I am a beginner?
Which programming languages should a fresher learn, that it is beneficial in industries?
How do I implement C code for the transmission and reception of data using CAN protocol?
What are great things you can do, using Java programming?
How can I set the language in DESI 1250 AM?
Which book should I follow for the fundamentals of core Java?
Which is better among Code::Blocks and Notepad++ for a beginner, and why?
What are the advantages of C++ in real-world applications?
What is the framework for artificial intelligence in Python?
What is the best software for making Apps and what programming language should you learn?
How well do we have to know C++ programming in order to become a software engineer?
Why is it not mandatory to define a variable in JavaScript?
Is it possible to have 2 or more main functions in the C, C++, and Java programming languages?
How many projects do I need to work on to become an expert in a programming language?
Who has the original WannaCrypt code?
What is null pointer assignment?
Is JavaScript a dynamically typed or statically typed language?
Is it necessary to have knowledge of any programming language to learn Selenium?
What will be the fee for a core Java course in Hyderabad?
What is the difference between a synchronized and volatile keyword in Java?
Why do we need to write a code to sort an array?
Is there a way to replace Android Runtime with Xserver and Bionic C library with GNU C library?
How do I assign the length for a variable in Python?
What is the advantage of using Python over PHP in a web application?
Should I take the the time to learn computer science before starting with programming?
Is being in a constant state of learning programming on the fly a problem?
Why can't I see PunktWordTokenizer while I can see other punkt-related classes in Python NLTK 3.2.2?
Someone told me their girlfriend just started to learn programming and that she learned it in 2 hours. Is this possible?
How does the fflush(stdin) function in C language work and what is its specific purpose?
What is the purpose of inner classes in Java?
How do programming language commands work? For example, how does a computer understand the Print+F command if it only understands binary code?
Where can I get free study materials for CA, CMA, CS?
How do you write Elementary row operation on C++?
Can someone give the step-by-step details to set up Visual Studio code for Java and C++ in Ubuntu?
Which computer language is best for programming?
What is the difference between >= and => in Java?
What is the difference between #define and #include?
From where should a person start to learn programming for a complete beginner?
How do I count up the domain name of email addresses using Python?
What are some fun programming projects for beginners?
How good will it be to use Kotlin in Android app development? What if any company doesn't start using Kotlin?
What is #include<lib.h>?
What is output 2500ad in mpmc?
How do I read multiple input with BufferedReader in Java?
Which programming language is necessary for building an app for a conference call?
I always hated to program in low level languages, should I forget about data science as a potential career? I mean C/C++ compared to Matlab, R, Python
How do I write a program that will accept 5 integers entered by the user and check that all numbers entered by the user must be ranGen (>5 &&<51)?
Can structures in C++ have private access specifiers?
What is the use of return() in C++?
How do I move into larger projects (programming)?
How do I organize a simple Java project which is a challenge question?
Can we win a coding competion with only the C language (considering the fact that he/she is an expert or had a lot of practice in it)?
What is a dry run in Java?
What is the best app/software/piece of code that you’ve written using the Python programming language?
What are the different parts of Java? I've heard of Angular, Core, and Advanced. Can I get some more details?
How can I write a code in Java so that, during the run time, the code can modify itself?
What is the difference between Core and Advanced Java?
What courses or programing language is best for a mechanical engineer (first year)?
Who is the founder of the Objective C language?
How does a compiler produce an assembly language as its output?
How do I prepare for principles of programming languages exam? How do I remember all the concepts?
What interesting things can I do with my academic knowledge in the C language?
Is there any SOAP request option in Python 3.4?
What is Selectric code?
Which one should I learn in 2017, Elixir or Kotlin?
Which version of Python, 2 or 3, is better for a data science beginner?
Which are some good websites from where I can get some good questions on bitwise operators in C programming?
What is the best book for a beginner to learn Java in 2017? Will the older books like “Head First Java” help in learning the latest version of Java?
Can we initialize a constant variable and static variable in a constructor?
How do I count the unique words in a string and output the line number where they occur in the C programming language?
How do I make a basic D++ cyber security program?
How do I make a game in Java?
What is the best method to value Java objects? Is serializing objects to JSON and then measuring them a good idea?
Which programming languages are best to learn first, in order to get an IT job as a fresher?
How and what should I read to develop my coding logic?
Can I use Google's SyntaxNet for programming language to programming language conversion?
Is there any significant difference between programming languages? Which one is better to learn first for a beginner?
What is the difference between a runtime error and compile time error in C?
What are ways Swift is safe by design?
Is there an alternative to code?
Is C# a good language for a career?
I was using Turbo C++ recently and my friend suggested me to use Visual C++ instead. How can I compile my program in Visual C++?
What are some good, free resources to learn Python?
How can I change the colours of letters in Java programs?
Is Fortran free?
What is the maximum amount of languages you can learn before you start forgetting some of them?
I am thoroughly cleared with programming concepts but unable to code. Which are the best books to help me write code?
Which language should I learn first, Java or XML?
Can you learn Java in 2 summers?
Where can I get a link to a good and complete Assembly X86 tutorial which also has the architecture of PCs?
What's new in Swift 4?
What is the source code of Lr1 in the Pascal language?
How should I prepare myself for the ThoughtWorks college placements? Explain in detail.
Explain why we use the return function in C in simple terms.
Which is the best programming language, still not used?
Which languages do not have WordNet yet?
Do I need to know the basics of a language to study that language's IB Language A?
Is anybody working on Julia language? What is its future scope? Where can we find the resources to learn?
Why should I write "new" before some variables like new vector3 or new array?
Why, in languages like C or Java, do you have to specify the variable type for numbers, like "int" and "long long," but it doesn't exist in JavaScript?
Which it will be the most popular programming language in 2017-2018?
Which online language learning program is better: Duolingo or Babble?
What is the visual basic programming language?
What are the best low-cost resources to learn Python?
When people talk about Java programming, do they mean J2EE or just core Java?
What are the best ways to clear logic for computer programming?
How are C programs converted into software?
Where can I find a good compiler?
Where can I find algorithm and programming jobs online?
If the string is that string=Apple, then what is the logic to print the out "ppale" in Java?
Which is the best place to learn Java programming in India?
In JavaScript, what phrase do I use for "when"?
What are literals? Explain the different types of literals being used in C++?
What is the best example with Java/Python code of the dependency inversion principle?
If I want to get better at programming should I learn more functions or just solve the problem the longer way?
What are some suggestions for any good book or website to learn back-end programming?
What are sorted lists in C#?
Is Kotlin a future of Android?
Who is the youngest person to create a programming language?
What is the range of the double data type in Java?
