Should kids listen to Marilyn Manson?
What caused Paramore to change from rock to 80s style?
Which is the best ever music+video compilation based on rock music and space images?
Why am I seeing a difference between Gregor in Casterly Rock and Gregor the Mountain? Are they two different people?
Is it normal to like Pink Floyd? I've heard many people get high listening to Pink Floyd, that's why I'm asking this and I've never touched a joint.
Who are some talented rock/pop musicians who have had some terrible hairstyles in their career?
What is the worst ever Rolling Stones album?
Which celebrities in India have a rock & roll style?
What do orchestra musicians think about when they accompany rock bands?
Is the band Skillet Christian?
What was it about Link Wray's song " Rumble" that caused it to be banned from radio?
Which rock bands have had the most influence on the Indian rock scene?
Who are some good modern heavy punk rock bands?
Why hiphop artists like Street Academics dont get enough recognition in Kerala compared to the rock/alternative bands?
What if rock n’ roll had never been invented/or taken off? Would trad jazz have made more of a comeback?
Which is the best rock band in India?
What are some Christian Rock songs that I might like?
What are great indie (pop/folk/rock) songs?
What would be your perfect set list for a 1950′s rock'n'roll gig?
In the Led Zeppelin song "Rock and Roll," does John Bonham's drum part come in on count 3 or somewhere in between?
Are there any present day bands that have that surrealistic humor to their music like what Ween, Primus, and Butthole Surfers had?
What is experimental rock and post-rock?
Would it be better to try to sell music to bands than to try to become a well known musician?
What is rock music to white people and rap music to black people?
Which of the bands/groups formed in the 1980s are the greatest?
What happened with the Grateful Dead's "The Eleven"?
What are the top 10 rock songs?
What is the best Cambodian or Thai rock from the 1960s or 70s?
Who are the best metal or rock bands lead by actual classically trained sopranos?
How would schizo rock genre of music do in India?
Why was rock music created?
What are some good Romanian metal/rock bands?
What did classical music learn from the powerful colourful progressive rock language explosion in the 1970's?
Who wants to join a rock band in Denver Colorado?
What are some good songs by Led Zeppelin?
Is a misprinted Led Zeppelin II album worth anything?
What are your favourite bands currently?
What is the song Terrapin by Syd Barrett about?
What is your favorite track on the album Workingman's Dead?
What does like a rock mean?
What are the best pop or rock songs with a great key change?
What's the relationship between rock music and African-American Civil Right Movement?
According to you, which are the best Pink Floyd numbers?
Why does most modern Rock music seem so low energy and bland now?
Can I be in a rock band with a violin?
What's your favorite disco-tinged song by a rock band?
What is the state of rock music in India as of 2017?
Were any big bands integrated?
Where do you see rock music in India in 5 years?
What is good Russian music similar to Muse, Linkin Park, Tool and other similar rock bands?
How would you rank the music albums by the Finnish band, Poets Of The Fall, from best to worst?
Who was Tom Dowd?
Is there a thriving modern rock or metal music scene anywhere in the United States or is everything online now?
Who won the punk goes pop battle, Fall Out Boy with "Young and Menace" or Paramore with "Hard Times"?
How would sex be if you did it to heavy metal rock music?
Which 5 rock guitar players could be considered the best?
Why should I listen to rock music, despite all the available music in India?
What are the best Indian rock bands of all time?
Why is rock/metal not so popular in India?
Is The Beatles' "Dear Prudence" the best combination ever of a ballad and an unbelievable rock bass line?
Are there any good guitar and drummer instrumental rock/metal bands?
What is "In The Flesh" by Pink Floyd about?
What are some good instrumental music like Orion (by metallica)?
How do rock bands like Incubus, Tool, System of a Down, etc. make an album?
Why do stoner and doom metal fans love pentatonic scales?
Why hasn't any other Rock or Pop band generated the type of obsession the Beatles have?
What are some good Bulgarian metal/rock bands?
Do smart people like Pink Floyd?
What is your favorite song by A Perfect Circle?
What is the best rock bass guitar sound ever recorded?
How do I live the rock star life?
Why do some people hate Linkin Park's The Hunting Party even though they liked their first 2 albums? I thought THP would make the old fans happy.
What are some good laid back alternative rock songs?
Why do I like Frank Zappa even if I don't like rock music?
Do you stop what you are doing and break out your air guitar when you hear Jimi Hendrix or Led Zeppelin playing on the radio?
What do you think of the following bands: Lifehouse, Chevelle, Seether, Shinedown, and Dishwalla? They are some of my favorites.
What album do you love, but, for whatever reason, only listen to once or twice a year?
Is there any violinist in Mumbai who would like to collaborate with us for an acoustic rock song?
What are the best artists/albums/songs of the Anatolian Rock era?
Do you think "Their Satanic Majesties Request" should be reconsidered by rock critics?
What are some good songs that I should listen to? I'm looking for rock, indie, indie rock, indie pop, grunge, hipster, really good bands, classic rock, and hardcore punk.
Why did Ozzy become the most successful of the members of Black Sabbath?
What is the background story of The Rock?
Is Slipknot as popular as it used to be back in 2000-2010?
What is the name of the guy driving the car in the Blue Oyster cult video I'm burning for you?
Why don't Rock bands make good songs anymore?
Why did people dislike the Stone Roses' Second Coming so much?
What is the keyboard sound used in Shine On You Crazy Diamond by Pink Floyd?
What do you think about Linkin Park's new single "Battle Symphony"?
I normally listen to "Queen" and "Pink Floyd", what kind of music genre does it sound like that I'm interested in?
How is it possible that Deep Purple are not considered one of the (if not the) best hard rock bands in the history of music?
Which musicians/bands have been influenced the most by Nine Inch Nails?
Why is the rock music genre dying or unpopular in today's world?
How do you learn Jailhouse Rock?
Why do people criticise Linkin Park so much for experimenting with their sound?
Which One Direction song is more mature, has substance and has mature pop rock music?
If Elvis Presley was the King of Rock 'n' Roll, why didn’t he perform at Woodstock?
What do you think are the hardest things to play on an instrument?
What is the difference between a tritone sub and a diminished chord?
What do you think of Linkin Park's album One More Light?
What are some less well-known sixties and seventies classic rock albums?
Are the Beatles, theRolling Stones, Cream, Iron Butterfly, Steppenwolf, Led Zeppelin, and Herman's Hermits pop or rock bands?
Who does the best interpretation or cover of The Beatles songs?
Why is there heavy rock and hard rock but only heavy metal and not hard metal?
What are your top child title tracks from any rock and metal bands?
Who were the shared influences of Cheap Trick and the Sex Pistols?
Did the Rock in Opposition movement have a philosophical stance?
Are Adidas Superstars punk rock?
Do heavy metal music listeners have sharper minds than the minds of those who listen to classical music?
What do you think of Iron Maiden's classic era (1980-88)?
What if you could invite up to 8 deceased rock artists to perform together, who would it be and why?
Who plays the harmony in a rock band?
Why do some music critics dismiss progressive rock?
What is your favorite song by Stone Temple Pilots?
How do I get into Pink Floyd?
Why aren't the Butthole Surfers in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Is conservatism the new punk rock?
What are some albums that mix rock, funk and jazz instrumental music done by the same band?
What are the best Christian rock songs besides creed?
Why do you like punk rock?
Who is the goalkeeper on the artwork for the single 'Sit Down' by the band James?
What are some upbeat rock music?
What are some bands similar to Dethklok?
What is the best disco/funky track by the Rolling Stones?
Is Black Veil Brides metal?
What are rock's?
Are there any young hard rock bands that are good?
Why have so many copies of Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon been sold?
How much does Hard Rock Cafe pays the artists?
What is the exact meaning of EL VY's song "Return to the Moon"?
Was Guns N Roses a hair/glam band?
What are some good bands/artists?
Which one should I buy, Rock Zircon or KZ ED5?
What are the archetypes of rock and roll music?
Are there any good, young, hard rock bands?
How would pop and rock be different if Ian Curtis was still alive?
Is The Neighbourhood an alternative rock band?
What is on the cover of Pink Floyd’s Meddle album?
Why do girls like more of electronic and dance music than rock and metal?
Who is the blonde in the Jockey "I Love Rock ‘n’ Roll" ad?
Do you know more songs like "Cigarette Daydreams" by Cage The Elephant?
How do you transition from a beginner to an intermediate guitar player?
Which songs of Pink Floyd are written by Rick Wright?
Why are 95% of long-term rock bands all men? Why don’t many all-woman bands write and play hard rock?
How come rich people don't usually listen to rock music, generally speaking?
How do you sing rock?
Does it ever happen that a member of a rock and roll band can't play for whatever reason, so his/her place is taken by a roadie?
Which is the most underrated band ever?
What is the role of rock music in your life?
What are the most popular touring American or British rock acts in India?
What is the rock scene like in Tokyo?
How is the commercial performance of Linkin Park's new album, One More Light?
What is it like being in a high school rock band?
Why don't we have classy Telugu rock bands like Malayalam rock bands? Thaikkudam Bridge, Avial, etc.
What are some of the best surf rock albums?
Shall I follow my rock star dream?
What are some good bands who are comparable to Katatonia?
What is Bright Eyes’ best album?
What is the role of the drums in a rock band?
What is the likelihood that someone could become a famous "rock star" now?
What is the typical demographic for rock music?
Why do people keep complaining that Linkin Park is just Chester and Mike these days?
Why is most rock music negative and depressing?
What guitar should I get for psychedelic rock?
What are some artists/songs you would suggest for a person who likes 70s soft rock for a variety?
Which album do you think best defines the band Genesis and why?
What kind of person listens to rock?
What does former rock band name Mott the Hoople mean?
Why does China have no good band like The Beatles?
How do rock and heavy metal singers get that hoarse and husky voice of theirs?
What is meant by rock anchoring?
Why did the AC/DC band request three oxygen tanks and masks for their Melbourne show?
Why doesn't the Dove Awards have a metal/hard rock category anymore?
Why are backbeat drums so important in rock music?
What are the best Linkin Park live shows?
What are your most "controversial" opinions in rock and metal?
Chuck Berry is dead. Long live rock and roll. Who, besides Chuck, has contributed the most to rock and roll, musically or otherwise?
Are there any modern rock bands that play songs that sound similar to The Living End's "Carry Me Home"?
Had Soundgarden regularly been playing the song with the "In My Time of Dying" refrain, or was that unique to their last show?
Why do people hate KISS (band)?
Where can I find anyone who would like to see a free, in-depth master class called Exploring Dark Star - The Improvisational Concepts of the Grateful Dead?
What are the Switchfoot songs that mean the most to you?
Do you know of a classic rock song that was released in the 1970s that starts with E?
What are some jazz recommendations for a soloing-oriented rock guitarist?
Which is the greatest American rock band of all time?
Was sister Rosetta Tharpe the forerunner of rock and roll?
What Indian rock music bands do you recommend?
What Australian band is worth listening to the most? Do you have any Australian bands to recommend?
Will rock music die once the most famous rock band members die?
Which rock songs have the best male vocals?
What are top books based on rock and roll?
What's your review of Pink Floyd's The Division Bell?
How can I enjoy some live rock performances in Delhi?
How could the Today Show not give recognition to the passing of rock super legend Chuck Berry?
How popular is rock music in India compared to other popular music genres?
Are you disappointed with Linkin Park’s new album, just like me?
What is your best/worst experience with a rock star or any famous musician?
Who are some musicians similar to Rob Scallon?
Why are fans of pop artists and bands so ignorant compared to rock and other genres?
Is Pink Floyd still cool, or does Gen-Y consider it to be their parents’ music?
How well must one be at drumming to make it in with a rock band?
What song(s) did you play in Battle of the Bands?
Is Queen the best rock group in the world?
Does anyone still do the “make a break, make a move” like the Rock Steady Crew?
Can rock music make a comeback?
Do you remember an old MTV music video where the members played in a football stadium and at the end of the show they climbed in the back of a pickup?
Are there any bands similar to Dubioza Kolektiv?
Why do some religious people seems to think that rock music is demonic or satanic?
What song has the line "Haven't you people ever heard of, Closing the g**n door"?
I'm 12 and I love Pink Floyd, is it normal?
When and where did you first hear a song by the classic 20th-century rock group -- The Beatles? What did you think?
Which are some of the best live musical concerts? Preferably of rock/pop genre.
Why did Chris Cornell kill himself?
What is your review of The Endless River (2014), a Pink Floyd album?
What one band’s sound best represents what we today consider Classic Rock? I'm listening to Humble Pie and Foghat at the moment.
What are some songs sharing the same title track from the different bands? (Not a cover version).
What are some good songs to listen to like "Hey You" by Pink Floyd when you are high?
Who are the best modern punk rock bands with fast and heavy guitar?
Does listening to rock songs affect the brain adversely?
What is the name of this particular woman who made an appearance in the “Down Under” music video (1981) by the rock band Men at Work?
What are the effects of confining pressure on the strength properties of rocks and rock mass behavior?
What are some rock songs with 3 guitars?
What are some heavy metal ring tone music?
Will rock listeners ever support EDM?
Will Radiohead tour again in the future?
Do you feel that there's enough scope, for more usage of rock music in film music?
Despite being a mediocre band, why is Coldplay so overrated?
What is the Sigiriya rock?
What is the purpose of Hard Times by Paramore? Is there any moral value from the song?
How is the Rock so charismatic and liked by many?
What is a rock band's main income?
What is the most badass thing about A Perfect Circle?
How much crossover is there between the skills required to produce and engineer electronic music and those required for rock music?
Did punk rock produce any musical innovations, or was it just a regression to badly-played rock 'n' roll?
Why is John Frusciante considered so special?
What are some of the must listen to English songs once in lifetime?
Why are there some EDM artists that are labeled "Rock" (even though it's not actually Rock) instead of EDM?
What are the songs which would make a great entrance theme for wrestlers?
What is the most popular band in Europe today?
Why is trance music not more popular than pop or rock music?
Is Billy Joel considered a classic rock artist?
What's it like to be a roadie with a serious A List rock band?
Has anyone heard of a band called Crywank? If so, what's your favorite song?
Do "punk rock" drummers flail their arms that much when they're actually performing live?
What rock music are you currently spinning?
Are certain genres of music unhealthy for the brain (rock, metal, pop)?
Just how far will pure, raw energy and grit take you?
What was your favorite School House Rock song/short?
What are the best Dylan-influenced tracks by The Beatles and The Rolling Stones?
Is there a biographical movie about Led Zeppelin or Pink Floyd?
How long has rock music been popular? And, how long will it stay? What do you think?
Was Pink Floyd or Guns n' Roses bigger at the peak of their careers?
What are the five best politically-charged punk rock albums?
Who are the best modern hard rock bands that still exist in 2017?
How do you compare the styles of Guns N' Roses and Nirvana?
Do you think progressive rock is an underrated rock genre?
Who can be considered a god of lyrics?
Will you suggest some hard rock songs?
Can you recommend your favourite 90s, 80s, and 70s songs (like the Beatles and Pink Floyd)?
When did rock and roll start and who were some of its first artists?
Did the frontman of Venom, Cronos, really say that "the rock ‘n’ roll is just entertainment"?
What is the best band you've ever seen live? Is there a great performer who is better live than on his or her recordings?
What is the best, but easy-to-use, internet website, for using virtual instruments to create rock music on?
How difficult would it be to make an old-school rock'n'roll band and bring rock back to its glory?
What are some sad rock and metal songs to listen to?
When playing live shows with a rock band format, what are some tips for making load-in and set-up as seamless as possible?
What are some melodic rock bands?
What is the most philosophical rock song?
What are some top names that performed at the Summer of Love in 1967?
What rock & metal frontmen are most respected among their peers?
Is god able to make an unbreakable rock and then break it?
How do you do the head bang without getting dizzy?
What is the most moving pop/rock song for you and why?
Is Nirvana's song "Smells Like Teen Spirit" a metal song?
What are some underrated progressive rock albums you’d like to share in Quora?
What are some questions that you would ask a famous Chinese rock punk band?
Which bands/artists would you recommend for someone that listen to Queen and Pink Floyd?
How often would a rock drummer use "advanced features" such as half open hi-hat and triple zone ride?
Which rock singer are good at belting?
Do you agree that Gimme Shelter by the Rolling Stones is one of the 10 best rock songs of all time?
What are the best progessive rock blogs?
Why did punk rock fade away?
What are the musical similarities and differences between punk and metal?
What do you expect from Linkin Park's upcoming One More Light?
What are some facts about Led Zeppelin?
What are some great songs and guitar solos with wah-wah?
Which band do you prefer to listen to, The Eagles or The Beatles?
What is the main difference between geology and Rock Engineering?
What is the best place to go to in Gothenburg if you like Punk Rock? And are there any good local bands?
Why are chromites related to ultramafic rocks?
Are there any young rock bands with songs similar to the chorus in "The Pretender" and “Feast of The Famine" by the Foo Fighters?
How popular in India were the rock bands like Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, et al. during the 80s and 90s?
What are some bands as good as Black Veil Brides that don't scream all the time?
How do you rate the Indian rock band Sifar and it's lead vocalist Amit Yadav?
Do fans like it when their favourite band blows up?
Has Lisa Ono ever sung rock?
Which is the most mysterious musical album or has more secrets involved?
What does send the stones rock and rolling mean?
What is a good book of b/w photos of classic rock stars or country stars?
Are you in support of Linkin Park's new music style? Do you think they should be back on rock again?
Who is the leader of Pink Floyd?
What are the best Turkish rock bands?
Why hasn't Joe Cocker been inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame?
Why is Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon generally held in higher regard than The Wall?
Why are Yes, King Crimson, Genesis and Deep Purple so underrated, compared to Led Zeppelin, despite being equally good, if not better, musicians?
Why is Rush considered a band that appeals to Techies and quantitative people?
Can you create the greatest supergroup in heaven or on Earth using only dead rock musicians?
Are there people in the Czech Republic who listen to rock and metal?
Why were Oasis and Blur considered the greatest British bands in the 90s?
Is it normal to feel high whilst listening to Pink Floyd?
What are some good things for a guitar player to know about?
Who plays the harmonica on ZZ Top's "Waitin' for the Bus" from their Tres Hombres album?
Are their any good young rock bands similar to Audioslave?
Which classic rock bands from the 60's and early 70's are highly underrated?
What type of psychological effects are caused by rock music?
What bands have the greatest mismatch between their sound and their name?
Should/Will Coldplay and Linkin Park ever collaborate?
Which sound pedal will be best to play mild rock with a delay tone?
What are the basic differences and similarities of these genres: nu metal, alternative rock, pop rock, new wave, and synthpop?
Did anyone here come to rock and roll?
Where do I find more bands like Exivious?
Which band is better, Nirvana or Green Day?
What are some good rock songs by 21 pilots?
What hit Rock & Roll song is rarely covered because it is difficult to sing as well as the original?
What are the qualifications for entry into the Rock N' Roll Hall of Fame?
Are there electronic (EDM) artists that incorporate rock and metal elements?
Does it mean that a person has a bad muting technique if they use a fretwrap? Is it always necessary to use one or only in some situations?
Are there any active chat rooms and forums for punk rockers?
Is Frank Zappa the proof that you don't need to go to music school?
Can it be boring for rock stars to play the same songs over and over again touring for 10+ years? If not, how is it not?
What's the best Filipino rock song?
What Japanese rock bands were the most popular in Japan in the 60s and 70s?
Is rock music unhealthy for the brain?
Do you read magazines dedicated to rock music?
How does Chinese rock music do in America?
Are there any other bands that make music like The Lumineers?
What is your interpretation of lyrics of the song 'Wearing the inside out' by Pink Floyd?
Why do Indian rock bands fail to shift into mainstream music?
Who are the 3 rock and roll bands who are very underrated in music history?
Are you excited for the upcoming Linkin Park album One More Light? Any expectations? The pre-releases had a mixed response but still managed well.
What did Lennon think of bands of the 1970's?
Who are some of the most educated and smart rock stars?
What is the best cover version of Pink Floyd's "Wish You Were Here"?
Are there any good young hard rock bands?
What happened to the desi Rock bands like EP, Noori, The Nukes? Why aren't they releasing any songs?
Are there any new hard rock bands bursting on the scene for the first time in 2017?
Why is the sound mix at every rock concert have such heavy bass that it drowns out most guitars?
What's the best electropop band ever?
What is your favorite track on the album American Beauty?
Where can I find good newcomer bands similar to Seether (first two albums) or Black Stone Cherry?
What is a good name for a punk rock band?
What are your favorite post-rock songs and instrumentals?
What themes are prevalent in the Rolling Stones' songs?
What are some indie, alt, electronic, or crossover rock bands that are worth seeing live?
Is Alternative Rock somehow different from regular Rock?
Why hasn't there been a rock group with mainstream popularity like Nirvana or Pearl Jam since the 90's?
Why do some people think Nirvana wrote "Black Hole Sun?"
What are some songs using weird modes on Rock and Metal music?
Why are English rock bands the best in the world?
What are rock, jazz, blues, pop, rap, etc., in music?
What is the state of rock music in regional languages in India?
Are there any good teenage hard rock bands?
What is the genre of Linkin Park's next album “One more Light”?
Why is the independent music scene so bad in India (nothing different, stick to the generic singer-songwriter/rock/metal/jazz/covers)?
How popular is rock music in India?
What is your favorite Finnish rock band?
Are there any Pink Floyd fans between the ages of 9-13 on Quora?
What does the wailing between the segue of "Speak To Me" and "Breathe" mean by Pink Floyd?
What is the meaning of the song "better days" from of the rock group Supertramp?
Are there any children of rock stars that are in good emerging rock bands?
What are the best headphones for pop, electric dance music, R&B and alternative rock?
What are some of the best “indie rock” albums of the 90s?
Why is Linkin Park the most popular English band in Bangladesh?
Why do people hate pop rock?
Was Keith Moon essential to Pete Townsend's and The Who's success?
What are some songs to cover and perform live, with easy drums but everything else averagely tough?
What separates real rock stars from those who can barely book gigs despite years of practice?
What are some songs with great bass lines which you actually can enjoy? Like led Zeppelin's bass line by John Paul Jones or RHCP's Flea?
What is the name of gun on Guns N' Roses cover photo?
What are some heavy melodic songs like Metalingus, I Don't Wanna Stop, Breathe,The Vengeful One and Nightmare?
When did "band" generalize from marching brass to rock groups?
Did white artists steal rock and roll from African Americans?
How much have the Rolling Stones lost in royalties and other income due to their deal with Allen Klein?
What's the first song that comes to your mind when you think of Pink Floyd?
What are the songs similar to "Old Time Rock And Roll" by Bob Seger?
Have you heard of the band, Tauk?
Do you prefer punk or metal? Why?
Are the Red Hot Chilli Peppers still touring? If so, are they worth seeing live?
Why is OK Computer considered as one of the most important rock albums ever?
Have the values of the original punk rock penetrated into the mainstream?
Are there any rock singers who are good scat singers?
What is the story behind the Green Skeleton t-shirt Nigel (Christopher Guest) wears in This is spinal Tap?
I cannot stop listening to U2. I adore them. Is there something wrong with me?
Why do people mock-request "Freebird" at rock concerts? Is it something that started off as genuine, then became a cliche and now is done ironically?
Did the Grateful Dead ever cover anything by the Allman Brothers Band?
What are the differences among the various flavors of death metal?
What are some good rock song with two electrics guitars to play with your friends?
Do you think it would be better if a rock guitarist wore glasses or did not wear prescription glasses?
Can you tell me the difference between pop and rock?
Which Rolling Stones’ non-hits deserve more recognition?
How do you develop a USP for a rock band?
What psychedelic rock bands are similar to Minami Deutsch and Kikagaku Moyo?
Given that rock and metal music is demonised in India, what is the way forward for true fans?
Is duralumin a hard metal?
What kind of issues did Pink Floyd comment on?
What do we do to those about to rock?
What do you think about the song "Я так хочу" of the Ukrainian rock group Океан Ельзи and do you like it?
What is Linkin Park?
What are some bands similar to Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros?
Who was Pink?
Which is the superior album: All Things Must Pass, Band on the Run or Plastic Ono Band?
What do you think about the song "Алиса" of the Russian rock group Би-2 and do you like it?
Are there any Arab rock bands?
Who are the top five rock artists?
What are some good underground rock bands?
Is there a parallel between the punk rockers of the mid-seventies and the classic rock and rollers of the late 1950s?
What is the future of Green Day as a rock band in 2018?
What is the best solo album by a pink Floyd member?
Why do we get tired of EDM faster than other genres, like rock, jazz, blues, etc.?
How do the Sex Pistols compare with the punk bands of today?
Why is the correlation of rocks difficult within Archean and Proterozoic rocks?
What are some good exercises to play bass, primarily for rock music and slap bass for funk?
In which country is "acrobatic rock and roll" actually popular?
Why did Neon Horse’s first album not have commercial success?
Which according to you are some of the best 60s and 70s rock songs?
What's the best Spotify playlist for rock, such as AC/DC, Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, Survivor, Ozzy Osborne, and similar artists and music types?
Would you consider that the Rolling Stones play "fast" rock 'n' roll?
What are some good new alternative rock or indie bands?
How can I be a solo rock artist?
What’s your take on Linkin Park's latest songs?
Why do people like alternative bands?
Which is your favorite NWOBHM band, excluding Iron Maiden?
Is The Offspring a corny band?
Who played the lead guitar on the Rolling Stones’ song Grown Up Wrong?
What is your reaction to Linkin Park’s new album, "One More Light"?
Could you suggest some French Folk Rock/ Folk Metal bands that sing in French such as Schandmaul, Ensiferum, Wintersun?
Can the song High Hopes by Pink Floyd be interpreted in the sense of war?
Will rock music become mainstream again? If so, why, and if not, why not?
Who do you think is/was the most influential woman in rock music?
What are the best Israeli rock albums?
Is there a band today that's just "Rock"?
Which rock bands are not satanic?
Why is Indian classical music so soothing compared to rock music?
Can rock n' roll return from the grave and be as good as it was in the 60s/70s?
We need more rock and roll in this world. Who agrees?
How do I play multiple guitar songs on one guitar?
Do you know the Franco Suspitsados’ band?
What happened to the 80's style of rock?
What's your favorite Spanish alternative/indie music?
What was punk rock music reacting or rebelling to?
What is Red Hot Chili Peppers' most famous song?
What happened to Spinal Tap, after the film This Is Spinal Tap?
What is a creative name for a classic rock playlist?
Why is rock music so attractive?
Is there a psychological or neurological reason why people bob their head forward and back during rock songs?
What happened to the Grateful Dead between 1972 and 1990?
What album is the best from the band Rancid?
What's the most patriotic metal song you know (in regards to America)?
Where can I listen to some good raga rock music?
What are examples of bands like Evanescence? How are they similar?
What are some good alternative rock songs?
Is there a modern rock band better than Rage Against the Machine/Audioslave? If yes, could you name them?
What is the reality of being in a famous rock band?
How influential have The Strokes been to contemporary rock music?
Is Coldplay a chick band?
What is your favourite Rolling Stones ballad from the seventies?
What are the best guitar pickups for progressive rock/metal?
What is that music video of girls lip singing but the song is from a rock band?
If you could make a super band, who would you have in it? What would it be called?
Why do alternative bands or rock groups, like Gorillaz or Foo Fighters and other bands, not get played on the radio much or hit the top charts?
What are some of the most influential record producers and audio engineers in rock and why are they notable?
Are those who listen to rock music angry, and those who listen to country, sad?
Is rock music dead as a genre? Was its living phase the period from the 1950s to the 1990s?
Why do I want to rock and roll all night and party every day?
Which current bands/musicians are known to have groupies?
What's the ultimate rock song?
Was Townes Van Zandt an influence on John Denver?
What are some of the best rock and metal live performances you know of?
If Jimi Hendrix had lived, would he have continued touring and being an influence on the current music scene, like the Stones or Black Sabbath?
What do you know about the band Kill Your Name?
What is the meaning behind the name of the rock group Supertramp?
What is the 90s video that shows the band walking through a youth shelter? It was shot in black and white and was either a hard rock or alternative song.
Are there any good rock ‘n’ roll spots in Kochi where people can actually chill?
What is your favorite song by Royal Blood?
Could a person sue a rock concert if it causes deafness?
Are there any hard rock bands with members in teens or early 20s that are looking like they will emerge in 2017?
What is your favorite alternative band?
Why is that there will never be as good as Pink Floyd again?
How did people in pre-internet days learn guitar by ear? I wish to learn by ear but I am not getting anywhere. How do I do it?
Which is/was the biggest American Rock band of all time?
Can you suggest some good rock songs which you think might not be known to everyone?
Why should I like The Beatles?
I play electric guitar. What kind of guitar should I have as a second guitar? Should this be a steel-string or a nylon-string one?
Does anyone body rock when they are listening to music? I do and it disturbs my family and apparently ruins our furniture.
Could the Beatles have been successful with just Lennon or McCartney, not both?
Can you recommend some beach/party/surf rock bands?
All the documentaries portray Keith Moon as a hyperactive ADD clown. What was he like in the more quiet hours?
What is the appeal of the soft rock and lite pop genres?
What are some similar songs to 'What is and what should never be' by Led Zeppelin?
Why is the introduction of Gimmie Shelter so mind boggling?
What's the name of this rock song where these punk rock guys are walking in the rain and some guy throws a cocktail in the video too?
What are some great Bollywood/Hindi rock songs or with nice guitar riffs/solos?
Are there some YouTube channels like MontageRock and Spaceuntravel that regularly add rock, metal, and alternative rock songs to their page?
Who do you think is the greatest rock bassist of all time?
Why is Fraggle Rock such a good show?
What are some bands that play swamp rock music?
Why should a common Indian listen to Rock music?
What is your favourite hard rock song, currently?
Why is Volbeat an awesome band?
Why did Pink Floyd's "The Division Bell" receive lukewarm reactions from fans and critics, despite containing their best efforts since The Wall?
What are the characteristics of modern progressive rock?
Why do most rock musicians have straight hair? Can we relate it to their musical talent?
Is rock actually music?
How has Indian culture influenced and shaped rock music?
Why don't radio stations ever play non-singles or b-sides?
Why was Deep Purple so huge in Europe and Led Zeppelin so huge in North America?
Why is rock music considered evil by some people?
What are the greatest rock guitar songs?
How do you get into country music?
Which are the best rock/metal/alternative podcasts?
What makes bands successful?
What are the differences and similarities between 80s and 90s rock?
How can you describe the rock bands in 1960?
When do you think BTS will be done as a band?
What album is the most immersive?
How can I make the Gothic rock/symphonic metal song I'm writing popular in India?
Why did Crass (UK punk band) die?
How much does a journeyman rock guitarist make as a member of the touring band of a famous rock artist?
Is there a better rock song than Green Grass and High Tides by the Outlaws?
What is your favorite blues cover by a rock band?
What are some good songs by Bob Dylan or The Rolling Stones, or any similar musicians?
How well does the typical "rock star" understand music theory?
What are some characteristics of swamp rock music?
Do you know any bands with guitar work like Dorje but vocals like Papa Roach?
Was Dave Navarro invited to RHCP's rock and roll hall of fame ceremony?
How do I start listening to Rock music as a newbie? What are some recommendations to start with?
What are some good examples of the tuba in rock and roll music?
Why did all the original Ramones die so young?
If you're a rock star engineer at Twitter, should you leave?
What are some good doom/stoner bands?
In the movie "It Might Get Loud", do you think they chose the right guitarists, each symbolizing a different decade in rock music?
Who does Aaron Marshall play with on live sets these days? I'm pretty sure I spotted Plini and Troy Wright on the videos. I’m unsure of the others.
Which rock and rap songs do you think are the best to feel the difference between FLAC and MP3 files with a normal headphone?
Are The Rolling Stones coming to Sarajevo?
Why do prog rock bands cover their albums with naked bodies (e.g., Rush's Hemispheres and Yes's Going for the One)?
Where can I download live concerts, e.g. jazz or rock, etc.?
Have you ever spent time with a rock star? What was he/she like?
Which is the most underrated rock music band?
What is the most underrated Bob Dylan album?
What's the hardest rock song to play on drums?
What is your favorite song to play on a guitar whether it is on electric, acoustic, classical, or bass?
Which bands influenced Led Zeppelin?
Who is the biggest rock band now?
Why didn't Dream Theater use their “classic” band name font on the album cover of Falling Into Infinity?
Is it true that the Vedic literature, the Samaveda, has records of all kinds of music ever made, like rock and hip-hop?
What is the difference between Heavy Metal and Rock music?
Which is the most overrated Pink Floyd song?
Will there be another band like The Beatles?
What hard rock, alternative, and/or metal albums are you looking forward to in 2017?
Is it true that some people just have Rock 'n' Roll in their blood?
What is the best source for streaming classic rock videos?
If I love Judas Priest and Iron Maiden, are there any new heavy metal bands that I might like?
Could rock musicians write such songs without using drugs? For example, Kurt Cobain from Nirvana.
Why does rock music make me depressed?
Have you ever been to a rock concert on a boat?
What made rock and roll popular?
When will Rammstein the rock band arrive for the show in India?
Which rock star has the best stage presence live? What makes him unique?
What is the name of this song whose video was filmed in Las Vegas?
Do Rap fans like Rock?
Was George Harrison the nicest Beatle?
Which guitar is the best for alternative rock?
Why do you think the musician Liz Y2K isn't more popular?
Do you know some good tutorials for late 50s rock and roll dance moves?
What are the main qualities talent scouts (music) look for in a potential band?
How big are the biggest rock concerts in India?
Is Avenged Sevenfold copied off of Guns N' Roses or are they just inspired by them?
Is David Bowie the only rock star who was disparaged in another rock star's song?
How do I get a Marshall tube amp sourced to India without being ripped off?
What are some good local rock bands in the Fort Myers and Naples area?
Was Frankie Knuckles the greatest ever house music producer?
How much of an influence do musicians from the 50's to 80's have today?
What are some rock music?
Why is Nirvana music so catchy?
Why aren't there any famous pop bands in India?
What is the best space rock guitar solo?
What U.S. cities have the best rock ‘n' roll scenes?
How can I pursue career in mathematics and at the same time be a guitarist in a rock band?
What music do you like more: rock or metal?
When you name a rock band, do you encapsulate your message in two or three words?
Where did the original bass, drums, guitars (rock-n-roll) line-up originate?
Would it be good to play classic songs in a kids party?
Which is used the most, narrowband or wideband amplifiers?
What are the bands similar to Berroguetto?
How can I make a pop-rock song sound more metal with the guitar?
What are the inspirations of modern progressive rock?
How much did classic rock bands like Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, The Who, etc. charge for their concert tickets back in the day?
What is you favourite rock song of 70s - 90s?
Do you know any good rap-rock songs and/or bands?
Are generation gaps growing or shrinking?
Is Robert Plant a good singer?
Can a bass synthesiser replace a bass guitar with a little adaption for rock songs (usually a gothic, punk, or metal one)?
Why do a number of rock and metal guitarists use humbuckers live but record some parts with single coil pick-ups in the studio?
How old do you have to be to be a classic rock singer?
What are the different rock and roll symbols?
When is the best time to play rock mix music at a birthday party event?
What band should I listen to if I like Rush and Yes?
What is your favorite Metalcore band?
Is Nirvana overrated? Would they still be popular if Kurt Cobain had lived?
Who are the best 70s rock bands?
Why did Dave Matthews band start playing songs from Matthews' 2003 solo album "Some Devil" on tour?
Why are English rock groups historically the best in the world?
Which are some bands/songs similar to "Wild Women" by Michael Learns to Rock?
Which are the best rock songs of the 21st century?
Does every rock song have screaming?
Do you know of any black female lead rock singers?
How can I get my hair curly as a guy?
Was blues a popular thing back in the day? Or was it just like rock is today, for a “restricted” public only?
Is Matt Bellamy losing his vocal range?
How popular is rock/metal music in Denmark?
Have you ever started a band?
What is the best rock romantic song?
What is your favorite Dream Theater album?
Is there a natural tension or disconnect between the vocalist and the instrumentalists in live performance bands?
How do rock musicians write music?
What was the Lehigh Valley Punk Rock scene like in the 1990s?
What are some of the best Australian bands (excluding the obvious AC/DC and Midnight Oil)?
What does the Chinese government have against rock and roll?
Has anyone attended a ‘Poets of the Fall' concert? How was it?
What are the best music theory resources for learning about percussion - particularly rock/blues/country/jazz drumming?
What are some good nu metal/rap rock songs that would make a good AMV?
What rock/metal bands don't do drugs or have tattoos?
Who are the members of the band Gorillaz?
When talking about rock's great guitarists, why does nobody mention Robert Frip?
What is the story behind the song "Without you I'm nothing" by Placebo and David Bowie?
Why is Russia spending millions for a complex for "acrobatic rock and roll" given the economic plight?
What writers have had huge impacts on rock and metal?
What's the best place to live in New York with my band if we want to gig as much as possible? We play rock.
Why is pop so popular? I remember when rock was popular.
Do we think that Kurt Cobain being the sole "composer" for Nirvana for the larger part of the band's career held it back?
In your opinion, what were the top 10 bands that changed the world?
What was 80s and 90s rock like?
What are the main reasons why so many aging rock musicians stay so slender?
Is Creedence Clearwater Revival a good band?
What is your review of One More Light (Linkin Park album)?
If Freddie Mercury of the rock band Queen was still alive today, in 2017, what would he be doing now?
When Keith Moon said he never practiced, does that mean he never played unless on stage or recording a song?
What's the best rock songs out there?
I want to get into Allman Brothers Band. What albums should I start with and why?
What ​is the true meaning of the song "Battle Symphony" by Linkin Park?
Why are there not any bands even close to Pink Floyd, Alan Parsons Project, Queen, Led Zeppelin, Judas Priest, Deep Purple, etc. in these days?
Why do people like George Harrison more than Ringo Starr?
Why does Sir Michael Rocks say '6' in his songs?
Does the British Council add .5 bands in addition to actual bands?
What are some examples of clever and powerful use of swear words in rock and metal songs?
Who is the rightful King of Rock 'n' Roll, Elvis Presley, Chuck Berry or someone else?
Who are the best hard rock singers under 25 years old in 2017?
What is the size of the biggest stick of rock ever created?
What are top Hollywood bands worth listening to?
Do you know some bands who are similar to Nirvana or Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Is the transformation of Harry Styles for real, considering his new album and his take on rock and roll music with so much intensity?
Who are the three top singers in the history of rock and roll music?
Are there any good 2017 rap metal bands similar to Rage Against The Machine, Prophets of Rage and Papa Roach?
What are some rock songs that are instantly likable and kinda catchy?
Brian Setzer's first solo album ("Live Nude Guitars") is impossible to find. Why?
How much were drugs really a factor in the inspiration of 20th century rock music?
What bands resemble Burzum the most?
What are some examples of modern folk rock?
What is a rock’s mass?
How does Alex Lifeson incorporate blues playing and styles into progressive rock?
What are some famous rock bands from Kerala and other Indian states, similar to Avial, Thaikudam Bridge, etc.?
How is swamp rock music produced?
Do musical artists record the entire song, or just each part once and then loop repeated parts?
Who is more controversial, Marilyn Manson, or the Sex Pistols?
What are some examples of mezzos and altos in rock/metal?
What pop/rock songs are the best to play along with on a cajon?
Who are the best punk bands of all time?
What good stoner bands can you recommend?
How do I start a rock band and what should I do?
In the milieu Ed Sheeran operates in, would people make fun of him if he started drinking a lot of milk?
How popular are the great Japanese garage rock bands such as Guitar Wolf and Teengenerate in Japan?
How was the band, AC/DC, formed?
According to the ancient alien theory, is there any rock/pop singer/band that has been endorsed by aliens?
Did Thomas Aquinas prefer the Stooges or the MC5, and why?
What are some good pop/rock guitar songs/riffs (similar to RHCP)?
What is “the rock”?
What do you think about Linkin Park's new singles "Heavy" and "Battle Symphony”? Are they "true" LPs?
If the rock genre (ex. The Raconteurs, Queen, The Beatles) was introduced to the European Medieval society, what would occur?
What are the 5 best punk bands of all time?
What pickup combination should I get if I want dreamy/cosmic sounds like David Gilmour, but also early Tame Impala guitar sound?
What is the best city in the world to start a rock band? And what is the best city to start a rock band in the United States?
Can you suggest some good alternative rock songs?
What are examples of great classic rock bands?
What should rock band auditions be like?
Has Hiromi Uehara heard the album "Close To the Edge" by Yes?
Where do rock DJs learn? With the differing tempos even within songs, the usual beatmatching is out. Where can I learn to DJ alternative, rock, and metal nights?
Have you ever been in a band?
Are all members of this current Canadian alternative rock band "Default" ready to return and reform for their next studio album recording?
Is Raditude the worst album in the history of pop?
No matter how much I listen to Pink Floyd, I still find them a grooveless, self-indulgent set of art-school wankers. What is wrong with me?
What does Rock and Roll mean to you?
Is there a good band that has faster riffs and solos than Dragonforce?
How can I create rock music using software?
What are some tear-jerking indie/alternative rock songs?
Why does 80's pop/rock music sound alike?
What are the best solo albums by 70's progressive rock artists?
What instruments should a successful band have?
What are the Russian musicians that I could listen to under the rock or electronic genres and their subcategories?
Are some of the best rock musicians unsung studio musicians who labor for salary, and without credit?
What do rock stars do after a concert?
Can rock and metal music come back and be widely listened to?
Is Donald Trump inspired by the song “ Mother” by Pink Floyd?
How does Pink Floyd make their organ go from fast to slow so smoothly?
What are some good hard rock/metal bands?
What is post-progressive music and how is it different to classic progressive?
Do you know the band Creature Feature?
What are your 10 favourite Rock/Metal instrumentals?
I want to start listening to classic rock music, so what songs should I begin with? In other words, do you have any song recommendations?
Did Led Zeppelin under use John Bonham?
What band should I listen to right now?
Why does One Direction have more listeners than Black Sabbath, Judas Priest, Motorhead, Iron Maiden, Venom, etc.?
Did rock n’ roll start in Latin America?
How can I get people into rock music?
For a fan of Paul Simon's Graceland, what are some good South African guitar albums to listen to?
Is the Zapp band on Quora?
How does it feel to dress punk rock?
What are some reverb-ambient alternative rock songs?
What can I offer to my geeky, punck rock music lover boyfriend for his 19th birthday?
What inspired The Strokes' song "Modern Girls & Old Fashion Men"?
Did any of the School of Rock kids end up in the music industry?
Who is your favourite modern rock/heavy metal guitar player?
Why are there so many Italian Progressive rock bands?
What are the most recognized independent rock labels in America?
Why do I love some prog rock, like Pink Floyd, Jethro Tull, ELO, and the Decemberists, but really don't like some prog rock, like Yes, ELP, and Rush?
What Queen songs do not have any Brian May guitar solos?
What is the meaning of the song 'Coming back to Life' by Pink Floyd?
What would grunge rock look like if Andrew Wood was still alive?
Is Tool the most profound band of all time?
Is classic rock dead?
What are some of the best alternative and hard rock songs from the past 5 years?
Were the Cream reunions formed to give Ginger Baker some income?
It used to be "Sex, drugs and rock'n'roll". What is the motto today?
What is progressive rock?
Is it worth to buy Rock Band's DLCs?
How would you finance an rock opera?
Who was the "drum director" in Rolling Stones?
Were there any psychedelic or progressive rock bands in The Azores during the 60's-70s?
Have you ever listened Buddhist rock music in India?
What is a heavy psychedelic rock track with tribal drums?
Which rock star had the best scream?
What happened to the rock band 'Royal Blood'? They came out with one album a couple years ago and then disappeared.
What songs should I play for my rock concert?
Why are most rock bands atheistic?
What is the point of forming a pop/rock band when you can replace/borrow live instrument players, sing solo and write your own music?
Why English bands are better than American bands?
Why does Stockholm have so many rocks?
Do most professional bands record with metronome?
Why don't I like rock music?
Why English songs are always of rap, DJ,rock type music unlike our classical music?
Which rock group has the largest music ensemble during live performances?
What is the best music album of all time produce by Virgin Record?
What are some affordable/good in-ear monitor earbud brands for a rock band vocalist on stage?
Why isn't Japanese rock more popular in the west when they are arguably better musicians?
What is the average income a musician in a rock band?
How was the experience of watching Pink Floyd live?
Why are bands like The Germs considered influential in the American punk scene?
How and when did other music genres surpass the punk and grunge genre?
Why do the grammys overlook rock and metal genre?
Was Stevie Ray Vaughan ever respected among those who respected Hendrix, Clapton, and Jeff Beck?
What album’s production style is similar to U2's "The Unforgettable Fire"?
What are some rock songs?
Why are the classic old school rock and metal bands deemed technically better than the new generation bands by the critics?
What is your favorite progressive metal album?
Is there any rock band similar to Mr. Big these days?
In the future, will 70 year-old hip-hop and rap artists be performing on PBS and celebrated like Led Zeppelin and other rock stars today?
When will the alternative rock band Nirvana ever reform?
Who is the greatest rock star of all time?
How do I contact Mr. Jagger (or another member of the Rolling Stones)?
What are some good story telling songs in metal/rock?
What are the main themes and sensibilities in classic Rock music?
Were there any psychedelic rock bands in Greenland during the 60's?
Why do people often hate rock music and call it demonic, while most songs are about empowerment and righteous anger?
What is glam rock?
What are the names of some of your favorite Chinese rock bands?
Who sang Little By Little by Oasis?
What is sampling in rock music?
What's the best rock/metal band from your country?
What are some remarkable artists/bands wearing mask or unique make-up in rock and metal?
Is it true that Imagine Dragons is one of the biggest bands in the world?
What's your favourite led Zeppelin song and what makes it so special?
Who wrote the song Rock and Roll Christmas performed by George Thurougood and the Destroyers?
What are the best dirty rock and roll bands like 70′s Aerosmith and GNR?
Do rock bands that promote social justice share writing credits equally?
If you could perform with one band, which would it be?
What's the purpose of a rock?
What are some of the melodious rock songs?
What are your thoughts on the band Area 11?
I play bass guitar and the guitarists I meet always want to play the blues. Why do guitarists like to play the blues instead of classic rock?
Is Black Sabbath a new band?
What are your 10 all-time favorite alternative/indie rock songs?
What are the best Rolling Stones Songs to dance to?
What are the most romantic progressive rock songs/bands for you?
Is it possible to make professional-sounding rock music using Soundtrap?
Who is the best modern hard rock band/artist?
What are the best progressive country bands?
Does the rock band Seether ever play at small venues or a concert by themselves?
Are you fond of soft rock?
What was that alt rock song from '90-93 that was shot in b&w, had the band playing stage and often had shots from the POV of the guitar pedal?
What are some of the successful metal bands that are influenced by Motörhead?
Does Elton John generally having had short hair mean he is not a rock 'n roll rebel?
Do rock stars only decide to "get back to their roots" after they've made a lot of money?
What is the best guitar to use if one wants to play Led Zeppelin's Stairway to Heaven?
How would JS Bach react if you played him Stairway to Heaven?
Who is the richest rock star?
Does anyone on Quora remember German Punk Rock band But Alive?
What's your favorite dark, depressing pop punk, punk rock, or emo song?
Does Berlin have any hard rock bands?
What is the story of the rock opera American Idiot?
Is Punk Rock related to Heavy Metal?
Which is better, EDM or classic rock?
Does Amsterdam have hard rock bands?
Who had the best rock n roll voice of the 60s?
Why do some people stereotype heavy metal, rock, and alternative as satanic music?
What is the real rock and roll spirit?
As of 2016, what is U2's legacy as a band? Are they in the top 25 of all time?
What do you think of the band name The Internees Of Hate?
Why are people obsessed with sex drugs and rock and roll?
Are there any online resources to study the history of Rock Music?
Is the band Rush retired?
What is hair rock?
Who is the greatest rock-n-roll group of all time, and why?
Why is Linkin Park an alternative rock band?
What are some classic rock and roll dives of the South Bay?
Why do people like TwentyOne Pilots?
What is the Indie Rock song where the video is set in a bright green-lighted dark room with a man tied to a chair and two agents standing behind him?
Why are Pakistani rock bands underrated?
What was the last great decade for rock?
What is considered to be the worst Beatles song? What is their worst album?
Is there a story behind Karma Police of Radiohead?
What are the best songs by Jimi Hendrix that have come out posthumously?
Who are the best or most popular prog rock bands in the world right now?
What was your experience like as a rock band groupie?
What general assumptions do you make about a person based on their favorite Pink Floyd album?
What are your thoughts on writing English lyrics when English is not your native language?
What are some good young rock bands like the living end?
What is the link between heavy rock and classical music?
What goes through your mind when you listen to your favorite contemporary rock music?
How popular were Sleep in the 90s?
Where do I start with Ryan Adams' deep catalog?
Where are Cricklewood Green and Itchycoo Park?
Which is better, Imagine Dragons or Coldplay?
Were labels that managed Pink Floyd ever trying to meddle in their artistic choices, especially in the later stages of their career?
Was the punk-rock look less socially accepted than other rebellious modes of rock music fashion?
What should I know about nudity-filled Dandy Warhols shows referenced in the Wikipedia section in the details?
What are some good German rock artists?
What are the pros and cons of recording a whole rock/pop band in a single performance, as opposed to tracking each instrument one at a time?
How do Xe-Blackwater-Academi folks feel about mercenary participation at Standing Rock?
Who was the rock drumming legend John Bonham’s idols?
What does "anti myth rhythm rock Shocker" mean?
Does Zak Starkey, Ringo's son, although a good drummer, feel fulfilled being less famous than his father?
What is the rock song used in a Levi's jeans YouTube ad with the lyrics "roll with it in either 2014 or 2015?
Who is the best rock drummer ever?
Are there any modern singers with an edgy rock voice like Zack Dela Rocha, Tim Commerford, Dave Grohl, all ACDC singers etc?
How common is vocal pitch correction (known popularly as Auto-Tune) rock/pop songs in 2017? Why has it reached this level of popularity?
What is so special about Pink Floyd? I love a lot of contemporary bands but do not feel connected to them.
Who had the biggest influence on rock and roll?
I like David Bowie, Pink Floyd, ELO, Roxy Music, Dire Straits etc. What other bands do you think I might like?
What does Zapressa think of the punk rock look?
Are there any good Punk Rock bands besides the mainstream bands?
What do you think of this original composition with great guitar?
Did Kraftwerk's "Vom Himmel hoch" influence Pink Floyd's "On The Run"; Kraftwerk's song being three years earlier than Dark Side of the Moon?
How come people make fun about Keith Richards being alive?
Are The Tubes considered progressive rock?
What are some lesser known but great classic rock songs or bands?
How is the Rock/Metal scene in Delhi?
Are there any new rock bands like heavy foo fighter songs?
What does the song Fjara by Solstafir talk about? What is the symbolism?
Are there solo bassist albums by rock/metal bassists?
What are some bands that sound similar to Monster Truck?
Does London have any hard rock bands?
What is the best band of 2016?
What are some great new rock bands I don't know about?
How do rock stars live so long with all the drink, drugs and smoking?
What is the best live version of To Lay Me Down?
What is the best song by Lantlôs?
What is the story of the Rock Opera "The Dear Hunter"?
Are there similar alternatives to Hard Rock Cafe?
What do you think of the band TTNG?
Will there ever be 1980s kind of rock music again or am I missing something?
What is Tobias Forge like?
I Like to remix songs what two songs would go good together?
What is the most played song on 'classic rock' radio in the US?
Why is Iggy Pop not considered a sex offender, even though he slept with Sable Starr when she was 13?
Which are some of the best motivational rock songs?
What are some good up and coming hard rock bands?
Was progressive rock created to make rock be respected as artistic music in the same way as classical and jazz?
What is your favorite musical band from the 70s and 80s?
What is the best song by Deafheaven?
What are good rock songs that have been featured in movies?
Is it possible to make rock?
Why do parents hate rock music?
Who are the top 25 rock drummers?
Who is the guitarist playing in the background in most of Trini Lopez's videos from 1964-1964?
What county does Kid Rock live in?
How is pop music compared to progressive rock music?
What are some melodious progressive rock songs?
How do I support my favorite band?
What are some underrated albums from well-known rock bands?
What do you think of the album Origin Of Symmetry by Muse?
What are your opinions on the following rock bands listed here?
What are some basic guitar skills I should know in order to write metal/rock music?
If Guns n Roses had released Use Your Illusion as one album instead of as a double album - would it be considered even more of a rock classic today?
What is the most epic long rock song ever?
Who was considered to be the best drummer in the early days of rock n' roll?
Does Paris have hard rock bands?
What are some famous rock bands from Massachusetts? How did they form?
What was the most popular Foo Fighters' song back in the 1997/98?
What are some of the rock bands that are close to Pink Floyd's style?
Is T.Rex and Marc mainly for female fans?
Do you think Fade to Black (Metallica) and Stairway to Heaven (Led Zeppelin) display very different music?
Who are some top rock/hard rock drummers (exclude: thrash metallers) with smooth rolling power?
What are the lyrics for Havana 3am-Reach the rock?
What are some of the best rock songs of 2016 with the best guitar lead?
What are some good rock songs from Bangladeshi bands?
What are some Alternative rock bands like Blue October?
What is the best live version of Chinatown Shuffle?
What is the best way to get an audition for a rock band in Mumbai?
What are the best prog rock albums for studying?
Which type of rock are the Ellora Caves made of?
Do you think any music bands or singers from this era will stand the test of time the way The Rolling Stones/ The Beatles etc have? If not, why?
If I have the “Solo Rocker” Rock & Roll Hall of Fame membership can I get more than one ticket on the presale to the ceremony of introduction?
Can there ever be another Led Zeppelin?
How are pop/rock/rap groups structured, as a legal/business matter? Are they formed as corporations or what?
What are some metal bands are really impacted by Pink Floyd?
Why is Pink Floyd almost a religion but not a religion?
What are great song covers performed by Radiohead?
Grateful Dead (band): What is the best live version of Sugaree?
Did the Grateful Dead ever perform a bad rendition of Fire on the Mountain?
Rocker rocker mechanosm?
Why have I never heard of "Diamonds in the Rough" by Avenged Sevenfold?
Which are the some of the best Indian bands - English or Hindi - that perform old movie songs and rock songs, etc.?
What is the best song from the Pink Floyd album Meddle excluding Echoes?
Is classic rock good for the brain?
Was heavy metal created to promote Satanism?
Why does Queen (band) deserve to be known?
How do I start a rock band?
What are other psychedelic rock bands similar to pink Floyd?
Which is better, the Rolling Stones or the Beatles, and why?
Are there any emerging hard rock bands for 2017?
Why does Mick allow Trump to use Rolling Stones music?
Vektor band has dissolved! How are you feeling about this?
What are some tips for quickly and effectively EQing instruments to sit properly together in a mix for a rock/pop song?
When mixing a rock band with a fair bit of overdubbing, which instruments are best placed in a centre and which should be out to the left and right?
Who played what instrument on Pink Floyd's Animals, especially the acoustic intro to Dogs and the fierce rhythm chops on Sheep?
Are there any good hard rock bands that don't sing about religion, the devil, death and other dark themes ?
What is a simple definition of progressive rock music?
As a person who likes 80s and 90s rock. What do you think about today's music?
What are the influence of weathering and discontinuities on the behaviour of rock masses?
Why did Bernie Sanders quit the Barenaked Ladies?
What are some 80's Rock anthems in you opinion?
What are the different interpretations of the song 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin?
Can I dominate the rap jack if I have something new to say?
What other bands are like old Smashing Pumpkins?
What are some rock star biographies?
Is rock becoming unfamous all around the world?
How can I improve the hardness of a metal?
What are some examples of 60's rock bands?
What are all the different Pink Floyd Tribute bands?
How do you tell your guitar student that their old guitar is nearly unplayable?
Are there any indie rock bands with real musicians who push the craft of their instrument and musicianship forward?
What are some good blues/rock songs for a five piece band to cover?
What sorts of people used to like Springsteen in the 1970's and 1980's?
Why is rock music from the 1960s and 70s still so popular?
How should I prepare for my rock concert?
Do you prefer Syd Barrett-era Pink Floyd or the music that followed his split?
Which sites or magazines do you recommend for a rock fan?
What are some examples of rock music?
What was the first hit rock song and who sang it?
Are there any international pop or rock artists that proudly abstain from tattoos, drugs, alcohol and smoking?
Are there any hard rock bands set to break out in 2017?
What are some guitar songs that have a two notes or a two frets only solo?
I am a big fan of pink Floyd. What are some other bands which produced great psychedelic rock songs?
Where can I find a band like Meshuggah that is pleasant to listen to?
Why is Rock and Roll music vanishing?
In rock music, is the flute used as an extended vocal technique?
I sing for a rising alternative rock band in Atlanta. What can I say/do to make a show as good as possible while making the transitions feel natural?
Which is the best band of Tripura?
What are some classic rock chord progressions?
When does music become classic rock?
What are some of your favorite Iron Maiden solos, and why do you like them?
What are the best rock operas for kids?
What do you think about Rocksmith?
What are your top 10 God songs in rock and metal?
Why did Marilyn Manson and Trent Reznor stop being friends?
What is the greatest rock album of this decade (2010-now)?
When - and where - is Black Sabbath's absolute final concert?
I want to start a rock band.Can you suggest me some crazy names?
Can you tell me what is the meaning of these lines?
Why isn't Heavy Metal a legitimate scene in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Is Led Zeppelin the greatest "cover," band of all time? I saw recently, a great number of their songs were already recorded.?
Are there any rock/metal bands in Manipal?
What is the best live version of They Love Each Other?
What rock band from the 60s made a song with a hook of "that girl is a real crowd pleaser”?
Are there any nuns in rock bands?
Where would Pink Floyd be without Rick Wright?
If kids would listen to less pop and more classic rock would they be more intelligent?
Was music artist Prince ever inducted into the Rock&Roll Hall of Fame?
How many rock bands have achieved perfect albums?
Do you believe that if guitar players such as Jimi were at their peak today that they would be rock guitar players or would they play popular genres?
Why can rock music calm me down when I want to kill annoying people?
Is there any slow song rock song by motorhead?
What are some good songs from famous pop and rock bands?
Is there any bands that have the spirit of Motorhead?
What is some advice for creating a Rock Opera?
What is the difference between bed rock and country rock?
Can music have a more "corporate" sound, or a less corporate sound?
How do you make a song more rock-ish?
Where is the rock band Evanescence?
Why is guitar and bass tapping used pretty rarely compared to other techniques?
How did African-American Rock n' Roll intersect with the Cold War during the 50s and 60s?
Who are some top heavy metal/hard rock drummers (exclude: thrash metallers) with fast footwork?
Can I grab a beer with Dave Grohl?
What are some rare facts about The Rolling Stones?
Classic Rock Music: Is there any info on a band called "Puzzle"?
Who is the alt/rock band that had an alt/rock music video in the 2000's where the band leader (dark hair) was shirtless in the desert with a snake?
What are other bands like Creedence Clearwater Revival?
Is rock and metal dying in the US?
Why does the band Black Veil Brides get so much hate?
Are there any emerging hard rock bands that are under the radar?
In the phrase "Sex, Drugs and Rock and Roll", are they already in order of duration?
Will the band Rage Against the Machine ever make another album?
Are there any more retro classic rock bands like Airbourne?
What are the main lyrical themes of Stoner Metal\Stoner Rock \ Sludge?
How can I find out my vocal range and develop my voice for singing?
What are your top 10 songs of 2016?
What do you think is the best order to listen to the albums of Pink Floyd as a starter?
Is the sound any good if you sit at the rock concert and are at the back of the hall or do you get muffled sound or echo?
What was the last year of Rock Music being popular or mainstream?
Why was the Zeppelin not successful for Air voyage?
Listening to mostly soft rock, jazz, and vocals, which would you choose? A Dynaudio Focus 160 or a Sonus Faber Venere 1.5?
Why is there so much Led Zeppelin hate on Urban Dictionary?
What made Guns N Roses so popular?
How hard is it to become famous in the metal/punk/alternative scene?
Is having lots of grammys but no commercial success more important at the end or is the other way around?
What does Rock God mean?
Why is Led Zeppelin's Tea For One explicit?
What do girls think of a person who has either a metal/hard rock ringtone, or a very aggressive sounding ringtone, on his/her phone?
What's the rock song that has a black telescope fish in the tv, the singer of the group has dreadlocks, and the band is playing in some kind of sewer?
In "Tired" by Stone Sour lines refer to "the one" who is now aware and "the Mad Chameleon" who is not welcome anymore. Who or what are those entities?
What are some good nu metal bands like Linkin Park?
What is the meaning of Bad Religion’s song "individual" song in the understanding of its creator?
Do bands who constantly tour, like Sabaton, get bored with playing same concerts over and over again?
Can you make money working as tattoo artist and musician in a rock band at the same time?
What are the characteristics of a good rock band?
What are some of your favorite rock/metal songs with a sound effect?
What type of rock can I play on my electric guitar?
Are the Sioux at Standing Rock Ogalala or Hunkpapa or a mixture of all the 7 tribes?
What do US Americans mean by "rocking a … ?"
Who are the top 5 male rock vocalists by octave range?
Could you recommend me new bands to listen to?
Why do so many rock and metal bands use programmed drums? What are the pros and cons of this approach?
Why did Kurt Cobain think of Rolling Stone as a "corporate" rock magazine?
Why aren't there any good rock bands anymore?
What do you think is the strangest or most unusual instrument used on a rock song?
I am looking for a Western Rock music band in Jaipur. I am a singer and wish to join. Can you tell me if there are such interested bands in Jaipur?
What makes Link Wray's "Rumble" sound so special to you?
What brony musicians make rock and roll brony music and metal music?
Which would be the best electric guitar for rock and metal under Rs.50,000 (700 USD)?
Where can I find a Chinese lyricist for a song contest that I'm entering?
What is it like being the lead singer in a rock band?
Are there any good new emerging rock artists/bands?
How did Western swing influence rock and roll?
Why doesn’t Disney include rock music in any of its entertainment products?
Which is the best Pink Floyd tribute band?
Why did Trump stop playing guitar with Bruce Springsteen?
Is a leader required in a rock band?
Can you tell me some German hard rock bands?
How would Green Day be received by the people in the 50s who didn't condone Rock and Roll?
Why is 'Queen' considered the greatest rock band of all time?
What are your top 10 hard rock or heavy metal songs for working out?
What do you think about Linkin Park's new single "Heavy"?
How was that day when you came to know about Kurt Cobain's death?
Is it true Neil Peart from Rush has 2 PhD's?
What is the best space rock band/album in your opinion?
What are some famous songs that were written under the influence of drugs?
What are some live performances of bands or artists scheduled to be held in Australia during March or April 2017?
Can some one suggest some stoner slow rock songs?
Had Brian Jones sobered up and remained with the band, what direction artistically speaking do you think the Rolling Stones would have taken?
What is there to know about The La's and Lee Mavers?
Can you give the names of some French hard rock bands?
Are rock bands getting smaller?
Has Tina Turner been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Is Uriah Heep the most underrated rock band ever?
Which rock bands or solo rock stars are noted for being outstanding and shrewd money managers of their royalties?
What was the reputation, as humans, of a past/present musician you loved when they were famous or during their active years?
Why hasn't the J. Geils Band been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Could there ever be another rock star?
Can volcanic rock be deposited in a manner that would make it look like sedimentery rock?
What's your best tips for singing rock as a female?
What are the best bands with sick riffs in their songs?
How good is Green Day now?
How have trends in record mixing and production for rock albums changed from the 1960s and 1970s to the present day?
What's Tegan and Sara's best album?
What are some of the best classic rock guitars?
What are the chords of The Bartender song by a band named Fiddlecraft? It's an upcoming band, so there’s not much information available on the internet.
Can you recommend albums/tracks similar to Pink Floyd "Marooned" or "Cluster One" from bands other than Pink Floyd?
Are there any more bands similar to Bring Me The Horizon?
Do you like the band Ikimono-gakari?
Why did Dave Grohl go from playing drums (Nirvana) to playing guitar (Foo Fighters) when he is rated to be among the greatest drummers of all time?
What is your opinion of Bob Seger?
What are some good Russian rock bands, particularly from the Soviet era?
Why did old school rock n roll and heavy metal die out?
I need rock music in minor keys. What songs would you recommend me?
What are some of the differences between rock n' roll and boogie woogie piano playing?
Who were more popular in the United States, The Rolling Stones or The Beatles?
Is it possible to establish a rock and roll culture in India that has not been born yet?
What are the best earphones under Rs-2000 for Rock/Metal music?
Can you recommend me some good 70's disco bands/artists?
Why does the King's X 'Dogman' album kick so much ass?
What’s stoping Linkin Park to perform in India which is having a great fanbase?
Who are the 5 most “talented” rock groups ever?
Can someone name few bars/cafes that play classic rock, post rock, in CP Delhi?
What Black Sabbath album should I start with?
Is classic rock a genre or an era?
What genre do you think the song "Sweet Tea" would be?
In The Beatles' "Two of Us," who is speaking during the song's intro, and what's the significance?
What are the greatest melodies of the last 100 years?
Is it a sin to listen to rock music?
What is the most underrated Beatles album and why?
What's a new band like Radiohead?
What upcoming albums do you currently have hyped up?
Are there any other bands like BTS?
If you could have been an extra member of any rock band you choose, at any point in time, which band would it be and when?
What are the main differences between rock and soil?
How do I EQ my band?
How can I start making heavy rock/doom music?
What photo of a rock or pop artist(s) do you find compelling or poignant or even sad and why?
Who is 'pink' in Pink Floyd?
The Indian rock band Euphoria was formed by Dr. Palash Sen. However, not much is known about his other band mates. What do you know about them?
I overheard my son listening to rock and roll, so I took away his phone. Did I make the right choice?
What was the largest paying rock concert ever?
What are some reasons people might not be a fan of the Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Rolling Stones or even Elvis Presley?
Will there ever be a band as big as the Beatles?
Why isn't Pink Floyd so popular like Led Zeppelin?
Is there any other bands that sound like Pink Floyd or the Norway band Airbag?
Are the Rolling Stones considered to be a superior group to the Beatles?
What are some young bands like The living end especially songs such as Carry me home, Hold up, Make the Call, Into the red and Prisoner of society?
What are some good rock bands that you never hear about?
Why are there so many bands from the UK? (Particularly famous, classic ones)
What could be a classic rock surname to Mooli?
How would you explain the 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin?
Will Bon Jovi be remembered as one of the best rock and roll bands of all time?
I want to read music as a guitarist. Where do I even start?
What are some good modern pop/rock songs from Vietnam?
What does Christopher Smith think about Pink Floyd?
What defines Gothic Rock and how do I get into it?
Why do some people hate rock and roll?
Why do Scottish audiences at rock concerts clap their hands high over their heads, then point at the band?
Which are the best live rock performances that I can watch on YouTube?
What is the meaning/origin of the name "Felonius" in Midnight Cruiser?
What's the best way to discover other bands similiar to Red Jumpsuit Apparatus?
Any jazz songs suitable for a standard rock band to play?
What song includes the lyrics "Honey, honey, come and dance with me"? What are the rest of the lyrics?
What is your favourite Jim Morrison vocal performance of all-time?
Is Jeff Lynne respected by British rock royalty?
What are all the genres of metal/rock and how do you tell them apart?
Is modern, popular, hard rock & metal music still being produced by new bands?
How did you put together the circuit of alternative rock?
What is the most effective way to belt high notes in a Rock / Metal style?
Which is the best Hindi college rock band?
What is your progressive rock playlist totaling one hour or less?
What is your song about?
What did The Beatles think of punk rock?
What are some songs similar to 'Over And Under' by Egypt Central?
What is the relationship between progressive rock and improvisation?
What is the meaning of Mixing in Rock/Metal music?
Where can I find some cool 80s and 90s rock mixes to play in a party?
What are some songs that make crowds jump when performed live?
Below 3000 INR, Which earphones are better than Sennheiser cx 275s?
How many times was Bharat band?
What are the origins of psychedelic rock?
What are the the visual influences of Country on Rock 'n' roll?
What's one rock song set to 3/4 time?
What’s the name of the Gorillaz song with a lot of bass in the intro?
What are some stoner rock/metal albums recorded with the Big Muff pedal?
What do you think of Dan Auerbach's solo album 'Keep it Hid'?
How would you market a rock band?
What pop-punk bands sound the best live?
Which are the best Indian rock bands that every music lover must follow?
Who are Trump's long-time classic favorite music bands or performers (e.g. Beatles, Pink Floyd, Abba, etc.)?
Did Creedence Clearwater influence The Band, or vice versa, or neither?
What would music sound like if you put together an orchestra of 100 heavy metal guitarists?
Are there any bands in heavy music today as big/important as Black Sabbath were in the 70s, Metallica in the 80s, Pantera in the 90s?
What is the abrasion value of aggregates from sedimentary rocks?
What are some good French progressive rock bands?
Why is indie folk/rock a favorite amongst movie directors?
How prominent is Truckfighters in the stoner rock scene?
What do you think is the best rock 'n' roll/pop album of the 20th century? Why?
What is the instrumental part of a rock song called (before the final chorus?)
How do rock bands decide how much each person is paid?
What are the best Garbage (band) records?
What are some essential progressive metal albums?
Which Pakistani band is your favorite?
Which intro to a song is better than the song itself?
If you could get a free ticket to go to the best concert of your life, who would be the band/singer you choose?
Who are the best singers known for soft metal rock songs between the 60s to 90s?
Which movies have really good rock soundtracks?
Do rap concerts usually have opening acts and a headliner like rock concerts?
Why don’t today's teenagers like artists such as Bob Dylan?
How much do a music group's fans inspire and influence the group?
What is the greatest coming of age rock song of all time?
Are there any Led Zeppelin like bands?
If a few of the songs I've written sound a lot like Nirvana, should I care?
Why do people like rap\rock?
How many people per year become possessed by Satan after listening to Led Zeppelin?
Why is there a gap left in the artwork of the song 'Middle' by DJ Snake, featuring Bipolar Sunshine?
Is there any British band which has many unromantic songs (such as Pink Floyd)?
What should I wear to a led Zeppelin tribute concert?
Are there any spin classes that play rock music?
Why did so many rock and roll stars use lyrics with Satan so often?
If I wanted to write a story revolving around music, especially rock and glam metal, taking place in 80s, what are some good and useful resources?
What are some good websites or apps for discovering independent/unsigned artists? I like rock, punk, rap metal etc.
Does Rock music manipulates your mind and stimulates your body?
Could an hour long progressive rock song work? Does a good one already exist?
What are some good "Battle of the Bands" songs?
How can bands like Journey be considered a band when they keep replacing members?
What are some of the underated songs of underrated rock bands?
Why is western music - rock, blues, metal so popular in North East Indai?
What band do you think of when you think of the 90s?
How many of The Beatles' contemporaries defied racial segregated concert arrangements in 1964?
What are some of the most popular Slovak rock bands?
What's the best way to buy Radiohead tickets for their October shows in Mexico City?
How hard would it be for someone to become a guitar player that is extremely well known?
What bands produce songs like "To Find You" and "Up" from Sing Street?
Did rock and roll fall out of favor because of the hair Bands of the '80s?
Do rock stars work hard?
Will rock ever be as popular as it once was?
How does the famous guitarist Slash from Guns N Roses treat his fans?
In Japan, guitar feedback is called howling. What are some other interesting music or band terms or idioms?
What are some of the best songs by The Tragically Hip?
What are some other nice contemporary folk rock songs from the time of Denver, Croce and Lennon?
What is the meaning of Black Sabbath's song title, N.I.B.?
What is your opinion of the new Ghost song, Square Hammer?
Which is the best Wi-Fi broadband?
Why is Johnny Marr regarded as a "Guitar God"?
Who are some new rock or metal bands that are on par with bands like Led Zeppelin, Tool, Jane's addiction and Slipknot?
Is rock music overrated?
What are some memorable rock songs that have great backing vocals or choir?
Which guitar institute is best in India to learn rock music (grade)?
What other bands might a DEVO fan like?
What are the best think pieces written about math rock?
Is Gary Moore on the cover of still got the blues?
Is "The Paisley Pipers" a good name for a band that plays all types of rock and orchestra music?
What are the best stoner rock bands?
Does Mangalore have English rock music culture?
What is a young rock band that plays fast aggressive songs?
How does Rock Hard X work?
How do I go about getting permission to use a classic rock song in my film (AC/DC' Highway to Hell)?
The Raconteurs are never coming back. Can someone suggest bands with a similar sound?
Do you agree that Freddie Mercury was the best vocalist of all-time?
What is your review of Kaleo (Icelandic Rock Band)?
What are some good bands that make similar music to This Town needs Guns and Colour?
What title of the song was it where in the music video a guitarist is being thrown rocks?
Do you think that within the next few years rock music will make a big comeback?
How do people relate to rap\rock?
Which rock song from the 90's contains the words "bang bang boomerang" (more or less) in the chorus?
In the future, will kids have favorite bands?
What are some postrock albums that are uplifting?
I'm into Styx and The Beatles. What is a way to open up my library to new alternative/rock/pop music?
What is the best live version of "Heroes" by David Bowie?
What's a unique and classic name for a classic rock band?
Is there a directory of French-speaking books about the history of rock music?
If I'm looking to get into modern rock, what bands or albums should I explore?
Are there any Chinese psychedelic rock bands?
Does Rock music cause sexual arousal?
What are the greatest rock bands or albums in the past 25 years? Musicianship or the most influential.
Do you know X Japan rock band?
Which one is your favourite alternative rock band right now?
If I started an Anti-Government Horror Punk Rock band, do you think anyone will listen to it?
Is the Jackson Kelly 32 any good for metal/ hard rock music?
Will Steve Perry ever sing for Journey again?
Did Eastern elders listen to rock music like in the West?
Are there any good young rock bands that have powerful riffs and choruses in their songs?
Which band or artist had arguably the best Coachella performance ever?
Why is that people who like techno music does not like progressive rock music in general?
Will punk rock make a come back?
Which is the most powerful hard rock song?
Is it true that Florida has no rocks?
Why is the hate towards nu metal huge back in the late 1990s and early 2000s?
Are there any biographical films about Chuck Berry?
What is the best melodic slow rock song?
Will Rock and Roll get another revival like Oasis delivered in the mid 90’s?
Was the Beatles' early music exceptionally good music?
How did Slash from Guns n Roses almost die?
What are some great war themed not so old songs?
Why do people prefer popular music over classical/contemporary music?
I want to start listening to electronic music, I really hated it and loved rock/metal, what do you recommend?
Where can I find sheet music?
What are some historical bands that you would recommend?
What is complimentary direction of rock cutting?
What are some bands that you recognize as highly talented but never want to listen to?
What are some popular rock songs with the snare hit on the "+" of beat 2?
Out of any of the current music artists or groups today, who do you predict will be remembered?
Which albums show the most awful artwork, but contain wonderful music?
What are some catchy modern rock songs?
How can I sing high notes without squeezing?
What would it take for rock music to make a come back?
How popular is Billy Talent?
Can non Rock 'n’ Roll artists get inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
What happened to the guy that stage dived off the balcony when Bolt Thrower played at Selinas, Coogee, NSW?
What are some good songs about conformity?
Which guitars are best suited for R&B and Rock?
How do I get a tube amp unavailable in India sourced from abroad?
Why most of the famous singers from India are Bengalis?
Are some people in denial about how low they can actually sing?
In the song 'Socha Hai' from the movie Rock On, what voice does the pianist play on his synthesizer?
What were the great rock/blues/soul/pop songs for video games?
What are some sound alike rock songs you know?
What are some of your favorite rap or rock ballads?
What are some great power/speed metal bands from the 80's?
Why did Pink Floyd receive only one Grammy?
What was the music video from 1996 that had a guy chasing a girl on a roof top? It was a rock song
What are the most underrated songs by Franz Ferdinand (the band)?
Can you list all Grammy's for best Rock Performances?
What are Porcupine Tree concerts like?
Is there any university in England where I can study Progressive Rock composition?
How much do bands like Linkin Park get paid to perform at events like Blizzcon or other events?
Which company offers license for streaming english songs (mostly rock) in India?
What did the the U.S.S. Providence have that legendary blues-rock band Led Zeppelin also had?
What are some young rock bands similar to heavier Foo Fighter songs?
Does the song “Estranged” by Guns N’ Roses resonate with INFJs?
I am into the history of Rock & Roll. If I were to travel to Chicago, Detroit and Cleveland, what sites would you recommend seeing?
What are some popular bands today that have a soft rock genre?
Why do the other members of Metallica seem to hate Jason Newstedd?
How do you write string/horn parts for your standard rock/pop song?
Why do rock musicians use multiple amps in large spaces instead of just miking one good amp?
Are there any postrock bands from India?
Is the band 'Saint Asonia' coming out with a new album soon?
Why do I like rock but hate metal?
Have you ever actually sold your soul to the Devil? What happened?
Why do people not listen to rock classics nowadays (Sweet Child O' Mine, Back in Black, November Rain, etc)?
When did Mötley Crüe become classic rock?
What is a list of songs for Veteran's day that are not classic rock or country?
Why is Linkin Park not touring in India?
What is the meaning of "to rock the boat "?
Who are the best contemporary rock drummers?
Can you tell me some bands similar to death grips?
Is it possible to change the genre of a song, i.e. 'Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star' to rock or classical?
What is the difference between pop, rock, hip hop, dance-pop, country, R&B music?
Are there any bands very similar to classic era Pink Floyd?
Why were Pink Floyd's concerts better than Led Zeppelin's?
What is Chester Bennington's vocal fach?
Why are some rock music fans so pretentious?
Are there people in India who listen to bands like Manchester orchestra?
Why did Fawad Khan make his transition from rock music to TV serial?
Is there another "evil music genre" outside of rock music?
What are some bands like Muse or the Beatles?
What songs include the lyrics "there was a firefight"?
Do you enjoy alternative rock music and if so, why?
Was Daniel Johns (from Silverchair) influenced by Craig Wedren (from Shudder to Think)?
Why is rock music greater than EDM?
Are there any good bands similar to Machine head other than Pantera and Exhorder?
Did The Who ever play "Success Story" live?
Where and how can I learn to write Urdu songs for acoustic songs mostly influenced by folk rock and country like John Mayer?
Why is rock/metal music considered to be anti-religious by some people, since you can't associate the two things together?
Are there any good international artists and bands available under Rs. 5 lacs for a college fest?
Why is Steve Miller so critical of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
What rock song has a guy that screams "Changes!"?
What are the names of other bands that are similar to Porcupine Tree?
What rock band switched to country music?
Is there another version of Styx' Lady?
Why do some James Brown songs have so much in common with certain aspects of Led Zeppelin's music?
What do pop, rock and soul mean in music ?
What are the best podcasts about rock and pop music?
How many Mangaloreans like and enjoy Rock music?
Why can so many people write rock/pop music but not classical style orchestral music?
Is Florida Georgia Line a good band?
When was the last time a hard rock song was in the pop charts?
Did classical musicians, such as Mozart or Beethoven, ever play rock, jazz or pop style music?
What are some song lyrics to live by?
What is a good space rock chord progression?
What are some songs with slap bass that don't utilize open strings?
What was the first band you heard and how old where you? Do you still listen to that band?
Why does Tom Petty's "Wildflowers" album sound so good from an audio perspective?
What are some good young hard rock artist similar to bands like Rage Against The Machine, Wakrat, Foo Fighters, Downset, ACDC and Xombie etc?
What are some good new young rock bands in their 20s or teenagers? My favorite 5 bands are RATM, Foo Fighters, Wakrat, ACDC and The Living End?
Is Pink Floyd's Another Brick in the Wall Pt. 2 a good song to describe Donald Trump?
What is the procedure to register a rock band in India?
What are some good emerging hard rock bands?
Have LED-stage lights made live music performances easier on the aritsts than the old school lights that put out lots of heat?
What are some bands like A Skylit Drive?
Can you describe rock music from an outsiders perspective?
What are your thoughts on Joe Corré plan to burn £5m punk memorabilia to signify that "Punk is Dead"?
What are the best rock songs to perform on stage?
What are some bands like AFI? How would you compare them?
What bands are similar to Reel Big Fish?
What are some of the best slow old rock songs?
In the Billy Idol's song Rebel Yell, did "she" cry more or cry for more?
Which rock stars have you met and which were surprisingly nice or nasty? What was your encounter like?
What are some underrated and/or underappreciated bands who regularly performed in the Bay Area during the 1960's and 1970's?
What is your favorite psychedelic rock band?
What is the method to prepare for Trinity rock and pop guitar grade?
Are there any good young bands like Rage Against the machine?
Why does no one play music like classic rock anymore?
What are your best classic rock concert experiences?
Why do you like the rap\rock genres?
Is "The Irridescents" a good name for band that plays all types of rock like: psychedelic, folk, blues, art rock, hard rock, pop rock, etc?
When did the Rolling Stones really get their sound together?
How frequently do famous rock bands practice together (when they are not touring)?
If Brian Johnson had to quit AC/DC because he was going deaf, why didn't he just invest in earplugs?
Are there any good horror punk rock bands?
In a famous rock band, is it difficult to play perfectly live every time?
What are some bands that sound similar to the Fine Young Cannibals?
Would you agree that the bridge part in Nirvana's "Rape Me" is weak?
Do you know what the message of the Misfits is?
What is Base band?
How do System of a Down fans feel about Turks?
What are the best rock/metal music bars in Melbourne?
Which is your favorite Roger Waters song?
Is it exciting to be in a top band, such as the Rolling Stones?
Which is the one song that doesn't match your taste but still you love to listen to?
Which Led Zeppelin pieces are instrumentals?
What are some of the underrated rock albums?
What are some good folk metal bands that don't use that much growl?
Why are Nirvana and Pearl Jam considered the same music genre, if their music is significantly different?
How do you prove songs still got its class?
For rock bands of the 1960s, 1970s, 1980s, what instrument accounts for the most deaths by drug overdose?
What are some of the good contemporary Indian Rock bands, like Thaikkudum Bridge?
How many concerts has Pink Floyd done? (counting after Bob Close left until the last one in Live 8)
What do pro-Israel fans of Pink Floyd think of the pro-BDS views of Roger Waters? Does it change their interest in Pink Floyd's music and members?
What opinion do people in their teens and early-20s have towards 80s hard rock and metal?
What language is the song Hoi Kiw from Rock On 2 in and what does it mean?
Are the Democrats the party of Hippie Values?
There are harmful rhythms?
Which of the two, Pune and Hyderabad, has better rock/metal music scene?
What is the name of the song by Pink Floyd that appears in Dr Strange?
What are some good young unknown rock bands like Rage Against the Machine, Wakrat and Foo Fighters?
Is there anyone from India who listens to Wilco, the band?
Did the band Living Colour appropriate white culture by playing hard rock and become Deplorables?
Are there some bloggers intersted in being interviewed on their rock music preferences?
Were there any popular rock bands in the Soviet Union?
Will Roger Waters come to Greece again?
Music: What is your opinion of the drum work of Dave Grohl of Nirvana?
Who would be in the ultimate rock band? It would be the best singer, the best guitarist, the best drummer, and the best bassist of all time.
What are the background lyrics in Pink Floyd's song “Another Brick in The Wall”?
What are the best sad song creating bands?
What's the best way to promote a rock and roll band in Melbourne?
What are the best rock venues in Sacramento, California?
How did people react to Pink Floyd when they released their first album in 1965?
What is the most amazing stunt you have seen a band member perform at a rock and roll concert?
Why do people like Metal/Hard rock so much?
What's your favorite song from Camp Rock?
Why did U2 suppose that a city with nameless streets would be a desirable place to live?
Who was the best Andalusian rock band?
What are a few places in gurgaon where good dedicated rock music is played?
If Jesus was alive would he like heavy metal music or folk music?
What is the most underrated rock band of the 1970s?
Do venues invite bands, or do bands reach out to venues for gigs?
I'm a Pink Floyd, Franz Ferdinand and a Genesis fan. What other band/singers do you think I might appreciate?
Will India be part of the Guns N' Roses GnFnR reunion tour in 2017?
Is Jonny Greenwood instrumentalist or can he only play piano and guitar?
Is it okay for a 14 year old girl to listen to Pink Floyd?
How is rock music more meaningful than most mainstream pop music?
Which plates collided to form the Himalayas? Why was this rock formation so important?
Are video games the new Rock and Roll? If not, what is?
How long has one talked about "hooks" in music?
I like Oasis, Nirvana, MCR, Green Day, Blur, Foo Fighters, BMTH, The Cure and Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds. What other music might I like?
Who thinks that Syd Barrett was hot?
Is Pink Floyd still famous in America?
What is best flavour of sour punk?
How many semi-trailers for a typical modern arena rock concert?
Are there any rock n' roll songs with minor scale?
Why haven’t Indian Rock Bands still made a big impact like the Western Rock Bands?
Are the Beatles more popular in the United States than in the United Kingdom?
What are the US musical blogs to follow to discover local trending bands/artists?
What's the difference between Rock, Classic Rock, Hard Rock, Punk, Metal, and Heavy Metal?
Why do the songs "All Summer Long" and "Werewolves of London" Sound exactly the same at some parts? Did one copy the other?
What are some contemporary rock/ballad songs?
What made progressive rock so innovative in the UK especially?
How do I become a successful rock/metal guitar player?
Is London Calling as good as your favorite Beatles album?
How can you tell a rock n' roll fan from someone who is just pretending in order to appear "hipster"?
I want to introduce my girlfriend to rock music. What approach should I use? Which songs/band should I make her listen initially?
In the video for Pink Floyd’s High Hopes, who’s bust is dragged along the vista at the end?
Can U2 have another huge hit?
Pop music from 35 years ago mostly fell into other genres as pop evolved. What genre would todays pop music fall into in 35 years?
How would you describe the music scene in Hong Kong?
What was it like to be auditioned by and/or work for Frank Zappa?
What are Fleetwood Mac's best songs?
What's your favorite Foo Fighters song?
Is Bono able to play the guitar now?
As a punk rock musician, in what city should I live to find the most work? In other words, what city has the most thriving rock scene?
Why and how did hair metal die out?
How old are The Rolling Stones?
Excluding Led Zeppelin’s "Stairway To Heaven” , are there another examples of intentional or unintentional backmasking in music?
Will Slash and Duff remain with Guns N' Roses after the “Not In This Lifetime...” Tour that begun in 2016?
How to play the piano/synthesizer/keyboard background in Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Why has Latin American production of rock music slowed down so much?
If you want to start a rock band with a female lead singer, and had to choose Ann Wilson or Stevie Nicks, who would you pick?
What was it like to see Black Sabbath live?
How old is Ozzy Osbourne?
What would you name a rock or pop band if you had a band?
Music: What is your opinion of the drum work of Chad Smith of Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Why didn't commercial radio in the US play edgy rock bands in the 1980s?
Can listening to rocking and sad songs simultaneously develop bipolar disorder?
Which classic rock band has aged most embarrassingly?
What current ('90's to '10's) rock bands will be remembered in the future?
What was your favorite rock concert?
Will there be another Leonard Cohen concert before it’s too late?
What two guns n roses songs are these?
Are any international rock/metal bands playing in India in 2016-17?
What are some greatest songs by Pink Floyd, Imagine Dragons, 3 doors down and some other bands you know?
Could you say progressive rock is the gifted child of pop music?
I need to update my playlist any suggestions for rock songs?
What are the top 15 rock or blues songs an aspiring bassist should get to know and then learn to play?
How do pink points work?
What songs by Pink Floyd were written by Syd Barrett? And what songs are by David Gilmour?
Which songs played by The Funk Brothers should I listen to, in order to acquire a full appreciation of the band?
Was Sufi Rock music invented in India?
Would Rock N Roll music be boring without drugs?
What rock bands are made up of British musicians, but were formed in the United States?
What car is in the beginning of the Rollin video by Linkin Park?
Why did Hard Rock Cafe close in Chennai?
What are some current non-English language bands American music fans should check out?
Are there any great, obscure rock albums?
What does it indicate if i listen to metal/rock and pop?
How do I update latest rock song?
Why do people love Guns N Roses?
Do you think today's (2010-2020) rock music is very much underrated?
Which are the best bands in Delhi these days?
I usually listen to classical or blues but want to branch out; what are some good current rock bands to try?
Where could I locate this new music?
Is it true that rock and roll will ruin our ears?
What are the best deathcore/screamo bands? Why are they considered the best?
Why are the British and American charts dominated by Rap, R n B what happened to Rock?
Which US cities have historically had notable music scenes?
Why Indian rock bands don't do more publicity of their music?
What's the original "heavy" rock and roll album?
What are the best spots in Delhi or Gurgaon to find some good rock music like Pink floyd and Queen?
Where can I go for local rock and roll gigs in Melbourne?
What are some great bands like lake street dive?
Does chorusy music like pop and rock make it more difficult to reflect and think deeply?
How did Melissa Reese join Guns N' Roses in 2016?
What is the difference between symphonic rock and symphonic metal?
How do rock guitarists manage to play their music despite moving a lot on stage?
Were Liszt and Paganini considered "rock stars" of their day?
What type of rock is this?
What are some good websites about rock and pop music?
What songs do you recommend that are a must have in my Playlist?
I have a budget of about $150 to $200. What's a great starter kit for recording music?
What is the best britanic rock album ever?
What's the appeal of Pink Floyd?
Did Guns and Roses use autotune at their 2016 concerts?
Music: What is your opinion of David Gilmour's guitar work in Pink Floyd?
Which rock song talks about Mickey, who goes to WWII like his father and grandfather who went to WWI?
Music: What do you think of the drum work of Keith Moon, of the Who?
The song by the Moody Blues, Nights in White Satin: Is the poetry at the end of this song bad poetry?
Did Pink Floyd use auto tune at live 8?
How can I meet Pink Floyd in person?
Music: What is your opinion of Jimmy Page's guitar work in Led Zeppelin?
Why is rock music not more popular with gay men?
What do the millionaire Marxist members of Rage Against the Machine do with their money?
Why is metal/rock music fading?
When a rock band performs onstage, to what degree are they trying to entertain each other as well as the audience?
Some members of a band (rock band or boyband) generally dominate the other, and are highlighted more. What do the rest of the members feel about it?
How would you define rock music?
What are the reasons behind best music bands of the world not performing so often in India?
Where is Josh Homme in the pantheon of rock music?
What are some old rock songs like Dream on, bohemian rhapsody or Hotel California?
Which rock song epitomizes America today and why?
Why is listening to modern pop or country songs considered a bad taste in music by many people, especially those who listen to rock/metal?
What is the list of songs that used to be in an album set called "The modern rock album"? It was apparently only available in India.
What are some progressive rock songs that have really heavy atmosphere without using much distortion?
Music: If you were going to have either Eric Clapton, or David Gilmour, teach you Guitar, who would you choose?
What are some good rock songs for bboying?
What do you see a band called Major Kiss having as a logo?
What's your favourite version of the Van Morrison / Them song "Gloria"?
Is Elvis overrated?
Have you ever heard "Elephant Mountain," by the Youngbloods?
Can't remember 80s rock song with animated music video?
What are some songs that reference to computers or technology in a rock and roll style?
If metal elitists can hate on Avenged Sevenfold for "ruining" metal - then can I, as a blues fan, hate on Stevie Ray Vaughan for "ruining" blues?
Are there any classic rock albums that could not be digitally remastered?
Do Twisted Sister use pre-recorded background vocals?
What are best metal and rock bands?
What could Freddie Mercury possibly mean by "Mama, just killed a man.." in the lyrics of Bohemian Rhapsody?
Where is rollingstones.com (the rock band, not the magazine) headquartered?
Which are your favorite top ten classical rock songs?
What are your favorite song intros?
What are some songs like Butterflies and Hurricanes?
What's your favorite Pink Floyd song?
What are the greatest and awesome hats that musicians wear/wore?
Is Pink Floyd going to make another music album?
Are there interesting anecdotes about mental disturbed musicians like Syd Barrett, Brian Wilson, Peter Green, Phil Spector etc.?
What is so unique about the song "No Quarter" by Led Zeppelin?
How many songs should a musician be able to perform “flawlessly” live at “any time” to be considered "good" or "competent"?
Is Radiohead the modern-day equivalent to Pink Floyd?
Can you tell every time which Beatle is singing a Beatles song? How?
What are the correct lyrics of Heathens by 21 pilots?
What's the most overrated rock song of all time (even if you generally like the band)?
What is the best decade for rock music?
What do rock bands think of people taking pictures in the audience?
Who is the Roger Ebert of Rock criticism?
What kind of Rock Music do you love?
What is your favorite classic rock band?
What would be the best rock song if it was made into a film?
Why are there so few female rock artists?
What is your favorite song from The Beatles' Revolver?
What are the Top 20 rock artists off all time?
Who are some of the most intellectual rock stars in the business, both past and present?
Would an audio spectrum reaction go well with rock music?
Are metal and blues guitarists the best guitarists?
Why is Randy Rhoads honored but Zakk Wylde not? Was Randy that much better, or is politics involved?
Which rock/indie bands are generally thought to be most influenced by classical music?
I've only heard one song by Jackson Browne which I totally loved! 'Late for the sky'! Can anyone recommend me more Jackson Browne songs? Even albums?
What are some of the best Rock songs and alternative rock songs?
Why is the song, "Final Cut" by Pink Floyd so underrated?
What's the highest note sung in Queen's "Mother Love".?
Is Courtney Love a talented musician/performer?
What are some overrated thrash/heavy metal bands?
Who is the lead vocalist for "The girl who faded away - The hangmen"?
Where does Rob Bourdon of Linkin Park fare when compared to other drummers of his generation?
How many rock stars became legends just for dying too soon?
Did the in-house Motown band The Funk Brothers have a band logo, if yes what was it?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being a solo rock artist over being in a rock band as the lead singer?
Who are some musical artists that you do not like the most?
When will Agam release their next album?
What do you think about the new Metallica song "Hardwired"?
What's a good music forum?
Is Canadian alternative rock band Default going to disband officially, since they cannot return from their long hiatus?
Which school of ethics do metal elitists use to justify condemning Avenged Sevenfold more for plagiarism than Led Zeppelin?
Can I make a living out of producing metal or rock music in India?
Why did the band X never hit the big time?
Should I give up my dream of being a rock star?
How would it feel to think of all of humanity together, every single individual grouped together, as one giant rock 'n' roll band?
What is the definitive book on the Grateful Dead?
Why isn't Buddy Holly called the king of rock and roll as he was better in every area of music than Elvis was ?
Do you ever think that I was born in 1960's after listening to The Beatles, Queen and Pink Floyd?
Should I let my 14 year old go to a Drake concert?
Where do you buy Led Zeppelin US tour 1977 shirt in India from?
Music: There was a rock group that had 6 albums on the Billboard Chart, all at one time. Who was it?
I just bought a drum kit, but can't afford a teacher - please could you give me a list of things to learn to get me started?
Are there hip-hop artists who have bridged their genre to prog rock or experimental rock?
Where can I enjoy rock band live in Moscow?
Who knows great songs that are covered by rock bands?
Do you know Mick Jagger (or know someone who knows him) that you'd ask Mick to answer my Quora question, given in the details below?
Why are the rock bands uniting now? Do they think that rock music is fading out? Why did it take so long?
When did you go to your first rock & roll concert? Who did you see and where was it?
What does "2000 - 2018" at the end of Brand New concerts mean?
How did Bangalore become the Rock Capital of India?
Music: What do you think of the song stylings of Danny Brown of Molly Hatchet?
What type of music would you recommend to someone who is looking to discover new tastes in music(outside of RAP)?
When is the Radiohead album following In Rainbows coming out?
What are your favorite indie/alternative bands?
What was the first rock and roll song?
Why was Clive Burr removed from Iron Maiden after the hit album number of the beast?
Was Leo Fender a genius?
What's the most popular rock band in British?
What happened to Robert Plant's voice? Seems like an un-mentionable Led Zep question.
Why does AC/DC have some female fans?
“Seven Nation Army” is played at every sporting event now. Does the team have to pay a licensing fee to use music for the season? Is the artist paid?
What do classical musicians/scholars think of rock bands like the Beatles or Led Zeppelin?
Which albums helped create or have an influence on atmospheric black metal genre?
What are some songs by other artists similar to Led Zeppelin's Ten Years Gone?
Are there any benefits from listening to rock music?
What are all the physical things your body is doing when you are singing?
Out of all the songs in the genre of rock coming from the 60's to 80's, what is your favorite?
Can you name at least five popular rock male solo artists that have current hits?
Can you name few best mixed gender bands of all time?
Has Rap replaced Rock among the youth in 2010s?
I-IV-V is the traditional three chord progression in rock. How many replace IV with the III chord?
Why is Black Rock City (aka “Burning Man”) C-shaped?
What is the formation process of a pedestal rock?
Is there a movie related to the Eagles song "Hotel California" other than the 2008 and 2003 films?
Who was/is Billy Shears (Sgt Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band)?
Could you suggest me some indie rock/pop bands?
What are some similar albums to Radiohead's 'Ok Computer', by other Musicians/Bands?
What are the best "light" drum sticks to use for playing rock songs?
How did Jimmy Page get good at the guitar just by listening to rock music all the time?
How can I meet Pink Floyd when my dad was friends with Rick Wright?
Why do many Metallica fans dislike "The Thing That Should Not Be", from the Master of Puppets album?
What are the things that one should learn to be a metal guitarist?
What does Steven Wilson think about Radiohead?
Are there any similar songs to "SOAD-Radio/Video"? Especially the clean part.
What are some of the barriers or limitations that Christian Rock Musicians need to overcome, in order to achieve mainstream credibility?
What age did you first go to a concert by yourself?
Is rock music passé?
How big is the chance for one to become a rock singer after 30?
How can I start a musical career in America if I'm an alien/foreigner?
What is "laid between the lines" in the song I dig Rock and Roll Music by Peter Paul and Mary?
I am a musician and I've recently shot a video for my english rock song. I need a good release platform on youtube, would any channels do that?
What are some modern bands that carry on the classic rock sound?
How much of Meat Loaf's success can be attributed to Jim Steinman?
What is the best progressive rock live performance of all time?
What are some great rock songs with unsuspected feminist undertones, sung by a male singer?
Is there any relation between listening to rock music and software development?
Why is the song "Black Dog" one of the best known Led Zeppelin songs?
Which is the most underrated band in British history?
Where might I find the video for "Come on Up" by Julie Driscoll and Brian Auger?
What groups invented each genre of music?
I thought Led Zeppelin was a person and not a band. What are quick ways to prevent making embarrassing mistakes like that again?
Which songs did Led Zeppelin cover when playing live?
What is your review of Led Zeppelin Played Here (2014 movie)?
Do Hard Rock Cafe charge for entering?
What if the rock singer Exene Cervenka had been taller?
What is the relationship between metal music and rock music?
How much money did Led Zeppelin earn through royalties from “Stairway to Heaven”?
Which is better, Trinity rock & pop or Rock school for vocals exam?
What progressive rock songs or bands would you recommend for a newcomer to the genre?
How do rock and pop musicians get good technically? Do they continue to take lessons?
Why are there no bands as good as Pink Floyd today?
What are the best alternative rock albums from the last couple years?
How can I play a combination of classic rock and today's pop on apple music?
Can we tell if Randy California really believed Led Zeppelin stole his music?
In the late-90's, were Oasis the biggest band in the world? Are the any bands today who are currently as popular?
What are some of Eddie Jobson's most inspiring compositions?
What does "tangerine" refer to in the Led Zeppelin song of the same name?
How was Jimi Hendrix so damn good?
What is it like to be a rock musician in Japan?
Which are the most inspiring lines in progressive rock for you?
Is Dowoon a good drummer?
Steely Dan fans, what other music do you like?
What is the worst Pink Floyd album?
Why did Keith Emerson kill himself?
Which progressive rock songs have the best atmosphere for you?
Do we have any good rock bands in India that write english lyrics?
Can you suggest some rock/alt or punk songs from fairly popular bands about wanting to die or craving death?
What is your favorite non-electronic DJ mix?
What is the meaning of the 1950’s band The Swallows song title “Roll Roll Pretty Baby”?
What is your favourite rock song?
If Roger Water quits Pink Floyd for all of eternity, is it really still Pink Floyd?
How do I get information on a 70s country/rock band named Rif?
How do you make a thin voice raspy and powerful?
What's the smallest venue that you have seen a now famous rock band before they were that famous?
How is the band Danzig looked upon amongst the rock and roll demographic?
How would you compare these two American alternative rock bands: Fuel vs. Hoobastank?
Which of his songs epitomize David Bowie?
After listening to "Have a Cigar" by Pink Floyd, did people return stereos thinking their amp was blown?
How do I tilt my larynx?
How did ALI PROJECT choose its name?
What are christian rock bands?
Pop Music: What song would most people know the lyrics to if you walked into a bar in a city in the USA and started to sing it?
What U.S. city has the best rock n' roll scene?
What is Quora's top 50 albums?
How would you compare these four heavy metal bands: Godsmack vs. Papa Roach vs. P.O.D. vs. Linkin Park?
What are some good live folk/rock albums from the 60's and 70's?
Would Money For Nothing by Dire Straits be considered hard rock?
What are the best open mics for singers in NYC?
Why is it that very few teenagers are into rock?
What are some rock bands similar to The Doors?
Who are some famous guitarists having played the Gibson Flying V?
Does rock music cause depression?
Which single track would you like to have in your playlist throughout your life?
What are the best bengali rock songs?
How did the lives of Guns N’ Roses band members influence their music?
Can you recommend me some good music to listen to?
Will Van Halen ever get back all its members?
How did butt rock get its name?
How does Chester Bennington sound good no matter what? How can I do the same?
What is the meaning of the video in Metallica's version of "Whiskey in the Jar"?
Are there any books about rock stars?
Are there any classic rock radio stations accessible in Georgetown, Texas?
What is your absolute favourite 80s song?
What is the best concert you ever saw?
Where can I download all the albums of led zeppelin for free?
How would you compare these two alternative rock bands: Staind vs. Creed?
What are punk rock principles?
Why was the production of Van Halen 1 so much heavier than Judas Priest's Stained Class?
How and where do I find Christian music producers who are into soft rock, progressive house for contemporary worship music?
How do you answer people when they ask you, "What kind of music do you listen to?", when you listen to almost every kind of music?
Does the rapper "Roy Wood$" know that his stage name is very similar to the rock artist, Roy Wood?
What are the prettiest songs on Paul Simon's lesser-known albums?
What are some of the most influential Brazilian rock bands?
Whatever happened to RATM (Rage against the machine)?
How would you compare these two rock bands: Semisonic vs. Matchbox Twenty?
What are the worst rock bands ever?
What are some great underrated Hindi rock bands like Sifar?
How would you compare these two alternative rock bands: Our Lady Peace vs The Killers?
What are some current Christian punk bands?
Which bands sound like The Sisters of Mercy?
What are some rock/metal bands I need to see live before I die or they retire?
What does the very famous Brian Johnson do when he is not singing with the famous rock group AC/DC?
Is it fair to say the band Linkin Park has earned "classical status"?
What rock band (any genre) do you feel has almost zero bad songs?
I want sell some rock bands' posters. How do I go about with it?
Why do I like Ed Sheeran songs so much?
What songs have "Hello" in the title?
What are your thoughts on these lyrics? How does it make you feel?
Are Radiohead breaking up?
What are your favourite songs released after 2010?
Why doesn't Joe Satriani perform classic songs such as Rubina or the Crush of Love on his current tour?
What attracts you to your favorite genre of music?
Where can I go for the best underground rock in Los Angeles?
Why was the jury not permitted to hear "Taurus" by Spirit in the Led Zeppelin "Stairway to Heaven" copyright suit?
How would you compare these two Canadian alternative rock bands: Nickelback vs. Default?
Was Jefferson Airplane (1965) the first band to have a concept/entity name rather than a group of things name (Beatles, Stones, Beach Boys, etc.)?
What song is the epitome of rock music for you?
What do you think is John Deacon's best bass line?
What is the name of this Indian rock song, "shine your light on me come and set me free save me from myself, I used to be your angel?
Have any rock or metal bands ever played around with scalar tone clusters?
What is the definition of pop music and rock music?
What do you think is the best Led Zeppelin album?
Why is the band Muse so under appreciated?
What is the moral of the inchcape rock?
Are the Ramones possibly the greatest punk band ever?
Can famous rock musicians actually read music?
Is having a wide range in Music is a good thing or a bad thing?
How do you know if a song is rock or pop or hip-hop?
What is your favorite Cocteau Twins album?
Why is some violent impact, like running into each other in carnival bumper cars, or slam dancing at a punk rock show, pleasant?
If you could make any rock song your national anthem what would you pick?
If "Johnny B. Goode" was a real person, would he be a rock legend?
What are the best road trip music albums?
Why is David Bowie afraid of Americans?
What are some great Pakistani rock albums?
How did ‘Linkin Park’ become an important part in your life?
What are the differences between rock 'n' roll and rockabilly?
What is the most iconic Beatles song?
What are some good British folk rock instrumental songs?
What are some rocking metal/rock/unplugged live shows that you can chill with?
Taking the entire Pink Floyd story into mind (songs, verses, drama, story lines, etc), what is your top moment?
How do you interpret the song 'Late Goodbye' by Poets of the Fall?
Is Brian May a bit underrated?
What were the first 12 most impactful musical albums in your life? Consider teen and adult years only.
What are the special things about Rock On movie?
What ever happened to rock music?
What would be your top 5 favorite English songs from year 2000 to 2012? preferably early 2000 and any genre
How can I hear my voice in real time while recording vocals on my laptop?
Why are we unfamiliar with this Brodha V?
Regardless of Weiland's initial intentions for the song, how would "Sex Type Thing" be received if it was released in 2016?
Who let out the perfectly timed scream in the live recording of Supertramp song School before the intro ends?
How do I make a killer mixtape?
Is there any way to play Guitar Hero 1 and 2 on PC?
Which AC/DC songs can you actually DANCE to?
What should I do if I want to be in a band but can’t find band members?
What are some sad/melancholic blues/rock songs from the 1960’s and 70’s?
Is Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven" plagiarized from Spirit's "Taurus"? How should the court case be settled?
Who is your favorite Chinese rock singer or band and why?
Who are the other nineteen pilots in twenty one pilots?
How has post-hardcore, emo, pop punk, alternative rock evolved in the last 15 years?
Did the Canadian rock band Rush jump the shark? If so, when and why?
Which Rock Band is the most influential/important in the last 16 years?
Did the band Queen ever have an LP album featuring bare breasted young women on road bikes?
What are some great funky music inspired albums (like 2016's Gary Clark Jr one)?
Temple of the Dog: What is your analysis of the great song "Hunger Strike?"
Which is the best alternative rock band?
Why is there a lack of electronic instrumental rock music?
Has music, as an art-form, already been explored and seen its big cultural moments come to pass?
Who here is old enough to remember when Rock and Roll was first played on the radio?
Are rock bands a modern form of the concerto grosso?
How would it be to meet Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park?
What are the most hopeful songs in Progressive rock?
What are some bands like the gathering?
What do Australian rock fans think about the band the Birthday Party?
If Pink Floyd were a Greek band (with exactly same music including English lyrics) could they be as successful as they were?
How do I make someone understand that Beatles is a rock band?
What are the best tracks on "Day of the Dead," the National's five-hour tribute to the Grateful Dead?
Where can I listen best jazz, pop and even rock music in Melbourne?
Does each member of Pink Floyd own the copyright of every song they have made?
What are some good books about the history of rock music and bands?
How would you correct Rolling Stone's 100 Greatest Singers? How would you arrange it, who would you put on, and who would you take off?
Has Coldplay ever done a song about relationships?
How would you compare these two American rock bands: Lifehouse vs. The Calling?
Has Hip-Hop music commercially replaced rock music in the U.S?
What are some good hindi rock songs to do in a band comprising of a Guitarist, Drummer, Singer, Bassist?
How would you compare these two alternative rock bands: Nirvana vs. Daughtry?
Which version of the Lockheed U2 was used by Francis G. Powers in 1960. Was it the U2A, B or C?
Could anyone suggest me some Russian post-punk or prog music?
How is the strategy of hard rock cafe different from other competitors?
What Beatles album was the biggest artistic progression over the previous one?
What was the best year for rock and roll?
Which rock band is most likely to find popularity in 2016?
What is your review of the song "If it means A lot to you" by: A Day To Remember?
Which roch rock is used for charminar?
Is there a way to help deaf people enjoy music?
What are some rock songs with piano and no vocals?
Which are your best Guns 'n' roses sites?
Which was the most influential rock band of the 2000s?
What is so great about the Velvet Underground?
Is it surprising that the Rolling Stones continued to succeed after the death of Brian Jones?
Is there any tradition of "on the road, touring" songs in classical music like there is in rock 'n' roll?
What did rock bands such as Pearl Jam, RHCP, Nirvana, and the Offspring dress like in the 90's?
Do big rock and punk rock artists take their drugs on tour or have a doctor to prescribe methadone?
What are the top ten albums of the 80's?
Which Kiss album sold the most copies worldwide?
Compact Discs (CDs): What are the Top 6 CDs I should have in my car?
What does the song "Soldier of Fortune" mean?
Does Barack Obama like Pink Floyd?
Why are all the Led Zeppelin cover bands all-female?
Who are the top 10 most talented popular musicians of all time? In your opinion?
What is the best way to use keyboards in a rock band?
Why is Led Zeppelin's Stairway to Heaven so widely regarded as the best Rock song ever?
Why did Guns N’ Roses reunite?
Which band is better, The Rolling Stones or Queen and Why?
How the Rock & Roll scene died?
What is the best album by the Christian hard rock band RED?
How do I sell limited edition diaries/journals?
How often should drumsticks be replaced?
Why is Led Zeppelin being sued for Stairway to Heaven just now, as opposed to before?
Why does Led Zeppelin sound so different live?
Will Guns N' Roses come out with a new album now that the band is reuniting?
What changed in the American Christian Community to make Rock music more amenable to their theology?
Which was guns 'n roses first single release?
Who are the members of Radiohead?
Would Dave Grohl and Foo Fighters have made it without Nirvana?
Why do some people feel calm after listening to fast rock music?
What is a good rock song for an end of the school year talent show?
A rock ballad or classic rock sung by a guy. The chorus has 2 lines and "miss blue" are at the end of the second line. what is this song?
Did anyone ever come close to the greatness of might zep?
How do i ask for a roll off from my project?
What are the 10 essential Pink Floyd songs you would choose to introduce the band to someone who hasn't heard them?
Who was the first punk?
How can I get into a good international band?
Did Brian Johnson of AC/DC retire from the band?
What are the official lyrics to the Phoenix song, Lisztomania?
What are the most significant Kurt Cobain items that have been sold at auction?
Although some entertainers live their whole lives without doing anything to help anyone, the public makes them saints after they die. Why?
Can Linkin Park repeat their past success with Hybrid Theory and Meteora?
Who are some of the best vocal music teacher(s) in Dublin?
What are some cool drum beats I could learn?
Which is the best guitar learning place in Bangalore? I am interested in metal and rock.
Who is Akira Kajiyama? Is he famous in Japan?
What rock bands have the most talented musicians?
What are the differences between 'Rock' and 'Metal' music genres? (See description)
What are some bands that make music similar to Zero 7 and Glass Animals?
What inspired Stevie Nicks to write the Fleetwood Mac song "Silver Springs"? 
How was it possible for Roger Waters to fire Rick Wright, who was another founding member of Pink Floyd? Would he be protected from such a move?
In your opinion, what's the best Fleetwood Mac song? I'm going though a phase where I listen to one artist for days.
Is rock group monster truck a loud band?
Why does the warm up band always sound terrible at a rock concert?
Does Billy Corgan have a point in comparing social justice warriors to the KKK?
What is a b-side collection?
What does the name Creedence Clearwater Revival (CCR) actually mean?
What is the Black Keys' song El Camino about?
What was the original name of Creedence Clearwater Revival and why did the band change it?
What is your review of The Book of Souls (2015 album)?
What type of musical instrument should I buy acoustic guitar, electric guitar or bass guitar?
Are there any Japanaese rock bands like yura yura teikoku?
What do bands like Simple Plan and Linkin Park do after their "time is over"?
What are the best albums involving Steven Wilson?
Which are the seminal progressive rock bands of all time?
Is listening to a metal rock song cure depression?
What is Yes' best song?
When will the new Chevelle album come out?
What was it like to be in the audience at the Live Aid (1985) concert?
Which rockstar has rock n' roll parents?
What do you think about this Turkish rock band? They sound like whom?
What do you think Kid Rock is thinking about right now?
I've just found the "You Must Remember This" podcast about Hollywood history. Could you recommend a similar podcast about rock music history?
Should the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame be so honoured? Why aren't bands like Dire Straits in it?
What do you think of Rock music in China?
What's the meaning of the Steely Dan song "Dirty Work"?
Although Rush's music is more philosophical and complex compared to other bands, why aren't many people aware of them as opposed to bands like AC/DC?
Which is the best Roll over Beethoven cover?
What is the time signature of the Pink Floyd song "Breathe"?
Which rock star will future historians remember as iconic to the genre?
Why will there never be another band as big as Metallica?
Why did the American musical duo, Civil Wars, break up?
What is the most central spot in austin between Round Rock and south Austin based on driving time?
What is the Rolling Stones best concert?
What rock bands do kids listen to these days?
Why is there the stereotype that teenagers like rock music?
What is the meaning behind Fix You by Coldplay?
What are the songs similar to Demi Lovato's Confident?
Who played the guitar solo in the song 'This I love' by Guns N' Roses?
Will Axl Rose be a asset or be a problem child for  the rock  band AC/DC ?
What's the best thing to wear as a rock guitarist?
What is the first longtrack in progressive rock?
What song includes the lyrics "they were all in love with dying"? What do the lyrics mean?
What were the best songs of 2010?
What does Led Zeppelin's Stairway To Heaven actually mean?
Is AC/DC or Van Halen closer to heavy metal?
What is the history of the drum solo in rock music?
Why is Radiohead unpopular in India?
What are your top ten The Black Keys songs? (Your opinion needed)
What is the difference between skunk rock and skacore?
What is the origin of the "rock on" hand sign?
What is the origin of the KISS logo?
What new instrument can I spread in rock music?
Was Queen one of the first bands to perform in a football stadium?
What does the process of making a rock song look like?
Are there any good rock bands in Leicester?
How can I get more views on my cover song on YouTube?
If classic rock is so liked and timeless, why do so few bands play a similar style today?
What happened to Prince's guitar at the end of his solo at the Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame in 2012? He threw it upward and it never came down.
What do Pain of Salvation listeners think of Kristoffer Gildenlöw's album "The Rain"?
Have Eagles Of Death Metal become more popular after the attack at their concert in Paris?
Which is the best guitar learning place in Bangalore? I am interested in metal and rock.?
Which is best Indian rock band?
Which of Kurt Cobain's guitars have been sold at auction?
What are your favorite 10 seconds or so in the history of progressive rock?
What song about getting drunk or high starts off slow and slowly gets faster? It's a modern song in the rock/indie/alternative/folk rock genre.
What is post-punk?
Which rock stars are smoking?
Why do some musicians of rock/metal/hip-hop genres exhibit anti-cop sentiments?
Can anyone give me a name of new and unknown band which is great and good at rock music?
Which is your favorite Rock/Pop Band?
Are there any good websites analysing pop and rock songs?
What's song that sound like Keane's Somewhere Only we Know/Lifehouse's It is What It is/or anything?
Is EDM the new Rock n Roll?
Despite his great works in music, why isn't Jeff Lynne in the rock hall?
Which are collectively better musicians, Led Zeppelin or Rush?
What bands are good live but awful in the studio?
What is the best live version of the "Comfortably Numb" outro solo?
What are some really good English songs without rap?
What rock band is based in Anacortes?
Why haven't  there been any new classic rock songs?
Is punk rock still alive?
What is the meaning of the lyrics to Metallica's "Nothing Else Matters"?
I recently heard a band; it had clean female vocals and growling/shouting male vocals. It was more metal-based. Does anybody know any bands like this?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of using an amp over direct input into a PA, for guitar or bass in a live gigging situation in a rock band?
If you made a list and assigned a piece of music to each year 1900-1999, what would your list look like?
Why do I get the impression that Eric Clapton is quite unpopular in Britain?
Was "Working Man" really mistakable for Led Zeppelin when it was first played on the radio in the US?
What are the best songs about marching band?
Do rock stars see the people in their audience?
Which metal/rock song has a lyric like "I have a gun" or "I got a fucking gun"?
What do you think about the new Radiohead album, A Moon Shaped Pool?
Can people tell me some good rock bands like Nickelback or Breaking Benjamin?
I want to purchase a rock sign. Would you tell me how long it would last? Can you recommend me some best rock sign builders in the Cayman Islands?
What are some songs similar to Glory Box by Portishead?
What are the best prog bands of 2016?
Why do music genres like Psychedelic Rock & Progressive Rock not make it to the mainstream in today's world?
Is there any chance of Linkin Park performing in India?
How high would you rate John Squire as a guitarist?
What is the best mellotron song?
Who attended a Guns N Roses show in 1986, before they had a record deal and what were they like?
What are some indie rock recommended songs?
Is contemporary rock (blues-rock in my case) by white artists cultural appropriation considering rock music's roots?
In the future, will historians be able to encapsulate the history of rock music in one musician or band, and if so, which?
In what ways is rock music conservative?
John Lennon was certainly seen saying this amazing quote- but, In which documentary?
What is your favourite Guns N Roses song and why?
How much are local bands paid to play at SunFest?
What are some songs with self-aware, meta titles?
Do you think that the "new greatest rock band" could be non-english speaking?
Is Panic! At the disco a rock alternative band?
What is your favorite moment in progressive rock history (1-2 minutes or so)?
Where can you listen live indie rock in San Francisco?
Was there any musical genres that Generation X felt an aversion towards?
What is your favorite David Bowie song, and why?
What are some jobs that are crucial to the success of modern day hip hop and/or rock stars (in or behind the scenes)?
Is heavy metal/hard rock dying?
Which is a better band: Radiohead or Nirvana?
How much money do alternative rock bands like Paramore make from a gig?
What international bands have major following in India?
Would the history of rock music be the same if drugs didn't exist?
What is the difference between rnb and rock?
Why do certain phrases appear frequently in rock music?
What does "if you have ghosts, you have everything" mean?
How does the life expectancy of a a top-tier pop / rock musician compare with the general population average?
What were the best albums of 2010?
What are some famous schools and methods for learning electric guitar?
Why is Pink Floyd associated with psychedelics?
Which Irish bi-gendered pop rock quartet do you prefer: Cranberries or Corrs?
How is Steven Tyler, lead singer of Aerosmith, as a person?
Why do some people dislike Led Zeppelin?
Why do so many children's movies use classic rock songs?
Why does U2 keep showing up on my iPhone even though I constantly delete it?
What is this song? (Punk rock track)
Is there any truth to the statement that Robert Plant *was* a terrible singer?
What are the best (preferably cheap) ways to promote and distribute music (rock/indie)?
Why does Pink Floyd The Wall (movie) still relate to current days?
What would rock music be like without Prince's influence?
Who were better live led Zeppelin or pink floyd?
Which Music school is the best for learning metal/hard rock?
I'm learning about Prog Rock now, and want to know which Rush songs are the best?
I want to start listening to rock music, so what songs should I start with so that I develop a taste for it? Any suggestions?
What are some sad/depressive progressive rock songs?
What is the difference between metal, heavy metal, speed metal, and black metal?
Is there a rock and roll music scene in India?
Can someone help me find the artist/songname to this song? X
In the studio version of "Biko" by Peter Gabriel, what are the African songs at the beginning and the end. Where can I find said songs on their own?
What are the best places in San Francisco to watch a good alternative rock, jazz or blues concert?
Is Rock the widest genre of music?
What is the best Leonard Cohen song?
What is it like to experience U2 in concert?
Why did U2 get terrible?
When will Snow Patrol Release a New Album?
Can you name a band that is now, surprisingly, classified as classic rock?
What equipment and skills do I need to perform a track with loops/synths/FX live with a rock band?
What is your favorite song by AC/DC?
Do corporate partners have to pay Rock Health?
Does Music outside Bollywood has a good scope in India, [Rock] ?
What are some great covers of songs by Tom Waits?
Which one do classic, art musicians hate more or recognize as music? Pop, non-pop Rock and Metal Rock, or non-mainstream electronic music like Trance?
What are some of the best rock band logos?
What is good about Fiona Apple?
For those who've taken any music theory classes, is there any one quality that makes one song better than another?
My 12 year old daughters love classical and country music.  What songs from other genres should the know to broaden their horizons?
Did Pink Floyd write the lyrics for all of their songs or did they get help from others?
What are some good circus-style songs?
Are there any Pink Floyd songs that had sections sampled from other songs?
Why are the best rock bands British?
What less popular Pink Floyd albums are worth listening to?
What is a good work flow for running sound for 3 rock bands?
What do fans think of Pain of Salvation releasing Remedy Lane Revisited?
Who "started" Rock 'n' Roll?
Is Radiohead good live?
Will you attend Coachella's Desert Sun to see Dylan, McCartney, Rolling Stones, the Who, Roger Waters and Neil Young?
Was Led Zeppelin the Beatles of the 70's? What was it like being a youth coming up with them?
What are some metal or rock songs about historical events?
Has anyone appeared for Trinity Rock and Pop - vocals? Can anyone narrate the entire exam experience?
Which rock band has the best lineup ever?
What is stopping Led Zeppelin from touring?
What Smashing Pumpkins tracks did James Iha actually play on?
I want to be in a Christian rock band and I sing. How can I know if I'm good enough and how can I get in one? I'm 16 btw.
How is it that so many classic rock n roll legends died by killing themselves or overdosing or alcohol poisoning or just lost their careers to drugs?
What are some great rock hits of all time that come from your country of origin?
What are some of the best 90s alternative rock songs?
What are the easiest pop or rock songs to sing and play piano simultaneously?
Is there an "L.A. sound"? What is it?
What's so great about the Grateful Dead?
Which band shoot photo in bedroom then facing upward into mirror above the bed?
What are some of the influential punk rock, grunge, indie and alternative bands from Sacramento?
Did George Martin seem too elegant to have been a rock 'n' roll producer?
Do you like better Dire Straits or Mark Knopfler's solo career?
Rock Music: What are the main differences between U.S. American and British post-punk music?
What are some good ideas for punk style bedding?
Why is 'November Rain' the most watched oldie on YouTube?
How was the development of Chinese Rock and Roll (Yaogun) unique and different from its western counterpart? Can Yaogun be considered its own genre?
Which heavy metal album do you prefer: Linkin Park's "Hybrid Theory" or Papa Roach's "Getting Away With Murder" and for what reason do you feel that way?
Who are some well known people known to have attended Woodstock?
What is rock formation?
What is the best record label right now for rock bands?
What is your favorite progressive metal band?
Why do I hate any music without guitar and drums?
How long can The Rolling Stones beyond 2016 maintain their brilliant live performances?
What is the meaning of the song "Time" by Pink Floyd?
For weightlifting, can anyone recommend great energizing hard rock songs?
What are some good alternative rock songs for people who are single and want to be happy the way life is now?
Why can't a girl listen to Rock music?
Which is the best rock band of jharkhand?
Are there Metal festivals in Europe during Nov-Dec?
Do you know any good indie rock underground bands?
Stereotypes: Do Finnish people like pop music or do they like only metal and rock?
Classic Rock Music: Will we ever see a Led Zeppelin reunion? Why is Robert Plant so resistant?
What is your favorite progressive rock band?
What are some ways to improve your vocals? I like to sing blues, classic rock, and country.
Are notorious drug abusing rock stars above the law?
What was the name of the band that both Jaco Pastorius and Biréli Lagrène played in?
Is there something wrong with me because I like 'dark' things?
Which is the best Indian metal album you have heard?
What are similar pieces to Cave's "Red Right Hand" in terms of being enormously mysterious and having the mood of dread?
What are some bands that are similar to Disturbed?
I'm auditioning to play bass with an Alternative rock band. What are some good songs to audition with?
What Smashing Pumpkins tracks did D'Aarcy actually play on?
Question That Contains Assumptions: Why do Brits hate Coldplay?
Who were or are the best rock guitarists of all time?
What are some interesting facts about John Garcia of Kyuss?
What happend to Punk Rock?
Does any one know who's child in Linkin Park is in the end of Keys to The Kingdom?
What are the major criticisms against Coldplay's Chris Martin?
Why is 1997 such a pivotal year in Phish's history?
In the film Iron Eagle, the protagonist's performance improves when he is listening to rock music. Does something like this happen in real life?
Who does the Rock/metal song called "Halo", with a guitar solo in it?
Are there any Punk Rock singer out there willing to sing some lyrics for me?
Was David Bowie a big vocal influence on Axl Rose?
What are good record labels for Rock music in India and how do I approach them?
How was it like listening to Pink Floyd in 60's and 70's?
What major factors do musicians consider when deciding what cities/ venues to perform in?
What are some interesting facts about Black Sabbath?
I am looking for a music video that is rock music with band member running around a room with a couch?
What are the best progressive rock bands in activity?
What are some rock/metal music videos similar to Nightstalker - Children of the Sun?
What is the rock song with dead bodies carried in a cart and dumped in a pile in its music video?
I want to cover the song 'God Am' by Alice in Chains on drums. Does anyone have the drum tabs/sheet for it?
What are some metal or rock songs that make use of a gong, a bell, or chimes?
How do I differentiate between britpop and other sorts of rock music?
Who are the greatest scientist of history and were they rock stars in their time or quiet unknowns until significantly later in their life?
Who paid for the free Rolling Stones show in Cuba?
What is your favorite song by Plini, the prog metal/rock artist?
What are some soothing hind rock songs by Indian Ocean like Kandisa and Bandeh?
If you were a rock star destined to die at 27, how would you choose to go out?
What are some of the heaviest and/or most ominous songs that are not Metal or Rock?
What are the best covers of songs a rock band can play live in 2016?
What is your take on the official video of Pink Floyd's 'Marooned'?
Can someone please explain what Buddy Rich implies when he says - "If you don’t have ability, you wind up playing in a rock band” ?
What bands are similar to The Strokes?
Wich are the best rock pubs in pune?
How can you tilt larynx while inhaling the voice?
Which is better Queen or Led Zeppelin?
Is the rock music scene dying world wide?
Where can I get the song Me Ek Musafir Hoon Yahan which is played in Rock On movie by some band?
What are some good metal or rock concept albums?
What are the best rock bands of Assam or Bangladesh?
How was Gorillaz's videoclip for Rock the House animated?
What is the meaning and significance behind King Crimson's song "Moonchild"?
What modern rock bands from 2010s have similar sounds of 1990s alternative or indie rock?
Can we start a campaign to bring Steven Wilson to India?
What are the best rock songs Bollywood has produced?
Do rock stars ever focus on an audience member?
What makes a guitar better for jazz vs classic rock vs metal?
What are the top twenty rock songs in your playlist?
Are there stoner rock bands with a folky element in their songs?
From a production perspective, what gives music a psychedelic vibe?
Why are my rock icons dying so young?
Which engineering college in Mumbai has the best (rock) music scene?
In which university can I study rock/fusion music?
When will Pink Floyd The Wall come out on bluray?
Are there any colleges that have music programs for metal/punk?
What do you consider to be the essential attributes of progressive rock?
Can a rock band musician easily transform into jazz player? Or vice versa. Please include classical musicians.
Which is the best metal rock cover you've heard for hanuman chalisa?
What is the best FM 80s/classic rock radio station in the United States?
Why did Pink Floyd never come to India?
Is it still possible to make a decent living playing/singing rock music in this day and age?
What is your least favorite Twenty One Pilots song and why?
Which songs are similar to Europe's the Final Countdown or Survivor's Eyes of the Tiger?
What are similar bands to Tokio Hotel?
Why are there more famous musicians than painters?
Where can i find the best music classes (for rock/metal vocals) in New Delhi?
What is foo?
Which rock bands were directly influenced by Cream?
What is the point of Christian rock?
Where is the best place to find new rock music?
What was it like to hear Miles Davis open for the Grateful Dead in the 1970's?
Who is the greatest English rock band?
How do I install Apache Zeppelin on Mac?
What is your favourite cover version of Black Sabbath song?
What are some good progressive rock songs?
Are there any good Spanish language progressive rock bands?
Starting near Bell Rock, what is the best and most efficient way to hit Bell Rock, Cathedral Rock, and Airport Mesa within a day's time?
Why would you need half inch sheet rock?
What are some good Nepalese rock songs?
Which are the most underrated songs by Coldplay?
Which rappers were influenced by rock music?
Creative question: What does it mean to be a rock star?
What are some progressive rock songs with tribal drum beats in them?
What do you think of last night's Rock 'n' Roll invasion of Cuba by the Rolling Stones?
How can I be a rock star in india?
Did Bono of U2 indulge as heavily in drugs as other rockers are commonly alleged?
Is it fine if I have no specific favourite genre of music (I love edm, classical AND rock)?
Rock Music: Why did Nirvana have so many references to babies?
Why doesn't the Beatles' music show more influence of the ocean?
What should I do to start a rock-alternative band?
Who plays the entrance music used in Bernie Sanders Bronx rally (March 31, 2016)?
Could a rock/metal artist become famous/successful in this day and age?
What can I talk about on my radio show?
What are some of the most legendary songs in the history of rock music?
Which is the best electric guitar, Amplifier & distortion combination I can get for Rs.15000?
Why do old rock stars have such ravaged faces?
Was Freddie Mercury an exceptionally good piano player?
Who would the male version of Avril Lavigne be?
How can radio stations play the same 70's era rock songs over and over for the last 40+ years?
I like listening to soft psychedelic and progressive rock, indie pop & similars. What are the artistes/bands and songs I should definitely listen to?
What was it like to record Pink Floyd albums?
What is a good rock star font?
What are some interesting facts about The Black Crowes?
What are some good internet radio stations that play energetic rock music?
The Beatles (band): What is Love You To all about?
Can someone dress "emo" (or punk) and hate rock at the same time?
What makes heavy metal and rock music so popular amongst male teens?
How do yo make connections in the music industry if you are past 30?
Was Frank Zappa a member of Deep Purple?
Are there any christian bands that sound similar to the searchers?
What are some ways to add variation between some song rock ideas that currently have about the same tempo and sound like they could all flow together?
Will iconic rock music be forgotten after a few generations or will it have staying power?
Hong Kong: Did Beyond become a better band due to their exposure in Japan?
Rock Music: What are bands that are good in studio but awful when performing live?
Who would you pick as the best rock band of the last decade, 2005-2015?
Can anyone help me tag my music collection?
Pink Floyd fans: What do you feel when you listen to The Dark Side of The Moon with the current events taking place (worldwide)?
Why didn't Mike Harrison of Spooky Tooth ever become more famous given his excellent blues voice?
To what do you attribute the success of the rock 'n roll band The Rolling Stones?
Are there some stoner rock / doom songs that are written in odd time?
What are some good Japanese bands?
How popular is Russian rock band 'Splean' in other countries?
Who do you think is a classic rock expert? What  makes them an expert?
Are they any popular Japanese rock bands in China?
What are some good Prog Rock songs to get me into genre?
Would rock music have suffered if not for the Vietnam War?
When will the second age of rock begin?
What is your review of Chris Martin?
1990s Music: What is it that makes The Brian Jonestown Massacre so good?
What is Linkin Park's most emotional song?
How many bands were influenced by the Beatles?
Is "Dream On" by Aerosmith or Yngwie Malmsteen?
Why are Rolling Stone's songs are so famous musically speaking?
The Rolling Stones: What does "Flight 505" refer to?
How many rock bands were there in 1970?
What are some of the basses Geddy Lee (Rush) uses?
What are some 90s/early 2000s songs that are about parting ways or any other you suggest from reading the description? No pop songs or rap.
What genre are bands like Red Jumpsuit Apparatus?
How is it that 3-piece rock bands have such a huge sound?
Which are the best heavy rock songs to beat sadness?
Is it true that listening to punk rock reduce suicidal attempts?
How can one develop a dress style for a rock band?
How many bands are there in India?
Which rock band has written most number of insightful songs? Can you list the songs?
What are some serious Hindi fusion rock songs like Bandeh by Indian Ocean?
Can you explain the importance of the "British Invasion" and the impact it had in shaping rock n roll?
What are some good bands?
Why does a rock/metal drummer doesn't use an electric drum kit in live concerts?
What do people like about Liz Phair?
Who was more influential in popular and rock n roll music: The Beatles or Bob Dylan?
How would Bowie's career had turned out if Ken Scott had continued coproducing his albums after "pin ups"?
Why is Linkin Park headed for a split?
How many different lead singers has Pink Floyd had?
Were young 70's rock stars groomed by producers or others?
Why do restaurants play classic rock music?
What would the Foo Fighters sound like without a rhythm guitar?
What are some lesser known/ famous rock bands that should've been more famous?
What's your opinion about the band Pink Floyd?
Who is the best male vocalist in the metal/rock 'n' roll genres?
What inspired the Pink Floyd song "When The Tigers Broke Free"? How was it written?
Why does louder music - like rock or punk - make some people, like me, more relaxed?
What are the most popular rock bassists playing today?
How good are current Deep Purple live shows?
Daniel Ek: Will changes in music distribution  lead to the end of rock mega stars?
Why do I only listen to one artist's music?
What are some cool rock and roll signs?
How would you go about getting a non metal head to understand metal?
What are your favorite punk rock songs?
What are some rock bands with black singers?
What are the best and most popular rock songs that have significant songwriting or/and production flaws in them?
What is the essential Weather Report album?
Why is the rock music scene almost non-existent?
What are your favorite romantic rock songs?
What are the top rock albums that have aged poorly?
Why are there no good bands in India?
How come classic rock bands like the Rolling Stones seems to have lost the ability to write new hit songs?
What is Vic holding on Rust In Peace album picture and why?
What is the exact meaning of "Born to Lose, Live to Win" which usually goes for Lemmy from Motörhead?
Is punk rock a dumb genre?
Which rock band recorded the most albums?
What is the best nightlife in Rome?
Can two bands have the same name?
Is some hip hop technically rock/metal?
I'm new about pink floyd, can anyone explain about how is it and why they considered as one of the best?
Do anyone know good bands like Sabaton?
What are the top 5 countries that appreciate rock music?
Which progressive rock bands will play live gigs in the Netherlands in 2016?
Where does Red Hot Chili Peppers rank on the all time greatest rock bands list?
What are the most important things to master if I want to be a folk rock guitarist?
Why doesn't Poets of the Fall have as much fan base as other alternative rock bands?
Which stoner rock bands will play live gigs in the Netherlands in 2016?
Which heavy music rock song will you suggest for beating sadness caused by people making fun of you?
Is there any decent footage of the Waters Era Pink Floyd in concert excluding Pompeii?
Who is the funniest fictional rock star?
What is your opinion about high street bands?
What artists and bands are going to appear in HBO's upcoming Vinyl?
What will happen if you tie a singer's limbs up when he is singing?
Which prominent black artists are more rock than RNB or hip-hop?
Will there ever be a point at which you hear techno or punk rock playing in an OAP care home?
Is it time to retire the genre alternative rock?
What are some catchy alternative/rock songs that aren't very popular? I'm looking for sounds similar to Grouplove, the mowglis, mumford and sons.
If John Bonham had not died in 1980, would Led Zeppelin still be together?
Does Bangladesh have a better rock music and heavy metal industry than West Bengal?
What are characteristics of the bass guitar in rock music?
What are the best Rolling Stones songs of all time?
What are the main differences between an Ibanez RG Series and a Fender Stratocaster? 
Can someone give me some information about the early history of rock music in The Netherlands?
Where do I register my rock band?
What are the best USSR rock bands?
How does David Bowie rate in the pantheon of great Rock n Roll artists?
What does it actually take to 'make it' as a rock band  in the USA?
What was a Jimi Hendrix concert like?
What are the Led Zeppelin tattoos? What do they mean?
What advice would you give to being a great rock and roll vocalist?
What does the phrase "break my balls" mean? (in the song Mother by Pink Floyd)
How do I create a unique melody for an acoustic rock song?
What is the history of psychedelic rock band Hunger?
How Successful is Foo Fighters (band) compared to Nirvana? 
If your life was a film which album/song would you like as the soundtrack?
Has David Bowie retired?
Who is the best rock and roll drummer of all time?
Would it be fair to call The Strokes a power pop band?
Which genre is the band, The Offspring, considered to be?
How can I be a rock star in Sweden?
Who are the actors in Cats?
What exactly is the hype behind the band Van Der Graaf Generator?
What is the the theory of a lonely mind?
What is the best online site for alternative rock music?
What is the difference between rock and pop?
What are some of the memorable rivalries in rock and pop music?
Is it a coincidence that the Archduke Franz Ferdinand was named after an indie rock band?
Which heavy rock songs will you advice for getting up and working out?
I was looking at the rolling stones list of 500 greatest songs of all time. I would like to know what makes a good song?
What are the most iconic rock songs?
What is the most successful rock/metal band in your country? Are they a modern or old band?
What are some of the best live performances by a rock band, where the crowd sings along?
Which rock stars have been the greatest musicians?
How does rock music influence your feelings or personality?
Do you think rock or metal music in any form were it not for the discovery of the distorted guitar tone?
What album did Frank Zappa consider his best?
If the Eagles went on tour again who could sing like Glenn Frey?
What is it like to do stage diving—and have no one there to catch you?
What is the difference between a hook and a riff?
Why do we lack world famous rock bands in India?
Did Radiohead kill Rock n Roll?
How would one rate the band Level 42 in terms of musicianship?
What are signs that you're meant to be a front man in a rock band? Or at least going to be a good one?
What is the best album by Slightly Stoopid?
What was behind the creation of "Hang On To Yourself" by David Bowie?
Do successful rock and pop musicians today have less creative control than they did before napster?
Metal/Rock Music - Why don't Metal bands do a concert like Symphony & Metallica?
Did "Stray Cat Blues" raise any eyebrows when "Beggars Banquet" was released in 1969?
How many albums did Deep Purple sell in Sweden in the 70's compared to Led Zeppelin?
Why was Frampton Comes Alive so popular?
How is Bono (of rock band U2) as a person?
What's your favourite track from Pink Floyd's The Wall?
What are 70's rock best hits?
Can Julian Casablancas sing?
What do you think is the best Pink Floyd song of all time?
Why is David Bowie a rock legend?
Could Janis Joplin be named the queen of rock and roll?
What is the song "Rock the Casbah" about?
What is Flea like in person?
What are the top 10 rock songs of 21st century?
If I like Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin and Guns and Roses. What other bands should I listen to, which have similar type of music?
Is it just that I'm getting older (mid-20s) or is rock music not as big as it was 10 years ago?
Do you think that rock n roll is dead? please explain why or why not.
What functional teams are needed to produce a modern rock concert?
What are some great underground deathcore bands?
Who are some of the most famous women radio producers who play/used to play rock n roll, punk or blues?
Question That Contains Assumptions: Why is Thin Lizzy the best rock band ever?
Who are the best bassists in rock?
What's your opinion about rock music?
Who are some underrated rock musicians?
What is considered the first punk rock rock band?
How will Paul Kantner (Jefferson Airplane & Jefferson Starship) be remembered and what is his legacy?
How can I embrace metal music and become a metalhead?
What is it like to be Spotify's Senior Music Editor/Programmer for rock music?
Is the song "I'm amazed" by My Morning Jacket critisizing atheists?
What are the best rock songs featuring piano?
How many of the true rock n roll legends are from the UK?
Where is Linkin Park?
In Guns 'n Roses’ "November Rain", what might be the cause of death for the bride?
Which is the best punk rock band in your opinion?
How could Bat Out of Hell sell 43 million copies?
What are bands similar to the Avett Brothers?
What are the greatest classic rock love songs?
Who is this Fletcher of the Pink Floyd song: Fletcher Memorial Home?
Who are your favorite Quora writers on pop music and rock music?
Which rock star has played the longest concert?
Music: Why did Soft Machine phase out lyrics after such an incredibly great first album?
Which Tokio Hotel song has the highest musical quality?
What are the ten best songs by Pink Floyd?
Where can I listen/download acoustic versions of the Classics or Rock songs?
What are the best rock songs of 2015?
Where can I find out about upcoming music events in cities like Mumbai/Delhi/Bangalore?
What are some of the best melodic metal songs without guttural screams? Or normal vocals like hard rock/soft rock songs would have?
Why do restaurants play loud classic rock music?
Who are the best go-go bands ever?
What stance did The Economist take during the emergence of the rock culture in the Sixties?
Is the Bangladeshi rock music industry popular among its large youth population?
What are some really good indian rock bands?
What are some rock concerts (small or big) on February in Rome?
What happened to Rock n' Roll, the music and the "kick it all" spirit?
Why Avril Lavigne stops rocking?
Is Kid Rock related to Hank Williams?
How did Anathema's transition from metal to atmospheric rock happen?
Which songs do you recommend to a guy who wants to start listening to blues music?
What is the story behind Frank Zappa's song Pygmy Twylite: why is it named as such?
What are the best rock bands (and solo artists) currently on tour?
Are there any White Stripes songs that contain profanity?
What was the most embarrassing live performance mistake by a professional musician?
Daniel Ek: What does your senior music editor and programmer for rock music do on a daily basis and how does one get that job?
Why is rock/metal music considered abominable by traditionalists even if its lyrics are traditionalist? What can be the logic in such an assertion?
Is pastiche a dirty word in rock/pop music criticism?
What was Jeff Beck's inspiration for "Cause We Ended As Lovers"?
What are some famous rock bands that haven't done drugs?
What are some interesting facts about psychedelic rock?
What are bands similar to Nickelback?
What is some cool rock music to help me concentrate at work - must be instrumental, but not TOO fast, heavy, or weird: absorbing, but not demanding?
Can you explain why I listen to japanese songs even though I don't know the language not one bit?
What do you think about David Bowie's Death?
What is grunge rock?
Which are the best classic rock songs with great lyrics?
Why did Linkin Park and Evanescence decide to collaborate?
Why has Steven Wilson remixed so many albums of classic progressive rock groups like Yes and King Crimson?
Why do people want to delete the new U2 album from iTunes?
What does it take to be a rock star?
What are the best psychedelic rock songs?
What newer music groups are out there for a fan of rock/alternative?
Who are some artists that are inspired by The Cars (rock band)?
What is the most legendary rock band?
What are some good slow rock songs of bollywood?
How did hard rock originate?
Which artists are known for writing psychedelic rock songs?
How is 70's hard rock different from hard rock in the 2000's?
Why didn't Marianne Faithful sing on any Rolling Stones songs when she was involved with Mick Jagger?
What rock singers never wrote their own songs?
What are some Turkish rock songs that have a disco/pop feel?
How do found meteorites differ from simple rock?
What are some common themes of hard rock songs?
What are some bands like Mindless Self Indulgence?
Music: Who is Allan Holdsworth and why does his music get simultaneously praised and criticized?
How do rock bands earn in India?
How can I enjoy pink floyd to the fullest?
What are some of the best technical deathcore bands?
Who are some lesser known bands similar to Parkway Drive?
Which later to be world famous rock or pop band has warmed up for your band, and any fun facts about this?
What is Big Time Rush's best album?
What music contributed to the hard rock genre?
What are the five easiest rock songs to play on electric guitar?
I'm trying to expand the kinds of rock music I listen to. Does anyone know any songs similar to Dirty Diana, or Come Together by MJ?
Why is AC/DC not as famous as some of the other bands of its generation?
Which model of Epiphone Les Paul sounds good for rock?
Is punk rock an updated version of techno music from the 1960's - 1970's?
Who will play as Rhythm Guitarist in coming Guns N' Roses reunion?
What pedal is Link Wray using in the song "Rumble"?
What are some bands similar to Alexisonfire?
How can I steer my 12-year-old son away from rock music?
How did you react the first time you heard Pink Floyd?
Is there any good rock song at 60 BPM to count time?
What bands and artists kept releasing great albums later in their career, without falling behind the greatness of their early years?
Are there any rock or heavy metals bands that have incorporated the double bass into their music? Who are they? If no one has, why not?
Who is considered to be the biggest rockstar of music ever?
How do you write a psychedelic rock song?
What are the subgenres of hard rock?
How do you learn to sing alternative rock music without a teacher?
What are some bands similar to Metallica?
What would you say were different types of rockers (stereotypes)?
Why did The Cars (rock band) reunite in 2010?
Other than the deaths of John Lennon and Kurt Cobain, what were the most shocking events in rock music?
What genres are similar to psychedelic rock?
What is the difference between Hard Rock music and Heavy Metal music? Which was first on the music scene?
What are some harmful effect of the rock music?
Which rock or pop bands have the best Christmas albums?
Was it an artistic statement by Evanescence (band) to rise and disappear so quickly, thereby staying true to their name?
How do Linkin Park and Evanescence compare?
What are bands similar to Kiss?
What is the story behind One in a Million by Guns N' Roses? How did the fans and society in general react to the strong views expressed there?
Which is more popular Rock or Hip Hop in 2015?
What are things every rock fan should know about Scott Weiland?
What are some of the catchiest Pop/Rock Songs?
Which is the best non-English language rock song?
What makes a good rock voice?
What is the real reason of no International Rock band at Live-wire this year in mood indigo Asia's Biggest college festival organised by IIT?
Why is Jeff Beck often called a guitarist's guitarist?
What are some good psychedelic rock bands?
How did the friendship between David Bowie and Mick Jagger influence both artists?
How did the rap rock band Underground Authority become successful?
What are the most common electric guitars used for recording pop and rock etc.?
What's the name of the rock video where the girl sees the band through a monitor but they are not really there?
What bands have been influential in hard rock?
What's it like to see The Cars (rock band) live?
What are the best Japanese screamo bands? Why do you like them?
How did 'Spring Awakening' become a Deaf West production?
Is anybody interested in listening to good rock/hard rock anymore?
What are some other good psychedelic POP bands like Tame Impala?
Do the tickets for rock and metal gigs in Australia usually become sold out from months ago?
What is the history of hard rock?
Could the loudness of the rock concert affect a pregnant woman's baby?
Who have been all the singers in Pink Floyd since the band started?
Was Pink Floyd a cult hit?
When will the next Vampire Weekend album (after Modern Vampires of the City) come out?
What is the legacy of The Cars (rock band)?
What was the worst review the Rolling Stones received when they started out?
What are some bands similar to Incubus?
Which rock bands include violins?
What are some good examples of rock and heavy metal music in Indian cinema?
Is there any drummer with a metallophone or xylophone in their drum kit?
What's wrong with having Pink Floyd as your favorite band?
What are bands similar to "All That Remains"?
Who is the oldest mainstream singer (pop/rock/rap) to achieve their first big hit?
What is Lemmy Kilmister's musical legacy?
Are there any rock bands singing in Sanskrit?
What does the "transmission" say at the end of Let it Die by Starset?
Could you recommend a grunge/alt rock compilation album from the 90s that includes Radiohead, Nirvana, Collective Soul, Pearl Jam etc?
What does Rock'n roll suicide mean?
What are some of the awesome Hindi Rock bands?
Who is a floyd?
I want to try to understand my 15 year old brother's love for hard rock music. What bands would give me the best intro?
How much talent do you need to be a great musician?
What inspired Pink Floyd's songs?
Why did The Cars (rock band) break up in 1988?
Who is the original writer of the song "Punk Rock Jalanan"?
How do you identify bass guitar tune among the loudness of rhythm/lead guitar in a song?
I want to compose rock and metal music but I think I am not talented enough but I love music very much. What should I do?
What are the best sites to download 90's Rock and pop music?
Do you believe hard rock is actually dead? What are your predictions?
What are some songs similar to Pink Floyd's Comfortably Numb?
Why is post rock popular?
Is there any connection between the Rollingstone magazine and the Rolling Stones band?
Why was Led Zeppelin accused of worshiping the devil?
What are some other bands like Bush?
Why does pop music not affect the mood of listener as much as rock music?
Is it worth getting into U2?
What happened to the guys from John Lennon's backing band, Elephant's Memory?
What are some good rock bands that every rock lover must listen to?
What is the significance of the song Pretty Girl Rock in The Rover?
Are there any psychedelic rock bands in India?
What bands are similar to Thursday?
What are some hindi bands like Swastik?
What is the latest news on the potential 2016 At the Drive-In reunion?
What are some punk rock songs about Tinkerbell?
Can def leppard hear? Their music makes me go deaf.
How did Moog synthesizers impact rock music?
What are some of the best mathcore bands?
What's the defining characteristic of bands like Red Jumpsuit Apparatus?
Have the Foo Fighters ever covered Nirvana?
How did Lemmy of Motörhead die?
Which are the best Eluveitie instrumentals?
I listen to Porcupine Tree, Pink Floyd, Scale the Summit, Opeth, Tool, and Dream Theater. What similar bands would you suggest I listen to?
How does classical music influence current music?
How did The Cars (rock band) become so successful?
Do heavy metal fans enjoy other forms of rock music?
What is the connection between Pink Floyd and the Illuminati?
Which are some of the best post grunge rock songs by Poets of the Fall or similar bands?
Who's your favorite rock/pop/alternative guitarist and why?
Are you sad about the death of Lemmy?
What are the best English rock songs which make you feel better?
Where can I buy popular bands hoodie, t- shirts & other merchandise (Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin, Beatles etc.) in Delhi?
What are some good indie folk rock bands?
Is there a chance that there will be a new rock genre?
What are bands similar to La Dispute?
What would be a canon of current rock music?
Do you know any artist that are associated with classic rock/80's music?
Why don't I see many Indian rock bands?
What are some popular soft rock and disco music choices from India?
Are there any Tibetan or Himalayan rock bands?
What are the top 10 rock bootlegs of all time?
What is the best album by The Cars (rock band)?
I am a metalhead, what are the best ways to design a Music theme based living Room except using posters?
Why are people now more interested in pop music rather that the good old classic rock?
Which punk rock songs are the most depressing?
What are some bands that are similar to Chiodos?
What is the most listened to classic rock album of all time?
What are Led Zeppelin's three best songs other than "Stairway to Heaven"?
Why did Guns N' Roses take so long to release Chinese Democracy?
How can I sell a new kind of music without spending any money if I’m very poor, and shows aren’t an option because venues don’t understand 77 minute rock songs yet. So are there any secrets?
Is the Blue Oyster Cult the most underrated band ever?
Would you prefer important music groups like Pink Floyd or Rolling Stones to continue their ways forever with new members?
Which bands are similar to Guns N' Roses?
Why is 'Behind Your Lies' by Linkin Park refered to as 'QWERTY' sometimes?
What are some good instrumental rock songs?
How did Miles Davis influence modern rock music?
Independent Music: What do you think of this song?
Why do a lot of rock bands use the Vox AC30?
Was Layne Staleys incredible rock voice due to vocal lessons?
What are some songs like Ten Years Gone by Led Zeppelin?
Is Snow Patrol a well Known Alternative rock Band?
Why is Bring Me Back to Life considered a Linkin Park song?
What instruments are used in rock and roll music?
Why is Pink Floyd's music so visual?
How important are trinity rock and pop guitar grades?
What is the best Guns N' Roses song ever?
Progressive Rock: Which Jethro Tull album is considered to be their best?
Which relatively unknown pop/rock singer in history has the worst voice and stage presence, why?
How does rock and roll affect the brain?
What are the best songs from Eurovision 2015?
What are some bands similar to The Velvet Underground?
Are rock bands of today underappreciated because of the 70s?
What musical genres blend together to make rock and roll?
Which bands have been influenced by The xx?
What are some home recording tips for rock music?
What is the best way to train my ear?
What is the time signature of Pink Floyd's "Wish You Were Here"?
How did Fermenting Mass of Dregs get its start?
Why does Guns N Rose's fans hate DJ Ashba?
What chances are there of a rock/alternative rock record hitting it big in the music industry now? All the money seems to be in pop music, and now that the 1990s are gone, will it ever be possible again?
What is Deep Purple's song Smoke on The Water about?
Is John Densmore of The Doors respected as a drummer?
What are the best Pink Floyd laser shows out there?
What 80's era Genesis album is your favourite and why?
What is the post punk revival?
What is Megadeth's best song?
Why cant I meet like minded alternative rock/pop rock musicians in Montreal?
What is the importance, function, and purpose of the bass guitar in a rock band?
How can I impress someone by playing bass?
What are some of the best movies on Heavy metal bands and Rock music?
Which rock bands did not feature guitars?
Was there any reason why the rock band 'Eagles of Death Metal' became a target for Islamic extremists?
How can one control sound levels effectively while playing in a small room with a band?
What is the best Guns N' Roses album?
What are some criticisms of Pink Floyd?
In the Elvis song, I'm All Shook Up, the lyrics states “I'm itching like a man in a fuzzy tree”. What is a fuzzy tree?
Which raaga would appeal the most to someone who usually listens to rock music?
Is Kid Rock trolling by wearing a Fedora all the time?
What does the term "Post Punk" mean? What are the best examples of "Post Punk"?
Why is "We Will Rock You" so famous in India?
What are some songs that sound like "Since I've been loving you - Led Zeppelin" by other bands?
Would you consider the Beatles similar to Pink Floyd due to their diverse music sound?
What are the best rock songs about love?
How was Guns N' Roses formed?
How does pop music compare to rock?
Which post rock band sampled the final speech from "The Great Dictator"?
When was Robert Plant of Led Zeppelin at his vocal peak?
Why has Guns N' Roses been called "the most dangerous band in the world"? Is it?
As a fan of the hair metal band Warrant, I have always wondered, Where DO the Down Boys go?
How did Jimi Hendrix know Rory Gallagher when the latter released his first album in 1971, by which time Hendrix was dead?
If you're a fan of Progressive Rock... would you reckon this is a good example of it?
What VST plugins should one use for rock songs on cubase?
What is the difference between punk and post punk?
What was the best rock band of the 1940s?
What is the Smashing Pumpkins best album?
Why did Robert Plant and Jimmy Page treat John Paul Jones like dirt after Led Zeppelin broke up?
What is acoustic rock music?
What are the best songs to excercise to?
Are there any Bands like Jungle?
Kurt Cobain's main music genre was 'Punk Rock'.So why is he referred to as 'One of the most iconic rock musicians in the history of Alternative Rock?
What is the best Rock quiz/trivia?
How can I start composing rock and metal music?
Was 'Helter Skelter' the first heavy-metal song ever?
What do you think of Roger Waters as a bass guitar player?
Why isn't the band Clutch as famous as it should be?
Which are the best all time rock songs?
What does the Pink Floyd "Dark Side of the Moon" mean?
What are similar bands to Bros?
How good of a guitarist was Brian Jones?
When did the rock and roll era begin?
Can you help me find headphones that lower ambient sound electronically?
What are the origins of rock and roll?
What influenced the beginning of Rock and Roll music?
How can i become a good Hindi rapper?
Does the tune of Knockin' on Heaven's Door have any antecedents?
How did Syd Barrett's mental breakdown shape the music of Pink Floyd?
What is Guns N' Roses' legacy in the music world?
Which was your first Pink Floyd song that you ever heard?
Do you think Joe Hahn from Linkin Park has a much better sense of music compared to other DJs like Skrillex, Martin Garrix, etc..?
Who are the top three rock guitiarists in history?
How do indie rock bands get popular without major label support?
How did the ramones shape 90s/contemporary punk rock?
How was Foo Fighters new EP, Saint Cecilia?
What is your interpretation of the song The Pretender by Foo Fighters?
What is the Guns N' Roses font?
What are some unconventional but good hard rock/ progressive rock songs?
Who is the most famous bass guitarist in modern rock n' roll and why?
Opinions: Is "Stairway to Heaven" by Led Zeppelin the greatest rock anthem of all time?
What is the best piece of music ever written and why?
What are the rock and roll music chords?
Who are the best iconic rock and roll bands?
Would anyone know any bands like Mayday Parade and GoRadio?
What is the history of rock and roll Music?
What's objectivist take on hip hop, rock & heavy metal music?
Who are some bands similiar to The National, The Pavement, French Kicks and Devotchka?
Who was the prominent female voice backup singer in the song by Spooky Tooth titled "That was only Yesterday"?
How does a bass guitar form a base for the other instruments in a band (rock or similar)?
During what years was punk rock at its peak?
What is it like to listen to bands such as The Doors, Black Sabbath, Hendrix, Pink Floyd whilst high?
Which are top hit rock /metal songs till date?
Why isn't Linkin Park nominated in American Music Awards(AMA)?
Which bands have influenced Megadeth?
What is it like to see Guns N' Roses in concert?
What is Ke$ha's best album?
What are the features of rock and roll music?
What are some easy blues songs or rock songs to learn for a beginner guitarist?
Has Linkin Park done a mistake by changing their genre?
Is it safe to say Pink Floyd is the only major rock act that didn't play any cover songs?
Why was rock and roll defined as devil music?
What are some rock bands without guitarists?
What's the difference between punk rock and techo?
What are some real overrated rock musicians?
Who are the members of Guns N' Roses? How has their lineup changed?
How has Trent Reznor contributed to rock music?
What are the best Youtube channels for rock/alternative/experimental songs/bands discoveries?
Is Oli Sykes (Bring Me The Horizon) the new Chester Bennigton (Linkin Park)?
What influence does rock and roll music have on today's music?
Who have been some of the most out of control rock bands in history?
Which rock bands have the best music videos?
How did Coldplay rose to become one of the biggest bands of all time?
Why is Van Halen considered such an influential band?
Who first recorded a rock 'n' roll song that used stuttering?
What is the band history of Guns N' Roses?
What is the best Deep Purple live album?
Who was a better drummer, Mitch Mitchell or Buddy Miles?
What do historians consider to be the point rock and roll music was born? What band first performed it?
Is Led Zeppelin the best band ever?
Which American rock band was performing at Bataclan Concert hall while the terrorist attack?
Rock Music: What bands are better without their original lead singer?
What are the best rock climbing gyms in Boston?
Why are many rock stars so skinny?
In what ways was Eric Clapton influential?
Music of The Beatles: Did Eric Clapton play lead guitar in the song 'While My Guitar Gently Weeps'?
What is the best Megadeth album?
What Beatles song provoked the most dramatic reaction in you the first time you ever heard it? Why?
What is Guns N' Roses' song Estranged about?
What are some good indie rock bands?
What makes Chester Bennington more worthy than Mike Shinoda to be the band leader of Linkin Park?
Is Rock Band still awesome or should we consider a different/better family music/video game?
What music video can this be? (alternative rock song)
What are some popular country rock songs like Let Me See Ya Girl by Cole Swindell?
Who are some of rock n roll nice guys?
Which musicians do you think influenced Neutral Milk Hotel?
Was pink floyd socialist/comunist?
What are the best post punk bands?
Photography: If I'm a photographer, how do I go by getting a photographer's pass to Mötley Crüe's last concert?
Why is there such animosity towards metalhead in our society?
Why is Jimi Hendrix considered to be the greatest rock guitarist?
What is the Pink Floyd's album Animals about?
What genre is Guns N' Roses? Who are some other bands in that genre?
What kind of supervision is in place for a School of Rock All Stars tour?
Why is vodka and pink Floyd considered the best combination?
In what ways did WWII influence Pink Floyd's The Wall?
In the Movie Pink Floyd the wall, Why are innocent people drawn to Vandalize and Trash Places?
How much bureaucracy is involved in releasing a song as an established artist?
What are some songs that are best to hear in a 2.1?
What are the Pros and Cons of a Band having their own website?
Why do some fans of Metallica think that they're sell-outs?
Was U2 a Christian rock band?
Are there any similarities between psychedelic rock and prog rock?
Why do classic rock radio stations always play the same songs?
How do Iron Maiden produce their characteristic "Galloping" sound?
Who was behind the most successful attempts to censor rock and roll music in the US and around the world?
What's your favorite track on the Abbey Road album?
Which is the better band- Maroon5 or Guns N' Roses?
Why did 'alternative music' ('college rock') become its own genre in the 1980s, as opposed to the 60s or 70s?
Is Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band better in stereo or mono?
What are the best Morrissey songs?
What is the Pink Floyd song Mother about?
What is rock and roll?
What key is "In Hiding" by Pearl Jam in?
Is there any difference between distortion and overdrive?
What are some fascinating facts about Guns N' Roses?
Around 1965 there was a controversial rock song that had grunts in it. Simple lyrics like "you make me feel alright baby" or something. The emphasis was the vocal grunts. Some thought it dirty, and so some radio stations wouldn't play it. Haven't heard it since. What was the song?
Were there any great rock albums made by musicians who didn't do drugs (including alcohol)?
Is pop/rock music a form of high art, why or why not?
Why does the recurring high pitched note in In the Morning by Junior Boys sound so familiar?
Who is better, Iron Maiden or Metallica? And why?
Music Theory: What scale and mode is Joe Satriani's Rubina in?
Who played the guitar solo in the Eagles' Hotel California and is he still active?
With the enormous repertoire of classic rock music, why are certain songs given such disproportionate airtime?
What are some examples of rock and roll music that are likely to stand the test of time, like some of Beethoven and Mozart's music?
How much money will Linkin Park take for a show in India?
Why does American indie rock seem less melodic and harmonic than British indie rock?
What does the Pink Floyd logo mean?
Would I face copyright issues if I keep 'R2-D2'(the droid in Star Wars) as a name for a rock band?
Which band is the better example of krautrock, Tangerine Dream or Faust?
Who are the members of Linkin Park? How has the lineup changed since the band formed?
What is a Linkin Park concert like?
What are some of the greatest comeback records in rock and roll history?
What are Tool's best songs?
What does Robert Plant think of the song Stairway to Heaven? Does he like to perform it live?
Why is classic rock still so popular whereas genres like disco, grunge, new wave have come and gone?
What was the first hard rock act to first use an accordion as part of the band? Who has done it the best and most consistently?
What is it like to witness a music concert by a very famous international artist?
How does Ringo Starr's drumming compare to that of Charlie Watts?
What is the best Sum 41 album?
What are the best Linkin Park lyrics?
What are King of Leon's best songs?
Which bands have been influenced by Linkin Park?
Rock Music: How do you like sparklehorse?
What does the Linkin Park logo mean? How was it designed?
My kid wants to learn rock guitar, how do I guide him?
What are some similarities between underground hip-hop and underground rock?
What made Indian Ocean different from other Indian Rock bands?
How did Robert Plant influence rock and roll?
What is your review of U2 (band)?
What are the best songs written by Eddie Vedder?
If The Beatles had stayed together, would they be just as popular as The Rolling Stones?
Who are the best rock drummers from the 60's - now and which band are they from?
What famous bands have been opening acts for the Rolling Stones?
Can anyone help me with my direction in learning guitar?
Which Buckethead album is the best and why?
Will Oasis ever reunite as a band someday?
What is Brooke Hogan's best song?
What genre is Linkin Park? What are some other bands in the same genre?
What song do you think it was?
What are some overrated rock bands?
What is Major Lazer's best album?
What are some of the creepiest album covers?
Is Rock & Roll British or American?
Why did Robert Plant consider becoming a school teacher following the breakup of Led Zeppelin?
What bands are similar to Skillet?
Did Bob Dylan ever talk about Lou Reed?
What is the most common band name?
What rock band owns the least amount of their song royalties?
Who are some prominent rock guitarists having emerged in the last decade?
Will there be a digital release of the 2015 "Fare Thee Well" Grateful Dead concerts?
What is Robert Plant's favorite Led Zeppelin song? Why is it his favorite?
What are bands similar to No Doubt?
What bands are similar to Gorillaz?
What is the meaning of the song "Blind" by Lifehouse?
Was Joe Cocker the greatest rock/soul singer to come out of Britain?
What is Stevie Nicks' best song?
What makes The Strokes such an awesome band?
What are Celine Dion's best songs?
Is it reasonable to compare Steve Hackett's role in Genesis to that of George Harrison's in The Beatles?
Why did John Fogerty refuse to perform with Stu Cook and Doug Clifford at the Rock N Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony in 1993?
What are Hugh Laurie's best songs?
What is the best Allman Brothers Band album?
What is the best music-themed or music-related book, article or blog you've ever read?
Which bands have been influenced by Skillet?
What are the Best songs from this year?
Why did the band Faust break up in 1975, only to reunite in 1990? What did the members do in the intervening years?
Why do bands like Guns N Roses and Boston take so much time to release new albums?
What is chorus and solo in a rock song?
What are differences in expressing emotions while listening to rap, rock or metal?
What is the different between punk rock and metal and hard rock and all of that type of music?
What are the best songs by The Allman Brothers Band?
What are the best songs by Art Garfunkel?
Do rock band get along well together in events or festivals?
What are the sub-genres within Stoner Rock?
What are some of Fetty Wap's best songs?
What Vst plugins can I use for synths which sound like Pink Floyd?
Why was there so much of bloodshed in monsters of rock concert in Moscow? Why did the cops beat people with their sticks?
What bands are similar to Bullet for My Valentine?
What are the best songs by Damon Albarn?
Why did bands like Aerosmith and Bon Jovi survive the whole grunge scene?
How do rock bands get signed to record contracts?
Which rock bands do you recommend?
What is your favorite 1970s Genesis album, and why?
With Nirvana in the Rock N Roll hall of fame, is it only a matter of time before bands such as Pearl Jam and Soundgarden make it in there?
What would be a great name for a progressive rock band?
What imaginary rock song covers would you like to hear, by whom?
How did Eddie Vedder get involved in Pearl Jam?
What is Elliott Smith's best album?
What is Jack White's best song (from any band he's been in)?
What are some of the best band names?
What are some similarites and differnecies between modern day rock music and classic rock from the 60s-80s?
What are the best rated Thin Lizzy songs?
Why are rock groups like The Moody Blues, Ten Years After, Procul Harum, Yes and Deep Purple so underrated?
What is the best single tip for a wide rock guitar mix?
Where can I download pink Floyd songs?
Who can be regarded as arguably the greatest rock frontman?
What are the best rock songs with social messages?
Is india ready for the growing scene of live rock music? Is it ready for its own woodstock?
What do you think of Pink Floyd's album Animals?
Which two bands have influenced Black Veil Brides?
Which Linkin Park performances have been the most memorable?
Why do critics love to piss on Billy Joel?
How much of AC/DC's music does Angus Young write?
What do progressive rock bands like Dream Theater think of mainstream rock music?
Why aren't The Monkees in The Rock N Roll hall of fame?
Where did the band "The Strokes" get their name?
What are some of CNBLUE's best songs?
What is so special about the year 1969 that it features in many classic rock songs and also in history?
What was Ace Frehley's onstage persona?
What is the organ used in Pink Floyd's Eclipse?
What is metalcore and what makes it different from just "heavy metal"? And why do metal fans/purists always seem to have a negative opinion of it?
What are some best English songs that can be listened to often?
What is Linkin Park's band history?
Why does the Linkin Park guitarist wear headphones?
Why don't most people consider pop/mellow rock bands great artists despite the fact that the greatest band of all was pop-influenced?
What are bands similar to Of Mice & Men?
What is the best album by Tyler, The Creator?
Beatles or Pink Floyd? If you had to save one collection from a burning building, which would it be?
What is The Strokes' best album?
What are the best bands who played Tomorrowland in 2014?
Who are the members of CNBLUE? How did they form the band?
What are some terrestial North American rock radio stations that are known for playing deep cuts?
What is the best Skillet album?
Why aren't The Strokes touring?
Does Rock and Roll still exist, or is it so specialized now the the genre has disappeared?
What were some of the main societal changes that affected the evolution of rock music in the 70's, pre punk?
What does David Stewart think of Pink Floyd?
What are Robin Thicke's best songs?
What are the best rock bands in Japan?
Which bands have influenced Skillet?
What did metal fans really think of the two Iron Maiden albums that featured Blaze Bayley in the 90's?
What are Adam Lambert's best songs?
What is David Gilmour net worth? How much does he get in royalties from Pink Floyd songs?
What was your best rock song of the 80s?
What are the best live performances by Led Zeppelin which had improvisations?
Why did Brian Jones' role in the Rolling Stones diminish?
Which album is better, "Everybody's Crazy" (1985) by Michael Bolton or "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" (1967) by the Beatles. (Please don't answer unless you have listened to both) Why?
What is a 30 Seconds to Mars concert like?
Which songs did David Gilmour sing in Pink Floyd?
How did Ace Frehley get involved with Kiss?
What are the most underrated Bullet for My Valentine songs?
If I wanted to learn rock guitar solos for the first time, where should I start?
Where do you see rock and metal in 10 years? 20?
What have been Eddie Vedder's projects outside of Pearl Jam?
What type of guitar is best for a classic soft rock style?
How did the commercialization of music affect rock in the beginning of the 60's?
What was the Foo Fighters set list at their concert on November 2nd, 2015 in Cesena Italy?
I am a newbee in a band, what should I play when introduced?
Why do some band names sound like people's names, like Pink Floyd and Jethro Tull?
Are there any bands combining Gnawa music for lack of a better term stoner rock?
How did Bangalore become a mecca of rock music in India?
What was Jack White's role in the garage rock revival of the 2000s?
Who is the best Rockabilly musician? Why and what is there best song?
What is CNBLUE's best album?
What had the members of The Band done before forming up?
What are B.B. King's best songs?
What should I do at starved rock state park?
Is there any rockstar autobiography where the author writes extensively about learning guitar?
What are some bands like Thirty Seconds To Mars?
What are Elliott Smith's best songs?
Which is the best metal instrumental ever made? Name ONLY ONE.
Anyone in the southeast Missouri area looking to start a metal or rock band, or in need of a vocalist?
What is the key of this song?
What are the characteristics of the english bluesrock that bands such as Cream are known for?
What are some underrated rock bands?
What are examples of humor in songs by Tool?
What is the best song on the "Badlapur" soundtrack?
A considerable amount of rock music and popular music from the 1970's is of a very high standard of production. Was this the best decade for the craft of producing popular music?
What recording or production technique makes rock and roll bass look like this?
What is the Jim Morrison estate worth?
What bands are similar to Oasis?
What are some of Heart's best songs?
What are some of Yngwie Malmsteen's best songs?
How did Pink Floyd pioneer the progressive rock genre?
How did punk rock get started?
How did The Beatles inspire the progressive rock genre?
What are some of Robyn's best songs?
Is "Back in the USSR" by the Beatles a musical nod to the Beach Boys?
Why was punk rock so sucessful in England?
Who is Ben Rama?
What is the best song Johnny McDaid worked on in any way?
What are some of Scott Walker's best songs?
How is "The Hunting Party" different than Linkin Park's other albums?
What album contains the described artwork?
How did the Smashing Pumpkins sound in the 1990s shape rock music in the 2000's?
How did Lostprophets originally form as a band?
What are bands similar to Royal Blood?
What are the best songs on "The Hunting Party"?
Why did the Smashing Pumpkins choose to tour with Marilyn Manson?
What is the best Led Zeppelin documentary or biography?
What are the best Rolling Stones albums?
Was Elvis Presley really constipated when he died?
What are the best Rush songs?
What bands are similar to Hollywood Undead?
What are similar bands to Beirut?
What is a post-rocker?
Why are southern rock and country bands so frequent in the Nordic countries?
What are the best songs by The Pogues?
What is the best Led Zeppelin album?
What is so special about Pink floyd?
What are the best bands in the progressive rock genre?
What is The Cranberries' best album?
What are some of Don Henley's best solo songs?
What famous bands have opened for GWAR?
Does the Grateful Dead have political motivations? Does it come through in their music?
What is the best Papa Roach album?
Has punk rock been replaced by grunge music?
How did audiences react to Papa Roach when they were relatively unknown and opening for bands like Incubus and Powerman 5000?
What are Sammy Hagar's best solo songs?
What is Good Charlotte's best album?
Which Fun. songs are the best?
What is Roxy Music's best album?
How did Papa Roach compare to Guns 'n Roses when they toured together on the Chinese Democracy tour? Which band played better?
What are some popular modern day punk rock groups?
What is the best song on The Muppets soundtrack?
Can you suggest a good hard rock and DJ music making software?
What are the best songs by INXS?
Does Avicii see himself as a singer in a rock band?
What are some other bands like Heart?
What is Beirut's best album?
What are some of Stevie Ray Vaughan's best songs?
I want to start listening rock music. And after that maybe metal too. What bands should I start with?
At what age do most punk rock musicians change their tune?
Why did Led Zeppelin change their name from the New Yardbirds?
Why doesn't Ian McLagan like Green Day?
Does rock bands use subliminal perception?
What are ZZ Top's best songs?
What are some of Good Charlotte's best songs?
What are Susanna Hoffs' best songs?
What are Kraftwerk's best songs?
What are some of Chicory Tip's best songs?
How do bands end up being classified as "classic rock" vs "retro" when they are from the 80's?
Did any members of the Grateful Dead ever miss a performance due to illness?
What are some examples of social commentary in progressive rock songs?
Which progressive rock band is better: Yes or The Moody Blues?
Which is the most popular album by Aerosmith (band)?
What is The Byrds best song?
Would punk rock music exist in the absence of teenagers?
What is Vivaldi's best song?
What are some bands similar to Rixton?
What is the best song Scott Stapp wrote for Creed?
What is Robyn's best album?
What are REO Speedwagon's best songs?
What are some great aggressive instrumental rock and/or metal artists/projects?
How did The Byrds influence rock?
Why do The Rolling Stones still tour?
What are MF Doom's best songs?
What are the best songs on the album: The Piper at the Gates of Dawn?
What are some bands similar to Cocteau Twins?
What is the best Gary Numan album?
What is Rixton's best song so far?
Who are the members of Blur? How did they join the band?
Why are concept albums so common with progressive rock bands?
Who are the members of Led Zeppelin? Has the lineup always been the same?
What was the significance of the flying pig on the cover of Animals, the Pink Floyd album?
Is Johnny Rotten the father of punk rock?
Why did the members of Rancid want to play punk rock instead of other rock genres?
What are the best facts about the 30 Rock writers?
What have been ZZ Top's most memorable performances?
Is there any symbolism in listening to classical music but also hard rock?
What are the best songs by Winner?
What are some underrated Rolling Stones albums?
Is it fashionable to wear shorts with long socks?
What are bands similar to Silversun Pickups?
Why are Rolling Stones concert tickets so expensive?
What are some of Eric Church's best songs?
What are Nathan Sykes' best songs?
What does The Rolling Stones' tongue logo mean?
There's an early 2000s alt or rock band that was almost a one hit wonder or is, where the band sung and played on a clock. What is it called?
How do I produce electro rock music at home? What are the key elements I should posess?
What are some bands similar to Chicory Tip?
What are the best songs by Gil Scott-Heron?
Which progressive rock band currently performing today puts on the best live concert?
What are the best songs by The Eagles that can be considered bluegrass rather than rock?
Which bands are similar to The Pogues?
What are some bands with a sound similar to Soil?
Why is Muse considered to be in the progressive rock genre?
Was the band U2 named after the U2 program?
Why are The Beatles' mono LP's more expensive than their stereo LP's?
What are bands similar to Counting Crows?
What do you think about the band U2?
What are some of James Taylor's best songs?
What is the band Weezer doing now?
What is your favorite vocal harmony musical group?
What is the best Grateful Dead album and why?
What is Heart's best album?
Who was the best lyricists? Paul Simon & Art Garfunkel or John Lennon & Paul McCartney?
What are some great stories about 70's rock bands?
What are the best Oasis songs?
What are the best Roxy Music songs?
What bands are similar to Rush?
I am starting up in a gym soon, and I want to work out at home, too. What workout songs are there that are good, especially rock music?
Which band best set the stage for punk rock?
What is Sheryl Crow's best album?
What are the best songs by The Script?
What are bands similar to Twisted Sister?
What happens to rock groups when they are past their prime?
What are some good Death n roll bands?
Was "The Hunting Party" one of the best rock albums of 2014?
Why are The Rolling Stones often accused of ripping off old blues songs?
What are some of the best Muddy Waters songs?
What's the most underrated Rolling Stones song?
What is the best Joy Division song?
What is Yngwie Malmsteen's best album?
Why do people think The Rolling Stones are better than the Beatles?
How essential is the electronic keyboard to progressive rock?
Did Frank Zappa write / sing any straightforward rock songs?
Why did Led Zeppelin break up?
What are some of Pantera's best songs?
What is your least favorite U2 album and why?
Do anyone have suggestion for any fast, hard rock, full of aggression, kind of song?
What are the best songs to perform in guitar in tamil...?
What is Jeff Beck's best album?
What is the Jim Morrison estate worth?
Why does Marilyn Manson try to offend everyone equally?
What are some of Joan Baez's best songs?
What is Van Halen's best song?
What are some bands like Nirvana but heavy version?
What is the best Massive Attack album?
What is a good, affordable keyboard for creating ambient noise and tones in space rock/U2ish songs?
Why does the black community say white people stole rock music? Why's it so bad that more white people started playing it?
What makes a rock and roll song rock?
How did punk rock get started?
Is "Back in the USSR" by the Beatles a musical nod to the Beach Boys?
How did The Smiths' guitarist Johnny Marr inspire bands like Oasis and The Stone Roses?
How did Syd Barrett influence Roger Water's music after Barrett left Pink Floyd?
Who are the members of the band Exo?
What are some good Chinese music groups that mix traditional and modern music?
What were some of Rock Hudson's best roles?
What are bands similar to Korn?
Rock Music: What are some examples of an established band totally blowing a song live? Like the bassist and guitarist starting in different keys - or even different songs.
What is the name of the song that may be a song by The Who that is similar to the bridge of Turbonegro's Back To Dungaree High?
Why did Eddie Van Halen name his son Wolfgang?
What are some of Got7's best songs?
What are some really great rock songs from movies (similar to the ones in Shrek)?
What is the meaning of the song High Hopes(The Divison Bell 1994) performed by Pink Floyd?
Who are the top three rock bands in the 80s?
What are the best Rush songs?
What bands has Maynard James Keenan been in?
What are some of Toto's best songs?
What are some good indie rock bands with some disco influences or synth?
What is the best Doors album?
Are Red Hot Chili Peppers going to release album this/ next year?
How did U2 settle on its name for the band?
What is so special about Pink floyd?
Who are the members of Rage Against the Machine, and how did they form the band?
Which musicians are similar to John Paul Jones?
What are some other bands like Blur?
What are the names of some bands that were created by members of a previous incarnation that changed the band's name because of the death of one of their members?
How did Amy Lee start the band Evanescence?
What are the most popular soft rock songs of the 70s and early 80s?
What were some milestones in early rock and roll?
Has punk rock been replaced by grunge music?
What are PartyNextDoor's best songs?
What are some bands like Shinedown?
When were the last Jimi Hendrix, undiscovered, never released recordings found and have they all now been released?
Who are the members of the band Toto?
What is the best song that Joel Madden has written?
Why is Marilyn Manson known as a "shock rocker"?
What are some popular modern day punk rock groups?
What are the best songs by the Black Eyed Peas?
What is it like to see Foo Fighters live in concert?
What is Beirut's best album?
What rock bands are popular in China currently?
Is there a list of music bands formed in university (like Pink Floyd)?
What are some best classics rock lyrics?
How did Jimmy Page start Led Zeppelin?
What are Meaghan Martin's best songs?
Which is the best Black Metal band ever and why?
Who are some of the Foo Fighters' influences and inspirations?
What are some of James Hetfield's best songs?
What is Ryan Adams (musician)' best album?
What is the best U2 album ever?
What are some of Beck's best songs?
What was it like for Jimmy Page to return to music after Led Zeppelin broke up?
What kind of music besides metal do most metal fans enjoy? It seems a lot of musicians enjoy indie and normal rock (pretty predictable) but what is the norm? Old school hip hop seems quite popular among some metal fans too.
Why do awesome bands like System of a down gets less limelight than Average bands like One direction etc.?
What are the odds that Iron Maiden will tour India in 2016?
What is a Ryan Adams (musician) show like live?
What are some of Mark Ronson's best songs?
What genre of music does Exo play? What are some other bands with similar style?
What was the appeal of Ritchie Blackmore?
What are some well-known examples of a famous musical duo that consists of one black person and white person?
What is U2's best song?
Where can I find best rock music pubs and bars in Bangalore?
What are some examples of social commentary in progressive rock songs?
What is it like to attend the Rock in Rio festival?
What are some of Bone Thugs-n-Harmony's best songs?
Which Led Zeppelin songs did John Paul Jones have the most influence on?
Which is the most popular album by Aerosmith (band)?
What was the exact mental condition and disorder of Syd Barrett, the former frontman of Pink Floyd?
How is Muse similar to Pink Floyd?
What are some genres and bands that are similar to metal (especially metalcore) but are not considered "metal"?
Who are the members of KISS?
How did Bruce Dickinson join Iron Maiden?
Which bands are similar to Black Sabbath?
How did Mark Knopfler form Dire Straits?
What are some of KISS' best songs?
What are some popular country rock songs?
What is the difference between alternative and rock music?
What is the best song in Frozen? Why?
How did The Beatles manage to be so eclectic?
What are the characteristics of heavy metal music?
What are the differences between progressive rock and jam bands?
What does it mean that Korn/Slipknot are more hardcore/metal than Linkin Park?
Which rock band delievers the most energetic live shows?
Which Black Sabbath performances have been the most memorable?
Who are the members of Blur? How did they join the band?
Who are the members of Foo Fighters?
What are the different subgenres of heavy metal, and how were each developed?
How was horror-thriller Black Rock received by indie darling Mark Duplass' core audience?
What are some other bands like Rage Against the Machine?
Where can I listen to free unlimited music online?
What kind of people listen to pink floyd?
What was The Who's major contribution to rock music?
How did the band KISS get its start? Who were the founding members?
What is Van Halen's best album?
What are the best songs by Ozzy Osbourne?
What is the best KISS album?
What are the best facts about the 30 Rock writers?
Why were there so many non-album hit singles in the UK for the Beatles and Rolling Stones in the 60s?
Why is heavy metal called that, in music?
What are the requirements and steps for the formation of a successfull Music Band?
Is there Italian rock, and if so, who are the major Italian rock artists/bands?
What happened to Dave Logeman, the drummer on Frank Zappa's album You Are What You Is?
What are some of Cher's best songs?
How did the band Foo Fighters get its start?
What is the best Bone Thugs-n-Harmony album?
What are some underrated Rolling Stones albums?
What is happening to rock music?
In the Grateful Dead song 'Trucking', what does the 'Vitamin C' that Sweet Jane lives on refer to?
Was Elvis Presley part Cherokee?
What are some bands similar to Imagine Dragons?
What are Dir en Grey's fans called?
What are the best songs that Lenny Kravitz wrote but did not perform?
Was Pete Townshend influenced by Frank Zappa?
What bands are like The Pretty Reckless?
What are some of Sheryl Crow's best songs?
What is the history of the band Foo Fighters?
What are some bands similar to System of a Down?
Which progressive rock band currently performing today puts on the best live concert?
What are the best songs by The Eagles that can be considered bluegrass rather than rock?
Which artists has Bono collaborated with outside U2?
What is Toto's best album?
Why are the fans of KISS called the KISS Army?
What is some music with the intensity, raw power and riffs of heavy metal, but without the dark themes?
What genre of music is KISS? What are some other bands like them?
What is Blur's best album?
What are the most amazing classical rock songs ever composed?
What are some of James Taylor's best songs?
What are some of Blur's best songs?
What's the best song from "Nothing Was the Same" by Drake?
What are Exo's best songs?
What are some of Grace Jones's best songs?
How did the band KISS get its name?
Is Bon Jovi's 'Livin' On A Prayer' really the best rock song of the 80s?
Why did Roger Waters leave Pink Floyd?
How did The Who invent the "rock opera"?
What are some of Bruce Dickinson's best songs?
Were Krist Novoselic and Kurt Cobain close?
What is the name of the city and the name of the venue where the Beatles performed for an entire year before they became globally famous?
How many records have each of the various artists nominated for the 2016 class of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame sold?
Can rock and roll be viable in the 21st Century?
What is Marina and the Diamonds' best song?
Is there a mistake in the recording of When the Levee Breaks by Led Zeppelin?
Which rock band delivers the most energetic live shows?
What are the best Oasis songs?
Why did Ronnie James Dio leave Black Sabbath?
Can I wear a band t-shirt to the concert of that particular band?
What are Bon Jovi's best songs? Why?
What bands are similar to Rush?
What bands are similar to the Jonas Brothers?
Why is Joe Walsh on Rolling Stone's "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time" list? Does he deserve to be on there?
What is the best Shinedown album?
What's John Frusciante's best album?
What are some quintessential "American" pop/rock songs?
What's the best song by The Killers?
What is Sheryl Crow's best album?
What is a good Rock/ Blues/ Funky music playlist?
How did the band Tool form?
Did Pink Floyd ever meet Pink Anderson and/or Floyd Council?
What's the meaning of "To be a rock and not to roll" in lyrics of Stairway to Heaven?
What is the best song that Axl Rose wrote for Guns N' Roses?
What is Beck's best album?
How essential is the electronic keyboard to progressive rock?
Why didn't SLASH get any big projects after Guns n Roses?
Were the 13th Floor Elevators the first true psychedelic rock band?
Why is Don Felder no longer an Eagle?
What kind of rock music is this?
What are the best Sum 41 songs?
What happened to long and complex yet soothing and beautiful guitar solos that dominated music once?
Are there modern rock bands with catchy, melodic harmonies similar to those championed in 311 songs like "Jupiter" and "Amber"?
What's the meaning behind "Achilles' Last Stand" by Led Zeppelin?
What was Jimi Hendrix's greatest performance?
What are the best D12 songs?
What are the best songs by Jimmy Buffet?
What is the song “Stairway to Heaven” about?
Are there any good covers of Stairway to Heaven?
What are some songs like "River Flows in You"?
What are some good progressive metalcore bands?
What are some of Walk the Moon's best songs?
Why is Queen's Live Aid performance considered one of the best rock performances in history?
What are some the most unimaginable stories about groupies?
What are the best rock song quotes?
Why did the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame locate in Cleveland, Ohio?
Which Cream song is better and why - Sunshine of Your Love or White Room?
Are The Libertines planning on touring the US after their reunion?
What were some of your first favorite music albums in life?
How is modulation used in John Zorn's Snagglepuss?
What are some rock songs with violin?
What are the best songs by The Cure?
How has Nirvana's music inspired rock music in 2015?
Are Black Veil Brides a popular band?
What are some other bands/artists like The Fray?
How do I get a raspier head-voice?
What are examples of famous recorded songs with parts that are out of time or out of key?
When is David bowie coming out?
What are Gwen Stefani's best songs?
How did Dave Grohl join Nirvana?
What are some bands similar to Black Veil brides?
Why did Eric Clapton leave Cream?
Psychology: What causes the feeling you get when you listen to songs like Stairway to Heaven?
Do you often encounter roadies or groupies while playing in a Chinese rock band? How different is it from playing in an American one?
Why do audiences with short hair (and even the ones with long hair) do headbanging? Isn't it a very lame thing to do?
What are some bands similar to Social Distortion?
What are Black Veil Brides shows like?
What are some brutal deathcore bands?
Who is Dave Grohl hero?
How do song writers use figurative language in hard rock songs?
How has the lineup of Iron Maiden changed over the years?
What are some of f(x)'s best songs?
Can you describe your experience of living the sex, drugs, and rock n' roll lifestyle?
What are some cool rock songs to play in cars?
What is the rumor about Marilyn Manson having ribs removed?
What inspired the song Stairway to Heaven?
What does "You can’t beat live music" mean?
What is Dave Grohl's favorite Foo Fighters song?
Why do some guitar solos give us goosebumps?
Whittier some other bands similar to The Fray?
What are the best rock dubstep songs?
What are the best Plies songs?
How much influence has the Rock genre and its various sub-genres had on Avicii's music?
Have the Black Veil Brides ever collaborated with Juliet Simms?
How is timbre approached in John Zorn's Snagglepuss?
How have you supported your favourite band or musician in a way that qualifies you as a true fanatic of the band? Might be buying their most obscure work or attending a huge number of concerts.
How did Pink Floyd decide on the lead singer for each track?
What are some of the Irish hard rock songs played at sporting events?
What are the best songs with beats to listen to?
Why does rock music hurt my brain?
What are some examples of figurative language in famous rock songs?
Why was Michael Bolton's 1985 AOR masterpiece, "Everybody's Crazy", not a hit album?
Will an Epiphone ES 335 play punk/alternative rock?
What band produce the album Oh No?
What happened to Jal the band?
Why are there hardly any black Rock Stars?
What are some fun rock songs to play on the guitar?
How was the band The Ramones formed?
What are Cyndi Lauper's best songs?
What are some of the best Iron Maiden songs and why?
Why does Marilyn Manson sometimes dress like the Pope?
Why is radiohead so different?
Why have so many popular rock bands originated in Great Britain?
What are your views about Iron Maiden's new album "The Book of Souls"?
What are the best U-Kiss songs?
What comes to your mind when you think of these words together: American rock (both solid rocks or rock music or any rock at all) + glam + cord + progressive + amplified + Sirius?
What are some bands similar to Slipknot?
What are the best songs by the Charles Trippy Band?
Which is the best website for buying tshirts of music artists in the US?
Who are some of the alleged children of Doors singer Jim Morrison?
What are the best modern reggae bands?
Which rock bands don't have piano players?
What are some outfits for grunge/rock/metal music?
How did the Black Veil Brides first form up?
What are some good rock songs about broken hearts?
On Pink Floyd's 'The Wall', are the background clips designed to interact with the music or just as background atmosphere?
Why are The Clash considered one of the best punk bands?
How did Billie Joe Armstrong reenergize the punk rock music scene in the 1990s?
Who played the guitar solo on Rod Stewart's "The First Cut is the Deepest"?
Did Frank Zappa ever answer criticism about the scatological and juvenile nature of his later work?
Why can I learn the specifics of what characterizes specific musical genres, including R & B and rock?
Why is Redbull tour bus event in Mumbai on 3rd September isn't a free entry gig as it used to be earlier?
How is timbre approached in Fausto Romitelli's Trash TV Trance?
What are great black rock & punk bands similar to Bad Brains, Death (from Detroit), etc.?
Why is Iron Maiden not as popular as Metallica?
What's that song called, they play it at intros to football games especially in high school it has like 3 simple guitar cords?
Is my vocal range set at 19 years old?
What are some of Lea Salonga's best songs?
What is arguably Mike Oldfield's worst album?
How did Cream come up with their fusion of blues rock, hard rock and psychedelic rock?
What are some bands similar to Nirvana?
Why are so many rock bands openly opposed to organized religions?
What are some bands like Lifehouse?
Why does female bands get views easily compared some best bands like linkin park in youtube?
Why did Canada produce so much douche rock in the 2000s?
How has Iron Maiden remained a force in heavy metal music for 40 years?
What do the lyrics in Disturbed's "Droppin Plates" mean? What do the "droppin plates" refer to?
What were the best Rolling Stones albums released prior to 1968?
What is the origin of the band Mötley Crüe?
Can a third garage rock revival occur in the near future?
How did King Crimson influence the music of Yes?
What was it like being a musician working with Frank Zappa?
Who has a larger body of work: The Rolling Stones or Bob Dylan?
Why did Kurt Cobain name his band Nirvana?
Are there any examples of good jingles using rock music?
What are some of Christina Milian's best songs?
Is comfortably numb a good beginner solo?
What are some bands like Linkin Park?
How did the Zac Brown Band end up collaborating with the Foo Fighters?
How can I watch the Legion of the Black film by Black Veil Brides?
What are some songs / artists similar to the song The Rasmus - Dont Let Go?
Why did Nirvana come to be known as "one of the most influential and important rock bands of the modern era"?
Why does some linkin park video views graph shows 0 views for some period? What happened there?
Whatever happened to Cheap Trick?
Which Iron Maiden tour was the most entertaining?
What did Frank Zappa think of The Rolling Stones?
What are Aesop Rock's best songs?
What are some bands similar to Modest Mouse?
Is rock music a good choice for a video intro?
What are some other songs like "Fade Into You"?
If Avicii can collab with one band, dead or alive, who would that be?
How do you make the Rock symbol in text form?
What was it about The Police that made them so sensational?
What are some songs by other artists similar to Led Zeppelin's "Kashmir"?
Does Marilyn Manson really worship the devil or is it just a part of his carefully crafted image?
How did Cream inspire Led Zeppelin?
What are some bands similar to "All Time Low"?
What rock stars played in their high school jazz bands?
Are there any rock bands like Steel Panther (old school tone of the drums, guitars, vocals, similar to the 80's rock bands Van Halen, Whitesnake, Deep Purple, but are from the 21st century). So without the modern digital like rock sound?
What's a good program to create rock beats in a Mac or a good website to make them?
In the Pink Floyd album "Animals," what do they mean by "pigs on the wing"?
What are the best Pink Floyd covers?
What are the best modern punk bands?
What are good songs from the American band Nirvana?
Which are the best sufi rock songs?
What are the best metalcore bands?
What are the best songs from The Hangover soundtrack?
Why is “Free Bird” requested at so many rock concerts?
Does Marilyn Manson have children? If not, does he plan to have them?
What are some major schools for rock music in India?
Who are the best black rock singers?
What are the top ten most depressing rock songs?
What is Black Veil Brides' best album?
What are the best Lostprophets songs?
Are there any new age rock bands/individuals which play (not cover) music similar to the 90s?
What are the best songs that Amy Belle sings?
What are the distinguishing characteristics of rock and metal music? Where do they overlap?
I love bands like Blink 182, Gnarwolves, Sum 41 and Slipknot. What other bands should I listen to?
How do you write a rock song?
How do Sum 41, Blink 182, and Green Day compare?
What is the most severe criticism you have relieved about heavy metal music? How would you respond to it if you could at all?
Has Marilyn Manson improved over the years, or has his music degraded?
What are some recent good Hindi rock songs to sing on stage?
What are bands like Explosions in the Sky?
What happened to the band Lostprophets?
What are similar bands to The Drums?
How do you learn to sing rock music?
What are some bands like The Script?
What are some bands like Earth, Wind and Fire?
On the Rolling Stones album Let It Bleed, how can I tell what parts are being played by Mick Taylor?
How does rock music make you feel?
Is Led Zeppelin a bit too sex driven?
Which video is your favorite live performance by a rock and roll band?
What are the best songs by Tech N9ne?
How did Simon & Garfunkel feel about the Bangles' cover of "A Hazy Shade of Winter"?
How can I be in the Music/Film industry and not show off and stay humble?
What is the meaning of "Welcome to the Machine" by Pink Floyd?
Why do I feel happy/mystified/amazed when I listen to Led Zeppelin's songs after smoking a joint? Is it just me or do others feel the same way?
What are the best songs in the show Bleach?
What are some good punk bands of 2015?
What are Lil B's best songs?
Who were the greatest geniuses in rock 'n' roll?
What are the best pop punk bands?
What is the meaning of the song "Hands Held High" by Linkin Park?
What song writing process does Linkin Park follow?
What are some good bands that have a style similar to Bless the Fall or Emarosa?
What singer or group would you absolutely love to see in a concert, but know you (probably) never will?
What is the history of the band Pink Floyd?
What are some famous rock songs about war?
What are some bands similar to August Burns Red?
Who were the best 90s punk rock bands?
What is the title of the Irish-style rock song from The Departed, and who performs it?
What is the best Riverside album?
I heard a classic rock song today but couldn't get the name of it. All I can remember from the lyrics is "I am nowhere, it's true. I guess" and I am not %100 sure of it. What is the song with this lyrics?
Who was Rock Hudson's lover?
Which is the best 1d song ever?
What are any good classic rock shows happening in the South Florida area?
What are some bands that are similar to The Kooks?
What are some bands that are similar to Creed?
What are the best deathcore albums?
How much does it cost to mount a rock and roll tour? How many people does it employ?
What is a foliated rock?
What are bands that are similiar to 311?
Who is Zakk Wylde?
Why is David Bowie so amazing and beloved by many?
Where can I find links to some good rock/metal/classical Indian/others (maybe even trance) covers for Shiva Tandav Stotram?
Why are rock music songs so short in length nowadays?
What are bands similar to Cake?
What styles can show that I listen to the 80s classic rock?
What should you wear to a rock concert in the winter?
Is the Fletcher Memorial Home (Pink Floyd) so called as a reference to Rogers' dad?
What are some ideas for punk rock outfits?
Which is better, The Strokes or The Libertines?please compare in music talent,lyrics,commercial success,music influences,etc.
What are current music movements/scenes that have emerged and sustained in the late 00's to 2010's?
What are some bands like Marilyn Manson?
What are the best Pink Floyd instrumentals?
What does the lyrics of Roads Untraveled by Linkin Park mean?
What do you like about the band Paramore?
My girlfriend said that if she had lived in the '80s, she would have most likely been a groupie of rock band. Is this alarming? Should I panic?
What are some bands similar to MGMT?
What are some good acoustic rock bands?
How do I watch David Bowie's diamond dogs live show from 1974?
What is the greatest rock band in the Spanish language ?
Who did the original sample for the the song "They Reminisce Over You" by Pete Rock and CL Smooth?
What rock song has the lyrics "sha la la"?
From a purely technical standpoint, how do American rock vocalists like Freddie Mercury, Axl Rose or Bruce Springsteen compare to Indian playback legends like Kishore Kumar, Md Rafi or Manna Dey?
What are some good Australian metalcore bands?
What are the best Ingrid Michelson songs?
What are the best rock songs about depression?
What are some bands like Whitechapel?
What are some of the best songs for twerking?
What is it like to be in a Christian rock band?
What are some of Tyrese's best songs?
What are the best bands from the 1950s?
Why is rock a fad in indiab?
What are the lyrics to "Old Time Rock and Roll" by Bob Seger?
What are some bands like Vampire Weekend?
Which band is better and why: Rage Against the Machine, Soundgarden or Audioslave?
Why did Kurt Cobain committed suicide?
What do Christians think of Christian rock bands?
What is the meaning of Pink Floyd's song Comfortably Numb?
Which is the best Baraat band in Mumbai?
What are some bands like Passion Pit?
As native English speakers, if you heard a rock band called Planish, wouldn't the name sound odd?
What is the Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock song about sunshine and rain? What does it mean?
What's your opinion on the setup below?
What are some sad alternative rock break-up songs?
What bands are similiar to Radiohead?
What are the best "oldies" rock songs?
Which song is on your mind these days and you are so much in love with it?
What are some examples of bands who play hard core rock?
What kind of person Kurt Cobain was? I am curious to know how did he act in day to day stuffs. How he interacted with people in his life or people who come across him.
What are some bands similar to Iron Maiden?
Why are so many Rolling Stones songs blues-based?
What are some rock and metal pieces for saxophones?
What bands are considered alternative-punk hybrids?
What are some suggestions of good Italian rock songs?
What are some good Nepali rock songs to start with?
What are some bands that are similar to Chevelle?
What are some bands like Megadeth?
Did Bob Dylan do anything good after the 60s? Is he over-rated?
What are some dubstep rock remixes?
What kind of production is held in a hard rock show from the lighting to the pyrotechnics and to the speakers?
What are bands similar to Blink 182?
What is the status of Die Prizen in rock music?
Is Green Day still an active band, doing concerts, and writing music? If they are, what will they be doing soon?
How close and serious was Led Zeppelin when it came to occult, mysteries and satanic activities?
In the 20th century, most of the biggest pop stars were men and women complained about it. In the 21st century, most of the biggest pop stars are women and why aren't the men complaining?
Who is your favorite drummer ever working with Frank Zappa?
What are bands similar to The Shins?
What classic bands inspired today's modern punk bands?
What is the meaning of 'Country Song' by Pink Floyd?
Is it true that you don't need to use vibrato, riffs nor runs to sing rock?
Did Led Zeppelin really nick songs?
What do American musicians think about Brazilian rock?
What are some good rock songs with or by Lil Wayne?
What are the best unknown bands?
Why is Pink Floyd better when you are high?
What are Prince Royce's best songs and why?
What are the best alternative bands of all time?
What are the best songs about finding yourself?
What are some trippy bands?
Does this band and all their songs grow on you over time as a Pink Floyd fan?
What are some bands similar to Arctic Monkeys?
What are the best covers of Marilyn Manson?
What are Slightly Stoopid's best songs?
What are the best hardcore metal bands?
Which band is better: Green Day or blink-182?
What were the most popular soft rock hits from the 1990s?
Who are all the members of the band Fort Minor?
What are the best books for drummers?
What are some bands similar to Sum 41 and Blink-182?
How do you dress as a rock star for Halloween?
What are the best psychobilly bands?
What are some bands that are similar to Green Day?
What are some bands similar to Evanescence?
Why was Ozzy Osbourne the best Black Sabbath singer?
Which are the best classic rock bands?
What is Parametic's best album?
Which are the best hardcore/screamo bands in 2015?
What are the best songs from the Misfits soundtrack?
What are some bands that have a similar singing style as Seether?
Is Warpaint's "Undertow" a wink to Lush's song of the same name?
What, in your opinion, are the worst rock songs ever written?
Which modern band is the most like Led Zeppelin?
Why does Daniel Landström keep asking what Jimi Hendrix thought about this band and that band? Didn't Hendrix say that he lost his mind and missed it most?
What sets Tool's music apart from other rock music by similar groups?
What types of bands and singers are classified in the "oldies rock" genre?
Why does In The End — Linkin Park, 2001 have so many playcounts on Spotify?
What songs would make up a set list that a 90s alt rock cover band would love playing?
What are some tips for playing drums live for the first time?
How large were Jimi Hendrix's hands?
What are the best songs by Issues?
Who are the most famous rock & roll singers?
Who's a better guitar player and a musician: John Mayer or John Butler?
What are some bands that are like the group Animals As Leaders?
What are the names of all of Pink Floyd's albums?
What are some great progressive songs that can be compared with Echoes (Pink Floyd)?
How do you describe orchestral rock as a music genre?
What are the best songs to show off new speakers?
Who are "The Wanted" band members?
What are the best Led Zeppelin tattoos?
What are some good english hip hop songs?
What band would you want to make a rock opera?
Who are some of the founding bands of the alternative style?
Do you believe in Rock n Roll?
Which bands or artists today can be defined as being corporate rock?
What is a list of all of Pantera's songs?
What are some bands like Matchbox 20?
Iron Maiden is playing since 1975 and the new album "The Book of Souls" is coming up in the 4th of September. Can there be any better band in the history of metal?
Could one make a gorgeous Bob Dylan selection album from his 1978-1993 albums?
Who are some other female vocalists in rock with a powerful voice like Grace Slick?
What are some pop/rock songs that are deceptively hard to sing?
I love Mötley Crüe music. What would be a similar music band?
Who in your opinion were the most influential rock musicians since 1980?
What are the most popular Radiohead songs?
What are Emaculent's best songs?
What are some ideas to dress like a rock star?
What genre would you classify Pink Floyd as?
What are the best Led Zeppelin lyrics?
What is the story behind the evolution of punk into subgenres such as hardcore?
Who was the best drummer in the Beatles?
How popular and/or well known is Van Halen in England?
Music: What caused the change in the music industry? Why are there no more bands like Led Zeppelin, The Doors, The Beatles, etc.?
What does Heart (band) mean by the using of the word mashallah in their song?
Are there any rock bands that perform in a similar style to One Republic?
Who is Stevie Nicks from School of Rock?
What do audio professors think of rock/heavy metal?
What are the best bands with long names?
Who is the most overrated/underrated rock vocalist?
What is the greatest band in the history of the world?
Best era for live dead? I've always been a spring/summer '77 fan,  but getting back into early '70s, it's hard not to love the pigpen sound- more raw and bluesey and (should I say)  rock. Really digging 6/10/73 tonight,  and curious where other heads come down on this. Any 80s fans at all?
What genre is Green Day a part of?
Has Bryan Adams ever met Ryan Adams?
Why do metal bands dissaprove of punk and alternative bands?
What are some fun songs to play drums to?
What are the moments in history that changed rock and roll?
What are some bands like Alice in Chains?
What is Pink Floyd?
What are some bands similar to Fleet Foxes?
What are the most popular ambient bands?
What would make the perfect 10 song set list for a 90's alt rock cover band?
What songs have great guitar solos?
Was Atom Heart Mother ever performed live by Pink Floyd?
What are the best rock covers of pop songs?
Who's better - Nirvana or Pearl Jam?
What are the best Spanish punk bands?
What are some bands that every indie and alternative rock fan should know?
I want to build a 50+ song playlist for my 11 year old daughter that includes essential, but accessible, music from the past 50 years or so. Think: Beatles, Stones, Doors, Eagles, etc on up. What bands/albums/tracks strike a balance between definitive + engaging and child-friendly?
What are some good death metal bands?
What are some thoughts on Pink Floyd breaking up?
What are some bands like Pantera?
What is the meaning of the Aerosmith song "Dream On"?
What are the top Reggaeton songs of all time?
What are some bands like New Found Glory?
What are the best rock songs about betrayal?
Why do most of the great rock bands originate in Britain and not in the USA?
What are some of the saddest prog rock songs?
Are rock stars and other musicians more likely to get cancer because of their lifestyle?
What is a groupie?
Which is the best Indian rock band? (English or Hindi)
What are the best British alternative bands?
What are the best scene bands?
What are some bands like Three Days Grace?
What are some bands similar to Weezer?
How important is the expression pedal for a rock guitarist?
In your opinion, what are the best basslines?
Why is Axl Rose called aka Bill Bailey, and what does aka mean?
How would you rate my voice on this song?
What is special about Marilyn Manson eyes?
What are some great modern rock love songs?
What is wrong with my hi-hat on my acoustic kit?
What are some bands similar to Sublime?
What are some bands similar to Bring Me the Horizon?
What is the time signature in the Pink Floyd song "Money"?
What band reunions were great to happen?
What are some bands like Joy Division?
What are bands similar to Foster the People?
What are some other bands like Cage the Elephant?
What are some underrated female rock bands?
What qualifies as "old school" rock n' roll?
What message is Pink Floyd's song "Another Brick in the Wall" making about formal education?
Did K-pop boy bands take the androgynous looks and attitudes from visual kei (Japanese scene of rock music)?
What are some bands like Parkway Drive?
What are some good screamo bands?
What are the best modern funk bands?
What rock bands are similar to Fleetwood Mac?
Is there a story behind the Led Zeppelin angel?
How did Led Zeppelin form as a band?
Are there any bands that have a similar singing style to Black Veil Brides?
Why did Led Zeppelin quote Shakespeare ("all that glitters is gold") in Stairway to Heaven?
What is Deep Purple's best album?
What is appealing and influential in Yoko Ono's music?
What are the best songs by The Cranberries?
What are the differences between hard rock and heavy metal?
What is a good set list for a classic rock cover band?
What are the best alternative rock bands actively producing music in 2015?
Are Pink Floyd and the Beatles similar bands?
What bands are similar to Asking Alexandria?
What is the response of the Foo Fighters to the request of the Rocking 1000?
Who was the song "Wish You Were Here" by Pink Floyd written about and what is the deeper meaning of it?
Is Oasis a good band?
How are AC/DC regarded in their native Australia according to demographic?
What are some popular 80s rock ballads?
What are the 5 all-time best lyrics for rock songs?
What are some bands that sound similar to Kings of Leon?
How did the Grateful Dead determine their set list for the Fare Thee Well tour?
Can a computer differentiate sentimental music from rock music using signal processing?
Why do people associate Marilyn Manson with Satanism?
I love to listen to slow/romantic/sad/hip-hop-rock Punjabi songs. What are some suggestions?
What are some top instrumental-only bands?
What are the best songs by Audioslave?
What happened to classic rock style like those of AC/DC, Steppenwolfe or Scorpion?
Music Videos: What's the name of the rock song that has a music video where the band sings in a clock tower?
What are somes bands similar to Breaking Benjamin?
What are the lyrics of "The Quiet Crooks" by Biblical?
Is there still a stigma attached to rock music in China?
What are the top 20 rock songs from the 80s?
Why don't people listen to rock music anymore?
Which modern rock bands (formed after the mid 90s) are destined for Hall of Fame status?
Who are the best black doom metal bands?
What are some good Deutsche (German) songs?
What are some great rock records that were never released on CD?
Was rock music invented by Americans or British?
What is that high- to low-note glissando-like piano effect often heard in early '50s-style rock 'n' roll songs called?
Is Iron Maiden satanic?
Is there still stigma attached to rock music in Russia?
Is it normal to think that you want to be a rockstar at the age of 21, with pretty much no musical education?
How are the Warped Tour band lineups determined?
Where can I buy Black Veil Brides posters online?
What are some good bands that use dissonance well?
What are some bands like AFI?
What is your favorite musical duo?
What planning decisions are made beforehand on world tours?
Why do people listen to pop music and not metal/rock which has meaningful lyrics?
Is David Bowie's "Heroes" a better song than Foo Fighters "My Hero" and why?
How popular is for KING & COUNTRY among other secular bands?
Who likes the band KISS?
What can I gift to a lover of 70s rock music?
What are the best comedy rock/metal bands?
What are some bands that are like A Day to Remember?
How much is the rivalry or friendship behind the 1990s rock scene with bands like Guns n' Roses, Aerosmith, Bon Jovi, Queen, etc.?
Who are some good music critics similar to Anthony Fantano (The Needle Drop), Piero Scaruffi, and Pitchfork?
Why don't bands use the simple drum setups like in the sixties over the almost arena drums now? I personally think they sound better. Why don't bands think the same?
How does one get perfect stereo with two front-facing speakers and a single subwoofer?
Will a musician, from India, ever make it to the status of Led Zeppelin or The Who? From a place where herd mentality is so rampant?
How successful was the Aesop Rock song None Shall Pass?
What are some rock and roll bands with very unique sounds, and how so?
What are Smash Mouth's best songs?
What is a list of SKA bands?
What are some other bands like Red Hot Chili Peppers and Radiohead?
What are some bands similar to Skindred, Alestorm and Rage Against the Machine?
What are Slipknot's best songs?
How did the band Blink-182 form?
Who are the best underground punk bands performing today? Why?
Are there any other bands like Behold... The Arctopus?
What are some some good earphones for rock/metal music under Rs. 3000?
What genre would you consider the Foo Fighters?
Are there any songs like Fallen Angel or Kryptonite?
What guitar rig set up, including talk box, best replicates Peter Frampton's "Do You Feel Like We Do" on Frampton Comes Alive?
What is the connection between Pink Floyd and Alice in Wonderland?
Which bands/artists/groups have the most dedicated and hardcore fans?
Why did Mark Knopfler stop wearing headbands?
Which electric guitarist has the best, most nuanced vibrato?
Is Johnny Cash country or rock?
Which songs are the most meaningful songs of Linkin Park?
Why did people blame Marilyn Manson for Columbine?
What is the Pearl Jam message board?
Is it possible to sing like Dave Mustaine?
What is a list of some of the best Indian rock or metal collections from Hindu religious mantras?
What are the socio-political origins of punk rock?
What are some good acoustic rock songs?
What first guitar should I get? I'm into indie rock and rock music in general and ideally would like to pay no more than £250. I'm also left handed and was wondering if it's worth learning to play normal guitar or buying a left handed one bearing in mind that there is less selection?
How can I put custom songs on Rock Band?
When did "rock 'n' roll" become "rock music" or just "rock"?
What are some interesting similarities between rock and hip hop music?
How did Elvis Presley impact Rock N Roll music?
Why is Nirvana considered a grunge band?
What are the greatest rock songs of all the time?
Are most of the Silicon Valley programmers arrogant? Are they treated like royalty among non-programmers in the area?
Who were some guitar legends who couldn't read musical notes?
What are your favourite Pearl Jam lyrics?
What are the piano chords for Viva La Vida by Coldplay?
What musicians/bands were obsessed with their technicality?
What are some bands like AC/DC?
Did the Rolling Stones change rock music forever?
What are some good, upbeat, independent rock bands with a traditional indie sound?
What are some facts about Pink Floyd's Comfortably Numb?
Is there such a thing as a Classic Rock historian?
Science is a great part of our reasoning in our daily lives. We assume that it is a product of rock solid evidence. Are there any seemingly rock solid theories that fell in the light of new evidences?
Was the 80s band Great White a one-hit wonder?
What are bands similar to The Fall of Troy?
What are some bands similar to Iron and Wine?
What are criticisms of stoner rock?
Are there subliminal messages in "Stairway to Heaven" by Led Zeppelin?
Who are some of the best underground punk bands of all time? Why?
Is the Rolling Stones song "Mother's Little Helper" known to people who were teenagers after the 1960s?
Statistically speaking, who are greater living rockstars than Kanye West?
How did pop punk originate?
What are some good guitar solos to learn?
What music groups are similar to Dire Straits?
How do people play C'mon Girl by RHCP on bass? More specifically, how do you play that fast?
How does it feel to be a rock star?
What do you think of Linkin Park?
What bands are similar to the Dropkick Murphys?
What are some bands similar to Paramore?
Which band/solo artist will come to embody today's generation, if any?
What are some good old rock songs?
What is the song Champagne Supernova actually about?
What is neo-progressive rock?
Do I have the wherewithal to successfully manage my son's indie rock band?
What classic rock or metal songs should every intermediate guitarist know how to play?
What are the notable German rock songs of all time?
What are some good Pink Floyd wallpapers?
If rock groups/artists were rap groups/rappers, who would be the rap "doppelganger" for each rock group/artist?
Was the term glam metal actually used in the 80s?
Is Marilyn Manson smart?
Are pop and rock music the same?
What are some bands who are similar to Simple Plan?
What is the best era of rock music and why?
What are some good silent songs by hard rock/metal bands like Slipknot and Linkin Park?
Are Manic Street Preachers considered a good band?
Is the greatest run of albums by any band "The Who Sell Out" to "Quadrophenia"?
What are some great Pink Floyd cover bands?
What are the reasons the "Learn to fly- Foo Fighters Rockin1000" video shouldn't be the best video of the year?
While the terms "hair band" and "hair metal" usually refer to '80s bands, was the terms actually used in the '80s, or were they coined in the early '90s?
Is Neil Young's decision to pull his music from streaming platforms simply an attempt to promote his Pono hi-def music player? Is there more to it?
What was the strangest double bill or combination of opening act/main act you've seen?
I like the band Weezer. What are 3-5 other bands I should check out based on that?
What is the meaning of pearl jam?
Why haven't Reznor and Homme collaborated with Mike Patton yet?
What are some other bands like Slightly Stoopid?
What happened to Rock & Roll?
What is it like to see Black Veil Brides in concert?
What are some interesting facts about the band Pink Floyd?
What were the best rock bands of the 1960s?
What are they lyrics to "Pushing me Away" from Linkin Park?
What was the feeling in Camden like in the weeks after Amy Winehouse's death?
What are the best Led Zeppelin songs of all time?
In the song of Pink Floyd "Comfortably Numb," when he says "when I was a child, I caught a fleeting glimpse, out of the corner of my eye." What do you think he saw?
What are your favourite rock bands?
What is Pantera's best album?
What is the logic behind calling BlackHand Bands as "fuck-me bands"?
Where can you find the Red Rock Amphitheatre seating chart?
What are good progressive rock and post-rock bands that I should listen to?
What are some albums that are as great as the ones by the band Tool?
What is the biggest Nirvana fan club?
What is the origin of the phrase "ready Freddie"?
What are some of the best examples of artists writing songs in the style of the Beatles?
Why do people think "Stairway to Heaven" is the best Led Zeppelin song when "In My Time of Dying" beats it by a mile in terms of power and skill?
I really like Porcupine Tree and Pink Floyd. What are some other bands like them?
Why did Ronald Reagan like Bruce Springstein? Did he like him for the wrong reasons?
What are some bands like Tegan and Sara?
What exactly do headbangers do at rock shows?
What is the best country to start a rock band and why?
What is Rahul Dravid's WhatsApp status? Is he a fan of rock music? Which is his favorite band?
What are the greatest hits of Hanoi Rocks?
Is there any future for rock music in India?
What did the video of "Breaking the Habit" from Linkin Park mean?
What are the main differences between the different genres of rock music (i.e. alternative rock, pop rock, blues, psychedelic, etc.)?
Why are rock bands these days so fashionable? What caused this trend?
In the history of music, which periods were the best and worst for an artist to become super famous and why?
What are some pop songs which never come to a cadence with the tonic chord in root position?
What is the best Billy Joel song and why?
Did the Christian rock band Delirious? cover U2's "Pride (In the Name of Love)" or not?
What makes The Replacements so special?
Where can I buy international band (alternative rock) merchandise in India?
What are the economics of a rock concert?
What is your favorite ending track on a pop/rock album?
Why do people hate Billy Corgan?
What topics does alternative rock usually convey and which styles do they use in their lyrics and songwriting generally speaking?
What songs feature the best key changes?
What are the best songs by Nightwish?
How can I be like Jim Morrison?
How can you classify Demi Lovato's best songs?
Have people bought Zeaplus bands?
Which type of music has mostly been sold worldwide? Is it pop, rock, or heavy metal?
What are the other bands similar to Angus and Julia Stone?
What year did Living Color open for Guns n Roses?
How true are the satanic allegations made on the popular song "Stairway to Heaven" by Led Zeppelin?
Is Marie Frekriksson (Roxette) not feeling well?
What is the best song by Andres Calamaro?
What rock artists are similar to Pink Floyd?
How many people agree that Elton John is the greatest rock and roll singer in the whole world?
What are some genuinely interesting and sophisticated rock songs / artists who could get Ethan Hein back into rock music?
Who are reputed to be the nicest musicians in rock music?
Which weekend of the 2015 Rock In Rio US version was more successful: The Hard Rock lineup or the Mainstream Pop lineup?
What did Chuck Berry do differently that made rock 'n' roll a unique musical genre?
Who are some famous rock musicians that are genuine jerks?
Which are some of the best Indian rock singles?
What inspires a band to be just an instrumental band?
Which are some new good metal bands now that are similar to Iron Maiden or Megadeth types?
I have been listening to Emerson, Lake & Palmer (ELP). What are they are reviled over exactly? Why do they receive so much bad press despite having all the positive attributes that a band should have?
What's the first song that David Gilmour sang in Pink Floyd?
What was the scenario in your time when you listened to 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin in 1971?
Where can I buy rock rings online?
What are some good country rock songs?
What are some meaningful hard rock songs?
Why won't they reopen the Kurt Cobain case?
How often do the biggest rock stars/bands practice?
What are some rock and roll bands from the 80s?
Where can I find members for my metal band?
What is the group "All 4 One" best song?
Are there any music major labels in Czech Republic that support English rock music?
Is Marilyn Manson a Satanist?
Where can I buy classic rock t-shirts online in India?
Which are some of the best hard rock singles?
In my opinion the three greatest rock singers of all are Lou Gramm, John Farnham and Paul Rodgers. Do people think the same?
What are some Indie rock bands from India?
Why has Johnny Winter not been inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame?
What are your top 3 songs from Oasis?
Was it seen as a political statement when Lynyrd Skynyrd performed in front of a Confederate flag in the 1970s?
What are some good rock songs released in 2015 other than that of Imagine Dragons?
What are Dennis Rodman's favorite Pearl Jam songs?
What were some famous rock bands in the 1990s?
Which are the upcoming band competitions in Mumbai and Pune?
Who was the rock guitarist that covered Pink Floyd's Money so well?
What is the name of the rock song where the man is blonde and the girl is too?
How would you describe Australia's rock scene?
When making a song for a band with two guitars, a bass, a drummer and a vocalist, what is the best way to approach the creative process?
How is My Bloody Valentine received in their native Ireland?
Do you think that rock music (all sub-genres) is more "appropriate" to express political-social concerns?
Is indie rock pretentious bullshit?
I am a huge rock fan. Unfortunately I missed out on Metallica and the Iron Maidens tour of India. Is there any band coming to India?
What is your favorite Beatles song? And why do you like it?
Does rap belong in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
What are some of the greatest music documentaries ever, mainly about rock bands or some really intense pop artists?
What makes rock songs so powerful and energetic?
Grateful Dead (band): What is the best live version of Black Peter?
What would Led Zeppelin have sounded like during the 80s, 90s, and beyond if Bonham had not died? Would mainstream rock look very different today?
How is post-hardcore music viewed generally speaking?
Are jazz guitarists way better than rock guitarists?
Is Rock Stock the best binary option signal of 2015?
Where does Amyt Datta teach guitar in Kolkata?
What are the lyrics to Louie Louie?
Music doesn't make me do anything. Actually, I'm so surprised there aren't more people like me. Why is this so strange to many people?
Music: Who are great musicians who started relatively late?
Why do we have so few African-American musicians in the rock and metal genres?
If Kanye West is not the greatest living rock star, who do you think is?
Who will be the next Pink Floyd?
As a pop/rock fan, which are some of the must listen songs/bands?
What are the most epic guitar solos written in the 21st century?
What would you classify under "Rock music for intellectual women"?
Which is the most accessible album by the band Neurosis?
What are the best progressive rock albums from 1960's and 70's bands?
What are the best rock concerts that happen in the US?
Approximately how many separate songs are on the playlist of a typical "classic rock" station?
Who was the woman guitarist playing in the band for Bill Withers' induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Which are the main differences and similarities between Metal and Rock, Metalcore and Hardcore?
At the age of 56, how is Per Gessle so active and energetic on stage?
Could you recommend some good Sanskrit rock songs (if there are any)?
When was Elvis Presley first called "The King of Rock 'n' Roll," and by whom?
What are some really good English songs and which website is the best to download it?
Do you think our generation is too much into heavy metal music? Is there any reason to listen to this music other than for head banging? If we need to hear music and lyrics there are much more beautiful songs out there. Why is this?
There is one Indian band named THE UNKNOWNS. Where is this band from?
Who is Sam Roberts?
What is the history of The Faint rock group?
What are some good drum (metal/rock) institutions in Hyderabad to get started from the beginning?
Do older rock stars ever look back at the lyrics that they have written when they were young and think: "What was I thinking when I wrote that"?
Why do the horn section musicians often need sheet music when playing in a band while guitarists, keyboardists, and other musicians do not?
How and when was the band Styx discovered?
What are some songs like Lynyrd Skynyrd's "I Know Little"?
Does Marilyn Manson have a split tongue?
In the years after the rock band Cream disbanded, what exactly was the beef between Ginger Baker and Jack Bruce? Was it about song royalties or something else, too?
What's the quickest way to make a rock band famous and globally known these days?
What is the best Rock Band kit?
Where can I find John Mellencamp bootlegs?
When is Kash Boykin's album coming out?
What bands are similar to The Maine?
What are some intense alternative metal bands?
What is your favorite Black Sabbath album, and why?
What is Stephan Jenkins (Third Eye Blind lead singer) like in real life?
How can I find similar tracks to Mello's theme from "Death Note" that are sort of depressive and show the pain of the character or of a compositor/singer?
What are some good rock pubs in Mumbai?
Would people listen to Punjabi rock?
What '60s artists are considered the greatest of all time?
Who designs posters for Black Veil Brides?
Which pubs in Delhi play primarily 70s 80s rock music like Led Zeppelin, Queen, etc.?
Are there any songs like Centuries and Immortals?
What German rock or folk bands would you recommend?
Were the double fret-boarded guitars of the 70s ever useful or mere showmanship?
Which do you prefer: rock music or rap music? Why?
Which are the solos in the Pink Floyd compositions that are played by Syd Barrett?
What is meant by "We don't need no thought control" in Pink Floyd's song "Another Brick in the Wall"?
What are some well known industrial songs you recommend?
Why do people underestimate the power of Rock N' Roll?
Is Jim Morrison the true legend of rock music?
What are some great rock music playlists on soundcloud?
What would be on a list of the best Buddy Holly songs?
What was Linkin Park's most popular song?
Where did Linkin Park's latest album debut on the Billboards?
Which are the best sites for buying rock/metal/blues t-shirts in India?
Is The Edge a good guitarist?
What are some band suggestions (read details)?
Live Music: Which are the best cities in America for live pop music?
Is Eddie Vedder the best ever rock band vocalist on Earth?
Is Linkin Park getting monotonous with the lyrics of songs they have made recently?
How old would Jimi Hendrix be if he was alive today?
Which is the better version of Pink Floyd's Shine on You Crazy Diamond: 1-5 or 6-9?
Is Linkin Park one of the biggest rock bands ever?
What would Mozart think of Led Zeppelin?
Is there any hope that Tool will release a new album?
What would the actual response of the 1800s society be to music like the 2Cellos or Apocalyptica?
Do mercenaries like classic rock music?
What are some bands that have music like this?
What are some not so popular good artists for slow music similar to Coldplay or Pink Floyd?
When will Pink Floyd tour India?
What are your most anticipated upcoming music albums?
What are the best Zyzz songs?
What direction should new rock oriented bands take?
Is it true that Sergeant Pepper is Aleister Crowley?
What is the best Multi Effects Pedal for my guitar to get that pop punk/punk rock sounds?
Music: If you could create a new sub-genre of metal, what would it be?
What's the originality of this remix?
What are the most disturbing/explicit/downright nasty song lyrics you've ever seen?
Which is the best song of DJ Zedd?
Which rock band has been the best in the past decade?
I'm creating a playlist called "Rock is not dead". What are some suggested songs?
How popular is U2 in Ireland?
What are your thoughts on Audio Adrenaline's new album?
Is there a video on You Tube of Jimi Hendrix performing All Along the Watchtower?
What is the difference between the current day rock, alt-rock, and indie rock?
What is the best pop and rock band in South East Asia?
Where can I listen to a live performance of Sleep's 'Dopesmoker'?
Who is Elvis?
What are the best psychedelic rock songs and how do they effect our mind?
What were the other bands as good as Pink Floyd, Beatles, The Doors, Queen, Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath, but that not had the same media exposure?
What do you think about this band?
How is the traffic at BottleRock, Napa?
Have you ever heard the band White Birch?
What music band are the guys in the picture part of?
What was the first rock band in the world?
Are there any bands like Kent in Norwegian?
Was Queen the best band ever, if not, what's wrong with you?
Are Keyboardists required in bands now?
What are some good modern rock songs to play at a house party?
Why has Rolling Stone shuffled around its "100 greatest guitarists" list so much and changed the write-ups about the guitarists?
Is Queen underrated?
Is there any Android developer in Pune who is very much into music, preferably rock?
What do you think about this new Indian rock band?
Rock and Roll Music: What was it like to watch John Bonham play "Moby Dick" live?
Do you think rock is dead, or has it evolved?
What is the band The Melodic influenced by?
If I am writing a community play and want different styles of a classic rock song (turn it into jazz), do I pay a fee? Who do I contact?
How do you interpret the lyrics of the song Sorrow by Pink Floyd?
Do you feel that metal and rock music culture from a critical and harsh standpoint just represents a group of disgruntled and disaffected men and everyone else who feels the same?
Which is the Pink Floyd song that keeps referencing "I"?
What are some bands similar to Muse?
What are some short rock 'n' roll hair?
What is the most offensive album title you know of?
Is it necessary to use a booster pedal to increase the volume of my guitar during solos?
How do I become a better rock singer?
Who plays drums on the album version of Steve Miller's "Take the Money and Run"?
What is your favorite Pearl Jam song and why?
What could be a good rock song to dedicate to my batchmate?
What are some guitar pickups for rock?
Why are most metal songs written in E Minor?
What rock/pop singers had formal vocal lessons?
Do the Rolling Stones really like touring?
Why do people hate Creed so much?
Who are the best female rock vocalist today?
Which are the best rock & metal vocals academies in Mumbai?
How does Anamanaguchi achieve the timbres of their recordings with rock instruments in a live set up?
What are some of the best modern rock bands today?
How is blues different from metal and rock?
Can you all suggest an electric guitar within 30k for playing the metal and rock genre?
Would you rather play the electric guitar or the drums for a rock band?
What are easy guitar solos?
What are the best Christian rock songs about grace and forgiveness?
Most of the alt-rock songs are mostly played in major or minor scale and use chords from that scale. What scale is used for other genres like rock and blues?
Why has Green Day been nominated in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame before Black Flag?
What are some of the best progressive rock bands/music from 1960s & 70s?
What is the best interpretation of Brain Damage/Eclipse by Pink Floyd?
Which music albums had tremendous success on one side of the Atlantic Ocean but not the other?
What is your favorite band that no one has heard of?
What Canadian power-rock trifecta covered the teen-pop cult classic Not Fade Away?
What is the music genre that features in Michael Jackson's 'Give in to me' from 3:40-3:50 played by a solo on the guitar?
What subculture or subgenre of music has a tendency to negatively view any expression or opinion of progress and positivity?
Will Metallica ever come back to India?
Do you think there are similarities between a guitar solo and a dubstep drop/electronic music in general?
What are some suggested songs by famous classic rock bands that are relatively unknown but are really good?
Why do hard rock and metal music not appear on TV?
How has the 80s rocker chick look come in and out of style?
What are some examples of modern experimental rock music?
Which (according to you) is the best band ever?
What is a popular pop-rock band around 2003-2004 with a frontman singer whose first name was Dan?
I've been playing 4/4 for the longest time and I think it's time I should change that. How can I start writing progressive metal/rock, etc.?
Where should I go to college to help my music career (read description)?
What would be the general perspective of classical musicians towards rock music (especially in its rawest form, not progressive rock or fusion)?
What are the Rolling Stones' best slow songs?
What is the latest trend in rock music?
What are some bands similar to Deftones?
What is the most popular song by the Black Veil Brides?
Why isn't Pearl Jam as famous as bands like Nirvana and Metallica?
What rock stars today publicly practice the rock n' roll excess of the Zeppelin, Who heydey? (Smashing guitars, trashing hotels, etc.)
What are some songs with easy guitar solos?
Can anyone suggest songs similar to The Gutterdogs?
Why isn't rock music received well in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana?
How will U2 adapt their live shows now that Bono is unable to play guitar?
Where can I listen to Stanley Jordan's Stairway to Heaven?
What do you think are the top 20 best albums of the 1980s?
Is Pink Floyd still popular?
Does the movie "The Wall - Pink Floyd" by Alan Parker touch you somehow?
Why is "I'm Not Gonna Miss You" Glen Campbell's last song?
How does Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band of The Beatles affect the world of music, especially rock?
What are five specific rock albums that everyone should know about? What makes them important?
Is The Doors' Robby Krieger considered a great guitarist?
Why does Dark Side of the Moon never die?
How is Tame Impala live in concert?
What makes a song popular for you, the lyrics of the song or the melody?
What do the best Fuel songs have in common?
What if AC/DC music band never existed?
Besides Stevie Ray Vaughan, who are some great interpreters of Jimi Hendrix' music?
What percentage of recording artists who achieved gold record status in the last 40 years died under the age of 50?
Why do so many adults hate hip hop music based on the subject matter when their rock music consisted of the same thing?
Are there covers of Allman Brothers Band's song Soulshine?
What are some good rock and metal songs?
Is the guitar and the modern rock genre killing music?
What was Frank Zappa's shoe size?
Which are the current trends in the American rock scene?
What could have been of Mother Love Bone if Andy Wood was still alive?
Who are the top 10 greatest guitarists of all time?
I'm new to music. What are some suggestions of good rock bands/songs to listen to?
Is Jerry Garcia singing lead vocals in the Grateful Dead song "Touch Of Grey?"
What makes Elliott Smith's music so powerful to you?
What are the best progressive rock bands of India?
Do you prefer Portishead or Radiohead? What do you think of each band? What about Pink Floyd?
What group did "Suspicious Minds" first?
What are some band names for an alternative rock band?
Are there any progressive rock bands from mainland China?
What are the pop/rock albums that put you in a good mood?
What are some interesting songs about nostalgia and childhood? Why are they interesting?
What are some of the top classic rock songs?
How many albums has David Bowie sold?
What does the Linkin Park song 'Robot Boy' mean?
What's still rebellious about punk rock?
Where can you play loud punk rock in Los Angeles?
What is the greatest upset in metal that you have heard of?
Who will rock today, RCB or Kings XI?
How do I start making music?
What are some cool apps that can be used in a music performance show?
What can the salary of a rock tour manager be?
What are the best non-English rock songs?
What are some of the great Christian bands which are way better than other secular bands but not so popular?
What are BOTDF's best songs?
Why are Irshad Kamil's lyrics (in Rockstar) not as respected as Eminem's in India?
Which type of rock music to play on a guitar is the best to impress girls?
What pop songs remind you of children's lullabies?
Why is there no scope for Hindi grunge rock music in India?
What are some of the best rock and metal songs collection?
What are the least and most metal countries in the world respectively?
What are some good bands related to Three Days Grace Papa Roach and Breaking Benjamin that make songs primarily hard rock like these bands?
What are the best jazz guitar scales to lay on top of blues or rock progressions?
I'd like to learn more about the evolution of rock and pop music from about the 1950s or so to the present day. What are some good book or website resources?
What are some great slow, sad and beautiful rock songs?
What are the best songs on the DBZ Kai soundtrack?
What bands are like System of a Down without being derivative?
How would you rank the albums of R.E.M., from best to worst?
What is the best song of Jacques Brel?
How do I write beautiful/meaningful rock lyrics?
What are some good electronic or rock artists who use Spanish lyrics?
What kinds of awesome settings can you suggest for a Roland Micro Cube guitar amplifier?
Which real-life band is most similar to Spinal Tap?
Why is the band for "Fare Thee Well" being called the Grateful Dead?
Live Music: What are some of the best cities to listen to live music (jazz, blues, rock, etc.) in clubs?
What is so special about Stairway to Heaven?
What are the best songs about the US?
What is the best Green Day (rock band) cover photo for Facebook with some quote on it?
As an Rock and Blues Enthusiastic, I want to attend one of the Rock Festivals of North East. Can someone who has attended same before, give some valuable tips about it?
What should we name our next melodic death metal album? (Read Description)
What if The Beatles were an American band?
What band produced the most fans, Oasis or Blur?
How does a rock song look in a partiture?
How would you rank the albums of Pink Floyd?
Do you like American rock bands?
What was it like to hear the new breakthrough music 1965-1970 for the first time?
Why did U2 compare Radiohead's two albums OK Computer and Kid A?
What are the progressive rock solos you must practice to be a progressive lead guitarist?
When is the new RHCP album coming up?
Are there any songs that just slam religious people and are anti-religious?
Bob Dylan (musician): What does this amazing sentence mean to you?
I'm going to enter into the local battle of the bands. What can my band do to increase its odds of winning the competition?
What bands influenced the Sex Pistols?
How could I enjoy a rock music history trip in London?
What makes a song rock?
What are the best songs for subs?
What is the greatest riff by Jimi Hendrix?
Are there any other songs by Pink Floyd like Cluster one and Marooned (Just Piano and guitar)?
What is the best song ever that can be heard anytime, any number of times, and still can be listened to again?
Who is the lead guitarist for Pink Floyd?
Do you know any interesting songs that give original and interesting metaphors either in their titles or in the lyrics?
What are some 2 word band names for a hippy bluesy rock band?
What do you feel is the best symphonic metal band?
Are there more emotionally similiar songs like those in the albums of "Linkin Park"?
Is there any dive bar/lounge in Seattle that plays only rock music?
Who are the less known glam/hair metal bands worth listening to?
What are some songs like Jackson Browne - Sky Blue and Black?
Do you know any interesting pop songs / rock songs that are clearly about Israel?
Are there any metal rock bars or pubs in Bangalore?
What should I wear to an alt rock concert?
What is the most badass/rebellious music today?
Is B.B. King the greatest blues guitarist ever?
Why do The Heartbreaks and Linkin Park blend so well?
What are your favourite metal songs of all time?
Who's responsible for the guitar riffs and solos in Moby's/Joy Division's New Dawn Fades?
What are the best new Linkin Park songs?
What are some rare facts about Jim Morrison?
What are Big & Rich's best songs?
Who is the lead vocalist for every song on the Grateful Dead album American Beauty?
How does punk rock relate to the DIY ethic?
What is it like to be a Coldplay fan?
People from the Elvis Presley era, the 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s, how do you feel about the music of today?
What are the best ska bands?
Do rock stars like Bret Michaels have any skills that would get them a job if they weren't famous?
Who is singing the lead vocals on the Grateful Dead song "Sugar Magnolia''?
Does anybody find Papa Roach the worst violent heavy metal band in music history?
What is a list of the best songs from Disney Channel?
How can I cover a guitar clinic on my blog?
Do any contemporary artists play surf rock?
What are some upbeat rap songs about raping someone whether it be hidden or blatantly obvious?
What are the best songs on Queen's Ballads album?
What equipment is favored by deathcore bands?
Me and my melodeath band just started writing our new album today. I haven't told them, but I think we should include a song cover as a bonus track on a special edition. What are some suggestions?
Why do people consider Coldplay to be a rock band?
What happened to Linkin Park?
What is the musical term for the melody in a song being in one scale or mode while the accompaniment is in a different one?
How would you rank the albums of Led Zeppelin, from best to worst?
What are some great bands that have "disappeared" with no announcement?
What was the loudest rock concert ever?
What are the boundaries of punk rock?
Why is Jethro Tull not in the Rock 'N Roll Hall of Fame?
What is a list of the best songs by Kings of Leon?
What are some good French psychedelic rock artists?
What are some classical pieces or opera songs that have been covered by classic rock bands? I can think of Alabama Song (originally from a German opera) and Albinoni's Adagio in G Minor by the Doors, and Bouree by Jethro Tull. Any others?
What albums did Roger Waters record with Pink Floyd and which albums did Syd Barrett record?
Is The Calling still together as a band?
Is there a continuity of tradition from European puritan ideals to US conservatives' hostility to new music styles like jazz, rock and rap?
Is classical music superior to other genres like pop or rock?
Which headphones should I buy if I am getting all at the same price?
Is there any connection between Apollo Butterfly and Eclipse by Pink Floyd?
Who should be in the shortlist for the female vocalist of the century (last 100 years)?
What are the top post-rock/post-metal, neo-folk bands in your opinion?
Why is "Astronomy Domine" considered one of the best Pink Floyd's songs?
Are the Beatles the greatest band ever?
Why is Eric Clapton nicknamed "Slowhand"?
When they started out, were the Foo Fighters considered a "supergroup"?
What are some good music bands that are similar to Linkin Park?
Why is it that we can't switch our impression to be positive in the way that new rock bands should be given a chance to rock the world like Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd have done? Why is it really hard to stop listening to old classicals at all?
What are some examples of great musicians who don't know much about music theory?
What are some examples of upbeat and downbeat rock songs?
Is there a difference between New Wave and New Romantic?
How did Led Zeppelin manage to play "When the Levee Breaks" live?
Is there any possibility that Pearl Jam or Audioslave will ever perform in India?
Logic Pro (OS X app): Why is 120 BPM (beats per minute) a popular tempo for pop and rock songs?
What is a song that is popular with a large number of Americans but which I have never heard of?
Which are the best rock songs of the sixties and seventies?
How can someone identify whether the genre of a music piece is blues, rock or pop?
Was the album "The Bends" by Radiohead recorded on analog tape?
Who are the "arena rock" stars of today?
Where can I find the starting rock music before the Tum Hi Ho live performance of Arijit Singh?
What are the top 10 rock bands in India?
Is punk rock more or less popular now than in the 70s?
Is the promoting of various artists such as Miley Cyrus, Kanye West, Toby Keith, Five Finger Death Punch and Napalm Death part of many signs of America's imminent downfall?
Is Oasis a cheap copy of the Beatles?
When we are easily moved by music, are we always moved by the same chords in different arrangements?
What artists could be considered the Pink Floyd of country music?
What are some good Christian rock bands?
Who are the top 10 rock bands of all time?
What are some of the offbeat places for a tourist to visit in New York City and the surrounding areas like Boston?
Who is the most inspirational musician ever?
Is EDM today culturally what Rock music was in 60's and 70's?
My favourite rock music is Oasis and I also love Nirvana, My Chemical Romance, The Beatles, David Bowie, The Cure, Guns N Roses, Bullet For My Valentine, Noel Gallagher, Arctic Monkeys, Kasabian, etc. What other music may I like?
What would've happened if Alice In Chains had brought on Dave Mustaine after Layne Staley's passing? (Thus uniting grunge and thrash)
What is the safest way to sing with distortion?
What do Americans think about the band U2?
Is Green Day overrated? Is it considered punk rock?
Are the English youth, especially those from the north, trying to abandon the legacy of the great British bands of the 1960s, like the Beatles and the Rolling Stones?
Is it odd that everytime I hear classic rock I picture mercenaries?
On Saosin's recent reunion tour with Anthony Green, did Anthony sing Cove Reber's songs?
Which is the most educated band of musicians?
What is it like to go on a "Virgin Rockstar Service Vacation"?
What are the best Fishmans songs?
Why hasn't Megadeth been inducted into the Rock and Roll hall of fame despite being one of the 'Big Four'?
Rock versus metal, what's your pick and why?
Do you think Linkin Park and Eminem collaborate?
How did bands record demos in the 1980s?
What artists could be considered the Pink Floyd of reggae music?
What are the instruments played in the song "Nobody Home" from Us and Them - Symphonic by Pink Floyd?
Music: Which current bands are similar to Led Zeppelin?
I just started listening to rock/blues. What are some recommendations?
What is Ringo Starr's best post-Beatles album?
Would INXS have been as big as U2?
What is the meaning of Pink Floyd's song "Careful With That Axe, Eugene"?
Is " Stairway to Heaven" by Led Zeppelin the greatest rock ballad ever?
How can rock stars lead a dissipated life and be virtuosi at the same time?
Are rocks found deep within the earth's core inevitably older than rocks found on the surface?
Which nightclubs in Kiev are hotspots for hearing either live rock music or a good DJ playing EDM?
Is Coldplay the best rock band in the world currently? Where do One Republic and Imagine Dragons stand in this respect?
Who do you think would win in a guitar battle between Herman Li and Steve Ouimette?
How do rock bands record backward subliminal messages on their songs?
As a beginner guitar player interested more in classical music or Indian rock music, what are some songs that I should listen to?
What songs should be retired for all time?
What were the most dysfunctional bands?
Is the beginning tune of song Aaromale (from Vinnaithandi Varuvaya in Tamil and Ek Deewana Tha in Hindi) inspired from Pink Floyd's Wish You Were Here? Also does it mean it's copied?
What are some recommendations on some good Indie rock bands?
What are punk rock lyrical tropes?
What 70s hard rock/metal internet radio station would you recommend?
Was Van Morrison drunk during his 1978 performance with The Band, recorded in "The Last Waltz"?
Which older band does Coldplay remind you of?
Is 'The House of Rising Sun' the best song ever?
Have the Rolling Stones outstayed their usefulness?
How can I get into math rock?
How did Pink Floyd became the most influential band in human history?
What artists could be considered the Pink Floyd of tango music?
What kind of guitar is used by Rock Band Boston?
What are some good rock or metal bands that use violin extensively?
How did The Beatles come up with the title "A Hard Day's Night"?
What is the meaning of the song "White Rabbit" by Jefferson Airplane?
Is 6 songs enough for a band's first EP?
What are some good rock bands similar to Ashes Remain?
Which is the best heavy metal/thrash metal rock song of all time?
I've just begun listening to classic rock. What are some recommendations?
Why did Eric Clapton move from the Les Paul to the Stratocaster?
What is the significance of Pink Floyd's triangular prism?
How do musicians in a band, especially in a metal band protect their ears from getting damaged?
Is Brand New's, 'Jesus' the best song ever written by one song-writer?
What is one of your favorite Radiohead songs, and why?
How would you differentiate different genres like pop, R&B, jazz and rock?
Did Kurt Cobain like The Black Crowes?
Why is punk rock not popular anymore?
Why is David Grohl the best drummer or musician ever?
What effect pedals does Dave Gilmour use on the new Pink Floyd album, Endless River?
What Elvis Presley track is regarded as the most emotional?
What are some good modern music or some cool bands from Germany?
Why hasn't Warren Zevon been inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame?
Is it always preferable for a vocalist to sing as loudly as possible? Please read details.
Looking at music bands or artists, it seems there are mostly male performers. Even in the last decades. Why?
Who are some of the best musicians of India?
Where is Dweezil Zappa?
What has happened to the RDB band? How is Manj Musik associated with this? Who is Nindy Kaur?
What current artist sounds most like Led Zeppelin?
What are the most inappropriate songs to play at an elementary school?
Why aren't metal and rock popular like they used to be?
What are some happy California rock bands?
Which songs by Spinal Tap feature the funniest bad guitar solos?
What are your favourite Pink Floyd Albums?
Is rock music immature?
Which is the best book that gives the insight of rock n roll history?
Why was music that was played with a guitar, bass and drums called rock music in the 60s-80s but suddenly started getting called alternative in the 90s? And why did 'alt' guitar/bass/drums music start getting called 'indie' in the 2000s?
What are your top 25 classic rock songs of all time?
I'm 18 now. Can I pursue my dream of becoming a great rock guitarist?
What is the correct term for the music that started out as "rock and roll" (please read question details)?
What are you classified as if you like rock, punk, pop, and classical music?
What are the original positions for the memory toy trimpots?
What is the song Third Eye from the band Tool about?
Why does the general Indian audience not like Hindi hard rock songs?
Anathema is a progressive rock band from Liverpool. Can someone suggest me another brilliant band like Anathema?
In general, how early do you need to show up at the venue if you want to be in the front row of a Linkin Park concert?
Which band is your favourite among The Beatles, Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin, The Doors, Metallica, Black Sabbath, Queen or The Rolling Stones?
Is there a good rock 'n' roll radio station in the Vancouver, BC/Sea to Sky area?
Why are there not as many British musicians charting on the Billboard Hot 100 as there used to be in the 80s and 60s?
Where can I find Grateful Dead tickets?
What made Angus Young more popular than Malcolm Young?
Who is Mr. Mustard?
Fall Out Boy (band): Why did Fall Out Boy deform in 2009?
What are names of good soft rock solo artists whose names start with J?
What are some easy to learn rock songs with drums in the 8th notes?
What would popular music be like today if there had been no large African-American community in the USA?
How can we let Linkin Park visit India?
What is it like to become a 40+ year old rock star?
Where can I find music like "Blood Sugar"?
Why aren't hard rock or punk rock songs widely popular anymore?
When did rock 'n' roll truly die? Was it after Led Zeppelin quit or Nirvana?
I just got into rock music. Are there any bands you recommend?
What happened in the US that resulted in a drastic drop in rock culture?
Which are the best rock bands ever?
How much would it cost per person to attend a Linkin Park concert?
Why do I always go to heaven whenever I listen to Stairway to Heaven?
How are Kohl and rock stars related?
What would be Linkin Park's next album after Hunting Party and when will it be released?
How are the proceeds from a typical rock concert split between the headlining band, opening band, producer, sound and light crew, venue, and record label?
What are some great musicians like Joe Bonamassa? What are some of their songs with both great solos and chord progressions?
Which is your favorite - Pink Floyd (1960s), Queen, Metallica, or Led Zeppelin?
Why do people nowadays listen more to EDM and pop music rather than rock/metal?
Where should I practice with my band?
Why did the first wave of heavy rock bands become progressively less heavy?
How can I know if a song is pop or rock?
Nick Reinhart, who were your influences when you made Tera Melos' first album (untitled)?
How do I decorate a rock band room?
What are the best songs to sample?
Why has Post-Punk music dropped in popularity over the past 10 years?
Neil Young sang 'rock and roll can never die' but would you agree that rock is dead?
What are some great tracks by Dire Straits?
What is the reason for the name "The Doors" for the band The Doors?
Why was Queen (band) not as famous as The Beatles were?
What are the best musical performances at Jools Holland show?
Do musicians in all sorts of bands and orchestras (rock, big band, symphony) hear a distortion of the music while playing as they are in the middle of the action?
How should I advise bands similar to Skillet, Three Days Grace, Breaking Benjamin, Papa Roach, Thousand Foot Krutch, Amaranthe, and Dead By April?
What are the most respected American metal/big hair rock bands?
What's King Crimson's best song?
What is the style of singing in Pink Floyd's The Great Gig In the Sky and the Pompeii version of Saucerful of Secrets (when David Gilmour sings at the end) called?
What is Bruce Springsteen's album "Greetings from Asbury Park" and its songs about?
What do you think the next Guns and Roses album will sound like?
How expensive/difficult is it to get an FM frequency for noncommercial music radio in a small to midsize city?
What is any critical acclaim of the band Pink Floyd?
What was the Guns n' Roses song writing process?
What do you know about the rock band, Nine Days?
Is OneRepublic a pop group or an alt. rock band?
How does my rock band become successful?
What is the best guitar amp head for alternative rock, classic rock, blues, and progressive rock?
What does the Linkin Park song 'In The End' mean?
Who are the best rock bands in Pune and where can I catch them live?
What are the differences between a "motif", a "lick" and a "riff"?
How influential was the band KISS?
What is the hardcore-punk relationship to the dominant culture?
What is the story behind the U2 song With or Without You?
Is there a good biography of Freddie Mercury?
Is Led Zepplin the antichrist?
Stairway to Heaven (song): How can the piper lead us to reason?
Could Bryan Adams beat up Bruce Springsteen?
When do bands start planning their tours? Is it a specific span of months before the Summer (e.g. Dec-Feb) or some months after/before the release of their newest album?
What are some of the best and greatest folk rock bands?
What is the attire of the girls attending a rock concert?
Which one was the better band, the Ramones or Sex Pistols?
What is the name of this rock/metal song?
What are some band recommendations for someone who is new to blues rock music?
In a typical four-instrument rock band (lead guitar, rhythm guitar, bass, and drums), does the songwriter write out each musician's part?
Is there a song with the lyrics "dusk it up, if you got fire in the guns enough"?
Which is the world's fastest beat song?
How did the Allman Brothers come up with and create their unique two lead guitar style? What bands influenced them? Did the Grateful Dead or other jam bands influence them?
What are some punk rock recommended songs?
What, in your opinion, is the best album of rock/punk rock and hip hop?
Is there any modern band that approaches Pink Floyd's music?
Who is better, Pink Floyd or King Crimson? Why?
What was the first moment in your life when you realized you fell in love with music (to create, listen, or perform)?
Will rock music ever phase out, due to the popularity of techno and dubstep?
What will the new Radiohead album sound like?
Who was the most "real" rock musician spanning from 1960-1990?
What's black metal's association with nature?
Would it be a good idea to have songs about love and hardships of your life in the same pop/rock album? Or is that not a good combination for a pop/rock album?
Is it weird to be the only girl in a rock band?
What are some cool and little-known facts about Iron Maiden?
What's the title of an old song featuring a flute (I think) in it?
What are Hot Chip's 10 Best Songs?
What are your memories of the classic Oz rock song, Eagle Rock?
Is there anyone who really knows the true background of the band Pink Floyd and who influenced them?
Where can I find a post of the guitar solo tab for "Khumaar" by Papon?
Music: Are they any great rock bands or folk music around these days? If so, what are some suggestions?
Why are Chinese rock bands, especially metal bands like Chunqiu and Shuangdongqianye, not famous or rich? What's wrong with the music industry?
Which radio channel in Denver, Colorado has the latest, best pop and or rock music?
What is/was it like to meet Sebastian Bach?
What is the title track of your favorite progressive rock?
I just got into thrash metal. What are some good bands you recommend?
Do Indians listen to Marilyn Manson?
What are some interesting punk bands to check out on YouTube?
If either John or Paul left the Beatles after Hard Day's Night, which would have been most capable of replacing the other and going on to create a body of work that most resembles the remaining output of the band as we know it?
Which genre is better, rap or rock?
What is it like to be close to the Pink Floyd band or even just to know them?
Why is there no extraordinary rock music band existing in this decade similar to Nirvana or Guns N Roses?
Why doesn't Tool make any more albums?
What are your top 5 classic rock bands?
Where did Rock and Roll come from?
What are the best classic rock albums?
Where would guitar enthusiasts rate John Mayer among the greatest rock/blues guitarists of all time? Why?
What good songs can I learn as a lead blues/rock musician (not solos)?
What proportion of songs for "The Sweet" did each band member write?
Can you name some Indian bands that mix our traditional music with rock?
Why are there always first parts in rock concerts?
What are the names of all the bands in the music video of the Red Hot Chili Peppers song Dani California?
Which was best, Queen or Metallica?
How big is Ayer's rock?
What is the meaning of the lyrics "somebody told me that you had a boyfriend who looked like a girlfriend" in the song Somebody Told Me by The Killers?
What are more examples of Gary Clark Jr.'s sound?
What are the best singles by Slipknot?
Does the screaming, which bands/artists like Linkin Park do, cause damage to their voice?
What do you think of sad, guitar-centric, rock music vs. exciting, happier rock music?
Can you cite some examples of posers among rock music fans and their complete lack of knowledge about the genre?
Where can I get an Iron Maiden Zippo in India?
Why was the Bomb Squad not inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame together with Public Enemy?
Which are some good Christian rock bands like Skillet?
Why do you consider yourself a punk?
What are some startups in the field of music?
Which are the best songs by Pink Floyd?
In the Rock Star movie what was actually happening in the audition and later on in the recording session?
Are Garfunkel and Oates the children of Garfunkel and Oates?
What are the top 10 most iconic songs in the English language?
What are some good acoustic versions of popular rock and roll songs?
Who are your favorite all girl bands?
What was Elvis's initial impression of The Beatles?
Why do Chinese music fans only idolize lead vocalists, and ignore guitarists/drummers/other instrumentalists who don't sing?
I shake my head when thinking about 'Dream On', and it's a problem at work. What should I do?
Are rock songs meaningful?
Is Radiohead the best band of all time?
Was "Mr. Roboto" by Styx popular in Japan?
What was it like to hear Led Zeppelin's physical graffiti at the time it first got released?
How do I start a band and get famous?
What are some soothing Hindi bands like Coldplay, Oasis, or Lifehouse?
Why in The Closing of the American Mind was Allan Bloom so against rock music?
Which is the better song by the band The Doors, "Light My Fire" or "Break On Through"?
What would you put on a shy teenager's playlist to help her feel empowered, able to stand up for herself and to defy authority?
What are some bands similar to Tame Impala and The War on Drugs?
What is the best live version of Voodoo Child?
Is the demo for DIIV's Oshin (album) up anywhere?
What band, artist or other musical act shaped your teenage years?
What is the dominating rock genre in this generation?
Where can I buy posters of classic rock bands and Hollywood movies in Coimbatore?
Who wins in a rock battle to the death: AC/DC or Van Halen?
Why does every marriage band in North India play the tune of the song Tequila (1958 classic)?
Gg Allin claims to have raped "men women and animals onstage". Did this ever really happen?
What is the answer to the joke "why did the man take a rock to bed"?
Is Ringo Starr crazy?
How did the practice of women exposing their breasts at music concerts start?
Is it normal for entrepreneurs to listen to hard rock for long hours and feel angry over everything?
Which song is the song of hope?
Which Linkin Park's heavy metal album do you prefer: "Hybrid Theory" or "Minutes To Midnight"?
Why are acoustic guitars made of wood? What is the advantage of wood over other materials?
Why is there not a single classical composer in Rolling Stone's 100 greatest artists of all time?
What are some advantages that 2-piece bands have over larger bands?
Why are there so few black people in rock/metal music?
Has Ozzy ever sung something from Dio's era?
How do I handle my first punk/rock concert?
Has any pop/rock music employed Wagnerian leitmotifs?
Is there any psychological effect from listening to Pink Floyd and Porcupine Tree on a regular basis?
What are some of the best Boston-based bands at the moment?
Why did Oasis and Blur never make it in the US?
What are some totally bizarre and ridiculous words or phrases that only work in song lyrics?
I compose full-band rock songs in English, but I'm not a native speaker and I live in Turkey where it's very difficult to find a willing producer for Western style music in English. How can I reach foreign producers without going abroad?
What all world events have been shown in the song 'What I've Done' by Linkin Park?
How should I go forward when trying to learn "Babe I'm Gonna Leave You" by Led Zeppelin?
What are the best female fronted punk bands?
At an open air rock concert is it okay to 'shoosh' people around you for talking too loudly?
Why do I like rock music so much?
Did Elvis ever meet The Rolling Stones?
What would you say to your brother who says the song All My Love by Led Zeppelin has no creativity and is too repetitive?
What are some bands like Supertramp?
What is the best pop\rock band?
As a guitarist I know that John Frusciante's guitaring and music skills can outmatch anyone. Why is he not that much famous as compared to Slash, Kirk, Page or some other great guitarist?
Did Iggy Pop have an affair with Debbie Harry?
What are the attributes that differentiate pop/rock from plain old rock music?
Which among the English-speaking nations produces the best music-artists?
Are there sites like ReverbNation or Bandcamp for Asian musicians/bands?
Are there any instances of a songwriter in a rock group voluntarily sharing royalties with other members of the band that helped make the song a hit?
What are some facts about rock and roll?
Should I join band in school?
What is the best rock music one should listen to?
What are the best motivational heavy weightlifting playlists of Youtube in German?
I have an old Lynyrd Skynyrd t-shirt that someone left at my house a while back. I remember the guy once saying that it was "rare". What is it worth?
Why is Mitch Mitchell, who played drums with Hendrix Experience in all their glory days, not often mentioned as one of the greatest rock drummers? Was he not really that good?
What are the best rock songs to listen to while travelling?
Why did the punk band No Comply split?
What led to the demise of good old fashioned rock?
Why do most rock bands do their best work early in their careers, with the exception of Led Zeppelin?
What is the meaning of the song "Fake Plastic Trees" by the band Radiohead?
What is the difference between progressive rock and blues rock?
I am often bored by the music of the Grateful Dead. Is their music considered "soft rock"?
Why are The Beatles heard so infrequently on the radio, in relation to their popularity, talent, and effect on not just music but culture?
What is the difference between hard rock and rock music?
What are the best Moody Blues albums?
What is the difference between jazz, pop, rock and metal music?
What makes someone to like a particular kind of music?
What pop-punk bands do you like?
What does it feel like to do cocaine and listen to rock music?
Why are there so many questions about Pink Floyd on Quora?
My wife heard a song she liked about the colours red and black. She thought it might be Led Zeppelin, but it's not "black dog", " paint it black", "back in black". Which rock song could it be?
Is the band Avial going to release their second album?
Will Marilyn Manson perform in India?
Does anyone know a famous rockstar? Can you tell me of this experience?
Was Pink Floyd big in the United States at their prime?
What is a good acoustic song recorded by a band that is not normally acoustic?
What are the most important pointers to succeed as an independent English rock band in India, making original music?
Does Dubai's music scene have potential?
Why does everyone hate Justin Bieber and Rebecca Black?
Heavy Metal (music): Are there any other bands that sound similar to Ne Obliviscaris?
Rock musicians are often cited as having "been classically trained." What does this mean, why is it important, and do we ever really see the results in their playing or compositions?
Are there any rockstars on Quora?
What songs would appear on a 12-track album that featured only songs released by the four Beatles after the band's breakup?
What are some great Asian experimental rock bands?
What other songs have a guitar riff based on Johnny Marr's work in "How Soon Is Now"?
Music: What's a good Mogwai album to start with?
Did Nikki Sixx write all of the guitar parts and stuff for most of Mötley Crüe's songs where he is credited as the only songwriter?
Rock Music: Who are the band "Made Violent?"
Will acoustic/live music disappear in the future?
What is the song from 2010 with the details below?
Can a music album be nominated for 'Album of the Year' at the Grammys for 2 years?
Is Green Day the best band ever?
What are the 5 greatest space rock songs?
Were rock concerts louder in the past, or are they getting louder?
Where can I get the pure guitar tones of the beginning part of the song Stairway To Heaven?
Are there any rock bands who have made it big in spite of very less musical knowledge and technical skill?
What are the most influential rock bands today?
Is it fair to say that rock and roll is a fusion of American country music, blues, and teenage hormones?
Why do people say Nickelback only sings about drugs and sex?
What are the top 5 most recognizable bass lines in popular music of the last 70 years?
What kind of rock is this?
If I can only have one guitar pedal and want to sound much like Alex Gaskarth (All Time Low), what would it be?
On which vinyl LP records did the split between sides seem most memorable or meaningful?
What are the best classic rock bands other than Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin and Dire Straits?
What are the best Christian rock songs/bands that have an obvious godly message?
Which was the first rock band in India?
Why were love ballads so popular in the 80s?
Who, or what is Radiohead?
Do wood structures last longer than rock structures?
How much would a Kerala rock band like Thaikkudam Bridge cost for a performance?
What is the genre of this song?
Is Ween Dadaist?
What would Eric Clapton feel like when singing his songs?
What would be a unique name for my music band?
What are some one-hit wonders that everyone should know about?
Which song lyrics are the deepest to comprehend?
Which is the heaviest Melvins album?
Are there good arguments for Oasis' induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
For Americans, what would you say came the closest to (or possibly surpassed) The Beatles in terms of popularity in the US: The Grateful Dead or The Beach Boys?
Are rock and roll bands frequently on drugs when performing live?
Would you be interested in a social media service for finding people to go to concerts with?
Was Elvis Presley better than the Beatles?
Why do I judge as ignorant people that don't listen to rock music (classic rock, progressive rock, hard rock and its derivatives)?
What artists will make into the Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame 30 years from now?
Which is better to start a music career/band in, the UK or the USA?
What are the best bands that are like The Crash?
What are the odds for a Guns N' Roses B-sides album to be ever released?
What are some pros and cons of flatwound strings vs roundwounds for electric jazz or rock guitar?
How do rock bands generally record songs?
What's this band's name?
What are some common tunes that exemplify a rhythmic style of 'playing behind the beat'?
What does unplugged music actually mean?
The Prince's Trust held a charity party of rock music for youth before 2009. What event was it?
Are there any 'rock and roll' bands with a sitar?
What are the top ten heavy metal bands of all time?
What are the best English songs to listen to while driving?
Which are some indie rock clubs in Toronto?
Did The Rolling Stones have just as many hits as The Beatles while they were still active and making records?
Why weren't the New York Dolls ever able to achieve the mainstream success that their glam rock contemporaries Kiss did?
If you had to listen to one rock/hard rock/heavy metal song before you die, which would it be and why?
What is the environment like at a Fall Out Boy concert? How loud and rambunctious is it?
What rock 'n' roll songs were inspired by or have a style or sound similar to Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody?
Is AC/DC's music considered heavy metal or just hard rock?
What is a song from the middle to late 90's that is not rap but is about money?
What are some breathtaking rock songs?
What are some songs that are like "Pyramid Song" by Radiohead?
What are some songs similar to Numb (Linkin Park)?
What is an Indian rock song with the lyrics "where did you go, did you know, when you're coming back home"?
Whatever happened to the child lookalikes in Van Halen's "Hot For Teacher" video?
Why does ESPN play extra loud rave/EDM/rock music at night (after 12 a.m.) during highlights and just normal volume rock during the daytime?
Why is almost all of the great pop/rock music of the last 50 years written by people in their 20's?
Why do I always picture classic rock music with mercenaries relaxing at a bar/pool hall?
Are the majority of songs by Linkin Park about emotional abuse?
What is the strumming pattern of the song "Wish You Were Here" by Pink Floyd?
What are good tripping stress inducing songs?
If you are a band member, how do you go about arranging a song for each member/instrument?
Does the band Enigma worship Satan? Was Michael Cretu (owner of Enigma) part of a Black Mass? Why did the band stop production?
Is The Rockstar dead?
Is it true that the rock band "Poets of the Fall " is visiting IIT Kanpur during Techkriti'15?
How much time will it take for me to learn guitar good enough to form my own rock band?
How did a dead Michael Jackson earn $150 million in 2014, given that his music is pirated all over the internet and he can no longer perform concerts?
What kind of beer was Spandau Ballet drinking at their performance tonight in LA?
Who is better, Pink Floyd or One Direction, and why?
What did Jimi Hendrix think of Jeff Beck as a guitar player?
How do I find the best rock festival in London?
Why haven't many people heard of post-rock?
What are the names of some really good and modern psychedelic bands?
Should I buy a Cowon EM1 or Sennheiser CX 180 (mostly for rock/metal music)? What is Cowon EM1's warranty like in India?
Classical Composers: What's your favourite Rock music?
What might be the best (close to best) speaker system for my PC to listen to Pink Floyd (only)?
What is the difference between lead guitar and rhythm guitar?
When did rock music die?
Is it worth it to spend $400 on a ticket for a Rush concert?
Has Jason Bonham ever said which of Led Zeppelin's songs he thinks features John Bonham's best playing?
What happened to Marilyn Manson's vocals?
What would happen if the Beatles were a 2000s band?
Is Coldplay a religious band?
Which are famous Indian bands and some of their compositions?
Is there any band in Pune I can join as a singer?
What are your suggestions for mellow music, like The Smiths or Pink Floyd?
Why don't amazing bands like Coldplay, Nickelback, Linkin Park, Poets of the Fall, Foo Fighters, etc. tour India?
Sony MDR Ex220lp or Sennheiser Cx180, which one's good for rock/metal music?
What are the top 10 rock bands of 2015?
What are the best relaxing classic rock and classical music/songs/albums to listen to high or before bed?
If David Bowie released Aladdin Sane in 2015, how would it be received?
What is the difference between progressive, alternative, and psychedelic rock?
Did Eddie Van Halen revolutionize guitar playing?
Is there any chance of Linkin Park performing in Saarang, IIT Madras?
Who are the members of the rock band The Cult?
What is the best punk band of this time?
Is EDM growing like the rock music of the 60s albeit the constant hate from older generation?
What bands do you listen to if you like progressive rock?
What are some of the best pop and pop rock songs of all time?
What is so special about David Bowie's music?
What were the Beatles relationships like? Were they friends, did they get along personally with each other outside the studio?
How do I do a short and successful soundcheck on stage?
You just released an album. Which is more successful? 1. Album is overall "okay" or 2. Album has 3 super hits & the rest is junk?
What major rock groups or artists have provided a theme song to a popular TV show?
What are the top 5 greatest rock/metal songs of the nineties?
Which rock band do you think is better, Imagine Dragons or Linkin Park?
Why do I sometimes hear Semi-Charmed Life on the radio with missing lyrics?
Are there any good slow rock songs like "Dust in the Wind" by Kansas?
What is so good about Frank Zappa?
Which is better, the Sennheiser CX 180 or the Creative EP630?
What are some heart touching and soulful soft rock songs?
Who were the other nominees at the 1988 Grammy Awards in the Hard Rock/Heavy Metal category where Jethro Tull eventually won?
What should I look for while buying an electric guitar?
Are glam metal bands a thing of the past? Or are they still as popular as they used to be?
What are some examples of rock bands where the acknowledged leader is not the lead singer?
How do you feel about rock songs that seem to sympathise with the Confederate cause, such as Elton John's "My Father's Gun" and The Band's "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down"?
When will Andrew W.K.'s book, The Party Bible be released, if at all?
How do I make my lead guitar sound less like blues and more like rock?
Why were the Kinks banned from entering the US from 1965-69?
What is it like to work with Marilyn Manson?
What music video has a white guy singing and playing guitar and a black guy singing and at the beginning a guy scratches off a lottery ticket and wins?
What are good post-punk revival bands?
Were AC/DC the best with Bon Scott or with Brian Johnson?
How scarce are the chances of being a millionaire in a band?
How is the relationship between Thom Yorke and his singer brother Andy yorke?
Which band is more creative/important/genial: The Beatles or Queen?
What does the Led Zeppelin "Zoso" symbol signify?
Do you also believe that Pearl Jam is more of a religion than a band?
How many of you are post-rock musicians?
I want to learn some good dance steps for my college's annual function. What is a link for well trained choreographers or dance teachers who can teach us some good dance steps in Delhi-NCR?
Which is the most complicated rock song to play?
What are some good hardcore punk bands?
Who is the best musician under 18?
AC/DC is expected to tour in 2015. Will they still sound good live?
What is your favourite Arctic Monkeys bass line?
What impact did The Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band have on modern day music?
Who are the top 5 best male/female vocalists?
Who wrote the first space rock opera?
Do you think that Jeff Beck is the best guitarist that ever lived?
Electronic Music: Is there a kind of pure electro music, or an artist, which sounds as brutal as black metal and death metal rhythmics?
How did The Kinks balance a sense of genuine nostalgia with a sense of cynicism in their music?
How are songs mixed in surround sound for DVD-Audio?
In one word, what does rock music mean to you?
Who is Marie-Ondine from the "Planet of New Orleans" by Dire Straits?
Which is the best European rock music festival?
Why did The Killers' albums get progressively worse after Hot Fuss?
Would The Black Keys be considered the best band?
Can a group of tracks count as an album if they weren't produced through a studio contract?
I'm a solo singer. I'm good at guitar, would it work with an electric guitar and vocals only or should I drop the idea?
Is Linkin Park so far the greatest band in the 21st century?
Is the "Seven Nation Army" intro the most famous bass line in the world?
Why did Adrian Smith depart from Iron Maiden in the mid 80's?
What is the average British person's opinion of Led Zeppelin?
Do Americans listen to Russian rock music?
What are the angriest instrumental songs you've ever heard?
What are some good instrumental rock playlists available on YouTube, Pandora, iTunes Radio, etc.?
Why does the drummer of Silversun Pickups have his crash cymbal raised so high that he has to stand to hit it?
What pop/rock album has the best sounding drums?
What is/are your favourate song(s) that you always listen to?
What is the story behind the song, Final Masquerade from Linkin Park?
How have rock and other forms of popular music influenced classical or modernist composition?
How do bands that perform live with a backing track sync their live part to the prerecorded part?
Who is today's (2015) Eric Clapton?
Which guitar should I buy for playing rock (other than Fender and Gibson)?
What is the history behind the song 'Dying To Meet You' off Judas Priest's album Rocka Rolla?
Where can I find live show video of I Want It All by Queen?
What would be a list of one good song of every music genre present in the world, in order to differentiate among each genre?
What are some of the best break up songs by L'arc-en-Ciel?
What are your top 10 singers with great voices?
Why is it so difficult to start a progressive rock band when two of the world's most popular bands are progressive rock bands?
Why do people like Pink Floyd?
Why is metal considered satanic?
What's a Marilyn Manson concert like?
The song High Hopes from the album The Division Bell mentions the phrase "The Endless River". Pink Floyd's latest album bears the same title. Is there any correlation or is this a mere coincidence?
Which British group is better when it comes to music between Arctic Monkeys and One Direction?
How do metal band members divide their money considering the fact that their contributions may not be equal?
Do (did) any of the Beatles have any favorite Beatles covers?
What happens in Pink Floyd:The Wall's ending?
What are some things to consider when it comes to finding a name for your electronic band/artist?
Did the Irish rock band The Cranberries personally witness violence during the Troubles (1968-1998)?
How loud are you supposed to sing (screamo)?
What are some good psychedelic bands?
Why do some great music artists and bands go unheard?
How do I find rock concerts in Paris?
Whatever happened to Robin Trower?
What does Bob Dylan think of versions of his songs by other famous artists?
Why would bass and drum be on separate channels?
What are some of the most interesting rock music trivia/facts that you know of?
Who wrote "Under Pressure"?
How do I find a melancholy pop/rock ballad with a music video that shows a blond guy and a TV screen?
What musicians influenced and inspired Terry St. Clair to create his music?
How can I sing like Adele?
What Beatles song is their most psychedelic?
What are some good songs featuring male and female vocals?
Is there any rock gig happening in Delhi?
Fifty years from now, who will be remembered as the most successful band between The Beatles and U2?
Is rock music still relevant?
How do rock legends practice, and how often?
If you were a big-name rock star, what would you put on your performance rider?
Which one would quicken typing speed the most: classical music, rock music, pop music, or jazz music?
Why is the writing in classic rock songs so much better than today's music?
Is there a meaning behind Benny Benassi & Serj Tankian's "Shooting Helicopters"?
What are some groups that are similar to Babymetal?
What's the best third person song?
What are the names of the individual episodes of the 1995 BBC rock and roll documentary "Dancing in the Streets"?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of SoundCloud?
Are U2 still relevant in music?
Should disco be part of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Are there any rock and/or metal bands and concerts in Thane?
Who amongst the Quora Deadheads will be planning to attend the Grateful Dead's 50th anniversary Fare Thee Well shows?
Before Black Sabbath came along, what was the heaviest song you could bang your head to?
Who designed the album cover for Lynyrd Skynyrd's album Second Helping?
What's wrong with German rock music today?
Is Green Day the best punk rock band on the basis of songs and time period?
Is Simon & Garfunkel considered classic rock music?
What are some great songs in the vein of Toto's "Africa"?
Were some of the hard rock bands from the 80s and 90s associated in some way with Satanism?
What was and is the critical and popular view of the Scatman John songs?
What are some good podcasts about music?
What is the meaning of the lyrics sung in the inner groove at the end of the Sgt. Pepper´s album by the Beatles (after A Day In The Life)?
I am not able to sing a song properly while playing the guitar tabs/chords for the song. How can I improve this? What are some helpful tips and techniques to learn?
How was it to collaborate with Frank Zappa?
Why are there so many bands with "bear" in the name?
What will Geoff Tate do after Queensryche?
What is the LA rock music scene like now?
Are there any good music schools in Delhi?
Should I stop listening to heavy metal?
What are some less known indie, folk, rock, pop, or punk/grunge bands?
What do dentists think about the guitar stunt of playing with your teeth?
How does a successful rock band make decisions?
Which is better, Fish-era Marillion or Hogarth-era Marillion?
What albums have the best cover art?
Did you go to the Foo Fighters concert on the 10th of January 2015 (celebration for Dave Grohl's BD)?
Does being a singer for a metal band affect your voice?
What's your favorite song(s) about a real person?
What is a good name for my new rock/pop group?
What are some good albums to listen to given my music taste (see the description)?
What is it like to be high on mushrooms while at a Pink Floyd concert?
What are the latest alternative rock bands worth listening to?
Is "My Generation" by The Who the first punk song?
How can I learn shredding like John Petrucci and Steve Vai?
What musical album by what artist/group/band/orchestra do you put on when you need to focus and concentrate?
Who will be handling lighting for the 2015 "Fare Thee Well" reunion of the surviving members of the Grateful Dead? Is Chris Kuroda being considered?
Why is rock and roll called rock and roll?
Which bands or singers can be called for a rock concert in India, keeping the fee low since mine is a govt. college?
What are the alternate lyrics to "Crusader's Anthem" off the album Gold Medal in Metal (Alive and Archive) by Dream Evil?
What songs are similar to "Stairway to Heaven?"
What do you think would've happened if Pigpen had lived through the rest of the Grateful Dead's history? Would they have been able to keep him in the repertoire, somehow?
Do you like Ortopilot's version of Muse?
Do the songs "One Way Out" by the Allman Brothers & "T For Texas" by Lynyrd Skynryd sound the same musically?
Who is the lead guitarist of the Skard rock band?
Were any of the events of the feature film This is Spinal Tap based on real-life events in rock and roll history? If so, what?
How can someone who has listened to a significant amount of rock hate/dislike Pink Floyd?
Are there any references to stories of how Oasis made/ thought up their best songs?
Where can I learn how to sing like classic rock vocalists?
Being a modern musical novice, what are some examples of mainstream (possibly even pop 40) rock bands that write most if not all of their own music, are exceptionally talented with musical instruments, and have quality vocals?
What do Quora users think about the 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's inductees?
Growth Hacking: How can I advertise on YouTube for people who are listening to rock music?
What was Kurt Cobain like in person?
What is the best post-rock of 2014?
Who is the greatest living imitator and/or teacher of Chet Atkins' original, unique guitar style today?
Music Reviews: How is Slipknot's new album the Gray Chapter?
What was it about Joe Cocker that made him Rolling Stone magazine's 97th greatest singer of all time?
Which other pop artists have a similar singing style to Ray Dorset of Mungo Jerry?
How many keyboardists has Black Sabbath had? Who were just session musicians and who went on tour?
If I want to start listening to Japanese rock, what band or singer would you recommend?
Whose brainchild is the Led Zeppelin band including the band's name?
Are there any metal/rock bands singing in Dutch?
Are there any U2 unplugged or acoustic albums?
Which Japanese bands sound a lot like The Beach Boys?
How is Christian rock different from rock music in general?
What do people in general have against the raga, psychedelic, acid, experimental, avant garde, art and progressive rock music of the 1960's and 1970's?
How do I distinguish among different music genres like rock, jazz, blues, pop, etc.?
Any idea what the songlist for Lynyrd Skynyrd's 2015 tour would be?
Which is better, rock or pop music?
In "Five Nights at Freddy's 2", how is it that your Freddy Fazbear head gets pulled off, and then you are soon attacked by an animatronic?
Which Japanese bands sound a lot like Led Zeppelin?
Will there ever be bands of Metallica/Guns N' Roses stature in India?
What are the types of rock?
Which rock band's album cover art of the 1960s or early 1970s featured nothing but a plain girl with long, very curly hair?
Assuming classical music is much deeper than pop or rock music, does it mean people who listen to classical and have a classic music taste are more sophisticated than people who have a pop taste of music?
What is a song that most people haven't heard or recognize but is considered one of the best works of a famous musical artist by its devoted fans and students?
How do I find rock music festivals in Hungary?
Why are girls more into rock than pop?
What are some Led Zeppelin songs with very good basslines?
Are those praised as the best (popular) rock musicians really the best musicians at their instrument?
What are some less known facts about Linkin Park?
I listened to "Meet Me in The Morning" by Bob Dylan and it sounds very familiar. I think it sounds a lot like a Led Zeppelin song but I can't put my finger on it. Can you think of a song that sounds like this?
What's a general description of the most important rock or heavy metal band, including its story and major songs?
What are the rock songs composed by Ilayaraja?
Why was the Dire Straits album 'Making Movies' so successful in Italy?
What are some of the prettiest chord progressions in pop and rock songwriting?
Do you remember Disraeli Gears?
What are the best orchestral works that strongly incorporate elements of rock music?
How many albums did guitarist Chet Atkins record over his career?
How did The Eagles band earn $100M in 2014?
Are the Foo Fighters overrated?
What was it like to listen to Hotel California during the time it was released for the first time?
Why are the Rolling Stones highly regarded?
Imagine a world where The Beatles never came to be. How would it have been like?
What first instrument should an undexterous rock music fan learn?
Do you know any bands or musicians like Green Day?
Why does Allah-Las sound so old even though they are a contemporary band?
How do The Rolling Stones consider themselves 'ongoing' if their last album "A Bigger Bang" was released in 2005?
What are some famous music bands with couples?
What are some good rock songs from the 60s?
Which Japanese bands sound a lot like Pink Floyd?
What are some good French rock bands?
What are some songs with lead vocals similar to Paul McCartney's screaming in Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band?
Which one is better: U2 or Guns N' Roses?
How do I find a rock concert in Madrid?
How does Pink Floyd feel about their album 'Obscured by Clouds'?
Which Japanese bands sound a lot like The Beatles?
What is the website to download metal and rock songs?
What are some interesting facts about Led Zeppelin?
Which heavy metal/rock bands have three guitarists, like Iron Maiden?
I feel a sincere calling to become a famous rock star. Is that a good idea?
Has Iron Maiden given any private shows?
Which Japanese bands sound a lot like The Kinks?
What would The Beatles' music have sounded like if they had reunited in the 1980s?
Who scored the most girls: the Beatles, the Who, the Rolling Stones, or Led Zeppelin?
Which Japanese bands sound a lot like Allah-Las?
Are there songs with Sanskrit lyrics by foreign bands?
Why are the stock music snippets on rock radio so much better than the actual songs they play?
What are some good music recommendations for dubstep, rock, metal or screamo?
What is your favorite note in a song?
Why did Pink Floyd never play 'Fearless' live?
How many of the members of Iron Maiden are actually devout Christians?
How do I start my first punk/metal battle jacket?
Where can I get The White Stripes' song, "Kiss of Dawn"?
How do I get in a band? Where does one get quality band members?
Did the punk rock band ‘Sex Pistols’ start the modern Republican movement in Britain?
What were the most frequently played songs by the Grateful Dead in concert?
What was Freddie Mercury like in person?
What musical artist "blew up" or "made it big" the fastest?
What is the most popular song of the 1980s?
Is the solo on Queen's "I Want to Break Free" played on a synthesiser?
Was Kurt Cobain a closeted trans woman?
What don't I know about Pearl Jam?
What are some bands similar to Coldplay?
How are most British musicians so talented?
Which Japanese bands sound a lot like Jimi Hendrix?
What would Luciano Pavarotti think of Iron Maiden singer Bruce Dickinson?
Now that eCigs are so popular, will they soon have a light feature to use at rock concerts?
What are some EDMs similar to spaceman?
What are some of the less known facts about the band Queen?
What do you think about post rock?
Why is Linkin Park's logo similar to that of Audio-Technica's?
Why doesn't the rainbow on the "Dark Side Of The Moon" album cover by Pink Floyd have 7 colors?
How did it feel to be a member of a rock band in Beijing in the 90s?
Who would be the best choice to play Freddie Mercury in a movie about his and Queen's careers?
What are some of the most influential, 90s-defining punk/grunge bands, besides Nirvana and Green Day?
What is the secret of Pink Floyd's music?
What are the nearest music bands to the sound that is Hatebreed?
Why is it that most educated Indians like to listen to songs of foreign bands and singers rather than listen to Bollywood and traditional Indian songs which, according to me, are better than the foreign songs (although that's totally my view... But please comment)?
What are all the music genres and sub-genres?
What is the most rock-n-roll version of "I know you Rider" that I can find on the internet?
What does David Bowie's song Oh, You Pretty Things have to do with Nietzsche?
What do you think would be the best name for a band from the following?
How good is Hohner Ocean Star Key C M254001S (Silver) for beginners?
What band is the subject of Weezer's "Eulogy for a Rock Band"?
What bands would you recommend for someone who is new to punk rock?
What did the Beatles think of Joe Cocker's covers of their work?
Was Freddie Mercury gay?
Do rock and metal bands make a lot of money?
What are the Beatles?
What was it like being at Metallica's Through the Never concert filming?
What is it like producing a hit pop or rock record and working with all the Logic and Pro Tools files?
What are some famous music bands with siblings?
What are the top 10 rock songs of 2014?
How many members of the Scottish band Runrig are actually devout Christians?
Which Japanese bands sound a lot like Jean Luc Ponty?
Why is the song, Zombie, from The Cranberries so famous?
Do bands steal members of other bands like corporations do?
Is Pink Floyd overrated? Why?
What's the longest a band has gone between putting out successive great albums, with no releases in between?
What are the chances of Iron Maiden disbanding this year?
What are some good heavy metal rock chords?
What is currently your favorite rock song? And why?
How can I learn to understand what David Bowie's lyrics are about?
Who are the best alternative rock bands in 2014?
Why is U2 touring indoor arenas and not larger outdoor stadiums in 2015?
What are some good, yet obscure, rock songs?
What are your opinions on Stevie Nicks' music and songwriting skills through the decades beginning as the duo Buckingham Nicks?
Do hikikomori like to listen to The Wall by Pink Floyd?
Who are the anti-Beatles?
Which songs romanticise certain historical periods?
If the USA never existed, what music would we be listening to since they gave the world Rock & Roll and the derived pop music?
Who belongs on the Mt. Rushmore of rock music?
Why is Kurt Cobain a cult figure?
How did American bands respond to the British Invasion of the 1960s?
Do you have pictures of the RKCNDY venue in Seattle?
What are some famous Indian rock bands who are truly original and rocking in content, and who were formed in the 2000s?
How do I know which is better for me, being a guitarist or a bass guitarist?
How do I escape from listening to a single song many many times?
How many people love Guns N' Roses?
What is your favourite Jeff Beck album/record?
Why isn't "Carouselambra" as popular as other epic songs of Led Zeppelin?
What was so unique about The Beatles?
Do singers, songwriters and producers still get ripped off in the 21st century in the music industry?
Why does Bono sing "Uno, Dos, Tres, Catorce" in Vertigo?
If you were raised on punk bands like Descendents, Bad Religion, and Minor Threat, do you consider bands such as My Chemical Romance, Blink 182 and Good Charlotte in the punk genre?
What do people who enjoy classical music (like Beethoven, Mozart, etc.) think about mainstream music?
What does our taste in music say about us?
What are the best sources / early indicators to find out which songs mainstream musicians are going to release as a single with a music video?
What are some of the best rock bands which are not that popular?
Why has Megadeth never played the song "When", from The World Needs A Hero, live?
What is the most popular genre of music in the world?
Why aren't Uriah Heep coming to the Netherlands this tour?
Are popular rock musicians much more talented than amateur musicians?
Is there a legitimate trend or is there a relation with Germany and metal rock music and especially German-American citizens, typical Americans and maybe 3rd/4th generation German-Americans?
Why does the band Steely Dan elicit a love vs. hate kind of response in listeners? Are they considered a controversial band?
What are some rock music lyrics about topics not typically found in songs?
What are the songs that you listened to for the first time and you became a fan of?
What is your favorite song by The Who?
What are the most emotional live performances of all time?
What do people like so much rock music?
How does rock music hinder our society, and how does it help our society?
Why aren't rock, metal or indie artists nominated for the top awards for the Grammys, even though their music is more meaningful?
Was Elvis Presley as big a deal as the Beatles?
Which bands remind you of Queen's big, dramatic, operatic sound?
What do the first lines of 'Hypnotize' by System of a Down mean?
Which band was better: The Kinks or The Who?
What are some interesting band or musician suggestions for someone who likes the music of Tin Hat, Carla Khilstedt and/or Mark Orton?
Is Dark Side of the Moon the best Pink Floyd album till date?
Is it true that many rock and metal bands do drugs before going on stage? Why?
Do non-foliated rocks have very narrow banding?
What is your favorite progressive rock album?
What are some good songs from "The Endless River" by Pink Floyd?
What are the best bands with guitar instrumentals?
Why should I listen to rock music?
What is some motivating rock/alternative music to listen to while running?
When the rhythm track is recorded for a rock song, how do those people playing the rhythm track understand the whole song and interact musically with what will be recorded later?
What are some of the best rock guitar solos of the past 10 years?
Why did Freddie Mercury hide his Indian roots?
Why has American music moved so far away from classic rock?
What was it like to see The Who live in concert?
What is the story in the song 'stairway to heaven'?
What does Marilyn Manson mean by referring to his own "misogyny"? (Link in description)
What does the word "rock" in rock music mean exactly?
Of all the pop and rock artists who died before their 30th birthdays, which was the biggest loss to the music world?
How much does a classic rock band get paid for a concert?
What is the exact role of each guitarist in a rock composition?
Which do you think is the best guitar solo?
Where can I find the version of Zucchero's "Senza Una Donna" with the original alto sax solo (instead of Corrado Rustici's guitar solo), and also with English lyrics?
What incarnation of Miles Davis's band is your favorite, and why?
Which band was better: The Eagles or The Doobie Brothers?
Is it time for the American rock band Lifehouse to record their upcoming compilation album?
What are really good punk or hard rock bands?
What are some blogs of people who have an uncommon lifestyle?
Which are your favorite songs of the band Oasis?
What are the best rock guitar instrumentals (no vocals) of all time?
Do you as a musician/composer ever have to change your songs because they sound too much like other things you or other artists have written?
With the finite amount of chords and notes in music why do more songs not sound similar?
Which band do you consider better and why: Pink Floyd or Radiohead?
Is there any live video of David Bowie and Queen performing Under Pressure?
Who is the songwriter of Linkin Park?
On a number of Pink Floyd songs, David Gilmour wrote and played guitar solos for songs credited only to Roger Waters. Why aren't such things part of the song proper where publishing rights are concerned?
Where can I find some good reviews about rock music?
What do Chinese people think of Frank Zappa?
How good is Dave Grohl as a musician?
Are there any tribute bands that try to simulate the music of New Order as sung by Ian Curtis?
I like bands like The Beatles, Arctic Monkeys, Foo Fighters, etc. What other bands should I listen to?
What is the role of a producer in a rock album?
What are some good names for a death metal band?
Why is rock music losing ground to EDM?
Is it scientifically possible to explain how rock music rocks a person like how a rocking chair does?
I swear that the opening riff to Guns N' Roses's song "Get in the Ring" was either borrowed from or heavily influenced by the music in a Budweiser commercial from the late 1980s/early 1990s. Can anyone validate this?
What is the easiest way for a groove metal band to grab a gig in India?
Why is the age of 27 so mysterious?
What are some bands that are widely viewed as cheesy, yet actually have excellent musicians?
Why don't famous rock bands include India when they do an Asia tour?
Will the good old days of rock 'n' roll ever be back?
Since Canadian alternative rock band Default is having a hard time ending this current hiatus right now, should they end their big sequel with their upcoming compilation album and officially disband afterward?
What is the best earphone brand under 4k for rock/metal?
What was it like to be at one of Levon Helms' "Midnight Ramble" shows?
What are some bassists willing to join an ALT/heavy rock band in Pune?
Which are the most famous alter egos of musicians?
How has psychedelic rock evolved over time? What are some of the best works in this genre?
Why are the Beatles considered to be the best band to have come out of England, despite the fact that they haven't pioneered any genre of music?
Are there any videos of Pink Floyd performing on stage back in the 60s or 70s and if not, then why?
How do I get the instrumental version of a song?
What do you need to make a great rock band?
What are some good album endings?
Is The Wall, the biography of Roger Waters or Syd Barrett?
How would you rate Linkin Park as a band?
Is Scott Stapp from Creed becoming paranoid or has somebody really stolen millions from him?
Who are some rockstars born in the 80s or 90s?
Which London venues (or promoters) are worth contacting by a new alternative rock band looking for gigs?
Did Tommy Shannon of Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble play in any other groups after SRV's tragic passing?
Is it time for the Canadian alternative rock band Default to record their upcoming compilation album right now?
What are some rock bands whose members include both some great musicians and some terrible musicians?
Besides "I Kill Everything I Fuck" what songs are good to do jumping jacks to for exercise?
How do you evaluate the development and the achievement of Chinese rock and roll music?
What pop/folk bands used an accordion/squeezebox on their tracks similar to Mungo Jerry?
When is the next Tool album coming out?
What is Dad Rock?
Which singer's lyrics are always poetic?
Has there ever been a poor guitarist in a popular rock band?
What are good examples of musicians who achieved success in their non-English speaking home countries before becoming international stars in the US/Europe?
Are Slash's guitar skills overrated or underrated?
Which metal band has the hardest guitar solos to play?
Why is rock music not as popular as it was in the early 2000s?
What does "punk rock kid" mean?
What did it feel like watching The Beatles & The Rolling Stones performing live in the 60s?
When singers or bands are performing live do they see individual audience members?
Why did "AM", the fifth album by Arctic Monkeys, become so much more popular than the others by the band?
What are the best classic rock songs you would recommend?
Is there ever going to be another Pink Floyd?
What is the difference between a jazz guitar player and a rock guitar player?
What is a musician's worst nightmare?
What are some bands that might have been more successful if they had existed 2 years or earlier than they did?
What songs make you teary eyed every single time you listen to them?
Why are the Foo Fighters called the Foo Fighters?
Which Foo Fighters song sounds the most like Nirvana?
How can an average person live a decadent life like rock stars?
How big is country music compared to say rock or hip hop?
Which is the best rock music?
What is the cost to stream a rock concert live?
Are there any bands similar to Tame Impala?
What is the meaning of rock music?
Can songs from the Bollywood film Rock On be termed as real rock numbers?
Why is Smells Like Teen Spirit on number 9 of the greatest songs (The Rolling Stones)?
What is your favourite music style? Why?
What are the greatest hooks in pop and rock music?
Where are the members of the Indian band "Band of Boys"?
Why did Green Day add a third guitarist to their band?
What is the meaning of David Bowie's song, Ziggy Stardust?
Are there any professional rock band members on Quora?
Which bass players play rock and roll?
What are the top 10 classic rock songs?
I am a big fan of Pearl Jam. Are there any other interesting songs and related bands?
What are some forgotten classic rock gems?
What do you think is a good way to improve the rock and metal music scene in India?
Why does Chennai not host as many rock concerts or EDM concerts by international artistes, when compared to other cities?
If I've just started listening to rock music, which band should I start with?
What did Jimi Hendrix think of Pink Floyd's music?
I want to get into rap music but it's hard finding an artist that I like. What would you recommend for a guy that likes classic rock and progressive rock?
What are the best songs by Little Feat?
Do you ever listen to classical rock?
What is the general opinion of those who've reviewed 'The Endless River,' a new Pink Floyd album?
Who is a good Indie rock producer in Montreal, Quebec?
What are some good, new rock bands?
What are some good, new bands?
Musicians: How do you start a band of your own in a new town?
What is the most beautiful eight string electric guitar you've ever seen or have?
Who are the young, up and coming rock stars?
Is Coldplay the most genius band of all time?
Why don't the Chinese have famous rock bands like U2, Coldplay, etc.?
I am planning to buy an electric guitar, but what brand/model should I get?
What are some facts that people don't know about Pink Floyd?
Where can I meet rock musicians to jam with in San Francisco?
What are the best songs by The Verve?
What recent singer or band should I follow for good music?
Music: Look at the sign below, why does it stand for rock, or rock music? Does the El Diablo, Satanic hand sign got any connection with it?
How do small bands survive financially?
Who was Johnny Rock?
Which are some famous all girl rock bands in the world?
How does a band like Royal Blood (one bassist, one drummer) create the sound of a full band?
How do performers in a rock band have such high intense energy during a concert?
What subgenre of metal is currently the most popular?
When is the next Pink Floyd album coming out?
Why are most female pop/rock singers altos?
Which songs when played backwards contain hidden gospel lyrics?
Are there any good Led Zeppelin posters/wallpapers that I can hang in my room?
Why is Skillet like the best Christian band ever?
Are British teenagers aware of their country's great rock music legacy?
Why is it difficult to form a Hindi rock band and to make it survive in a place like Bangalore?
What should I wear to become a rocker trend?
Music Recommendations: What are some melancholic rock songs with a violin or flute?
Why are high quality rock songs like Stairway to Heaven not written anymore?
Has U2 lost it?
Why aren't there more famous progressive rock bands?
What should be the practice strategy for an intermediate guitarist?
Why don't music artists nowadays produce amazing guitar solos like before?
What is the most followed music band in India?
Are there any bands in the alternative genre who are literally better than Coldplay?
What are some of the best Pixies (band) songs?
Why is electronic dance music ruining other genres of music like rock and pop?
To what extent were the Rolling Stones responsible for the catastrophic Altamont concert that brought to an untimely end the Sixties counterculture?
Will Metallica collaborate with Babymetal in the future?
Would Sia's song Chandelier actually sound better if it had been performed by Freddy Mercury and Queen?
Who are some rock or metal drummers who use unconventional drum kits, and what makes them unconventional?
Is there a bad Led Zeppelin song?
Who are some members of famous bands who have gone largely unmentioned and unnoticed?
Who is the best female rock guitarist of all time?
What are the most complex, beautiful pieces of music you have ever heard?
What are some good places in Seattle for live music, preferably rock or blues?
I want to buy an electric guitar. I have 7-8 years' playing experience! My preferable musical genres are blues, rock, and even hard rock. What are some good and economical guitars, amps, and other processors?
Who is the "you" referred to in the song "Wish You Were Here" by Pink Floyd (band)?
What is it like to listen to Pink Floyd while on psilocybin?
What website shows detailed explanations of every Pink Floyd song?
What equipment do you need to simulcast a live rock concert?
What guitar solo should I learn next?
How many major groups have covered the Led Zeppelin song 'Stairway to Heaven'?
If we take popularity, musicianship, the ability to pack a stadium, and whatever else you care to throw into the mix, are The Foo Fighters "the last great rock band"?
What is the purpose of a backbeat?
How does Mariachi music incorporate rock music into it and vice versa?
Why are the Beatles so famous?
What's the best song that Branford Marsalis plays with the Grateful Dead?
Why don't modern rock & roll bands exist?
United Kingdom: What was it like to be a mod or a rocker in 1960s Britain?
Is it possible for a rock or pop act today to get as big as Elvis or The Beatles?
Do you think Pink Floyd (especially Roger Waters, Richard Wright, and Syd Barrett) was actually under the influence of drugs while writing music?
Do local bands playing cover songs owe the copyright owners a share of their pay for the night?
What are some of the best hard rock songs?
Is it too late to start a career in rock music in India at age 25?
Why do some people pretend to like Pink Floyd when they are not really interested in their music?
How has rock appropriation to music occurred?
Is there any way in the Deezer app for an iPhone to search for playlists?
How would one broadly classify different forms of rock music?
Why does the spacing between the first two notes of the intro riff (before the drums) in the song "you really got me" sound different to me everytime?
Is crowd surfing still fun the 50th time you do it? Do most performers get tired of it?
What are some of the best grunge/punk rock songs of all time?
What is it like to be a music rock star where thousands of people are head-banging and dancing to your songs?
I loved the Led Zeppelin song "Stairway to Heaven." Are there other songs like this?
What, if any, is the appropriate way to dance to Pink Floyd?
What are the pros and cons of the influence of rock and hip hop music on teens?
Which is the most followed singer (topic) on Quora?
How famous is Linkin Park?
Can we ever get a performer even half as good as Freddie Mercury?
Why do so many people hate U2 so much?
Who is the girl in the Iron Maiden music video From Here To Eternity?
What was it like to attend a Rory Gallagher concert?
What was David Bowie like in person?
What are some songs which feature only vocals and an electric guitar?
How many artists around the world have covered the legendary songs of the Beatles?
What is the BPM speed of "heavy metal music"?
What are the best rock songs that use Gregorian chant?
What is the genre of the song 'All I Want is You' by U2?
Where does Dave Grohl rate on modern rock musicians?
Why don't more chicks go for bass guitarist band members?
Why aren't the Stone Temple Pilots sick of playing the same songs over and over again for 20 plus years?
Are there any movies based on only one Classic Rock song?
What is the origin of rock music?
What did Jimi Hendrix think of Led Zeppelin's music?
Does Elvis Presley have any influence on singers, anymore?
Which are some contemporary rock bands, as good as the likes of Rainbow, Whitesnake, Queen, Deep Purple etc.?
What is the best sounding release of Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon?
Why didn't Bill Ward write and sing more songs for Sabbath? "It's Alright" was really good!
What is the title of the classic rock song that says "they're just Jesus Freaks?" but is not "Tiny Dancer" by Elton John?
To what extent did Nick Mason contribute to Pink Floyd's songwriting?
Is there any advantage of rock music?
Who are some singer songwriters who use an electric guitar?
Is KISS an overrated band?
Why didn't Pink Floyd's Richard Wright ever sing the vocals for "Time" live?
Where can I download good music videos from?
Where is the audience for new, Indie music?
What do you think of rock music?
What are some good rock venues in London for a brand new, unknown band to play?
What is the most overrated band of the 70s?
What does it feel like to be married to a rock star?
If you had to listen to one rock song for the rest of life what one would you choose and why?
What are some good rock songs with good guitar solos that were on TV shows?
Where does John Paul Jones rank among rock's bass players?
Which do you like more, Eric Clapton's band Cream, or the rock climbing crag in Yosemite that is named after it?
Where can I get matchbooks or box business cards designed for a fair price in rock n roll style?
Who are the best genuine and creative American rock bands?
What other bands like the Beatles and U2 can I listen to?
What do I need to do to arrange a concert (paid/charity) with bands like Metallica/Pink Floyd/Linkin Park in my hometown which is in south Asia?
Objectively, how good of a band is Green Day?
What is the best place for an aspiring musician/songwriter to live in Europe and why?
What do you think about the Strandberg Guitarworks Boden 7, 8 and the Varberg guitars in general?
What songs have a similar vibe to U2's Where the Streets Have No Name?
Give me reasons why the Beatles is the best band ever?
What are some good classic rock songs to bootleg?
How do you pronounce Avril Lavigne?
What is the meaning of Aerosmith's song Jaded?
What are some really long and hypnotizing instrumentals by Pink Floyd?
How do I make my 6 year son interested in rock music?
Is it possible to be a fan of American popular music and be racially prejudiced?
Many rock concerts these days routinely have camera crews and large screens projecting the show for the concertgoers. Are these video feeds recorded?
What are some of the best stories behind the naming of rock bands?
What are some cool slide guitar songs?
What makes a someone a Beatles person or a Rolling Stones person?
Would Radiohead have become what Muse is if they had stuck to rock instead of going in the direction of art and electronica?
Is it true that Pink Floyd used to spend so much on lightings/lasers/screens and other items in their live show that shows were not so profitable?
Can great music only be created during hard times?
Why was Elvis Presley hated when he started his career in show business?
One Hit Wonders: Whatever happened to Alannah Myles
What are the best places for hard rock music lovers in Kolkata, apart from the Hard Rock Cafe at Burrabazar?
Is Linkin Park's "The Hunting Party" a commercial flop?
If the highest form of art is about pain and misery, why do people have little appreciation for Sopor Aeternus?
What do you think of Sopor Aeternus?
Most violent linkin park song?
I'm a huge fan of The Beatles. Why do my friends hate The Beatles?
What are some great rock/blues/jazz concerts from the 15th to 25th of November in Europe this year?
What is it in the Pink Floyd sound that makes it so unique?
When, how and why did musicians (especially rock and rollers) start to have a wild look (like the most common, long hair)? Please read the question details.
Who do you consider to be an "enfant terrible" in music today?
If someone you know thinks rock was perfected in the '70s, what five albums since the year 2000 would you show them to prove them wrong?
Why is the song "People Are Strange" by The Doors part of psychedelic rock?
Why has U2 been able to stay together for so long?
What is Sublime's legacy?
What are the best steps to creating a concept album?
How did Kid Rock get chosen to honor Led Zeppelin at the 2012 Kennedy Center award ceremony?
Did someone ever mix Grunge with Psychedelic Rock?
If you had to choose 10 songs to introduce the Rolling Stones to someone who had never heard them, which 10 would it be?
When bands play in large stadiums is there a sort of amplifier for the drum kit?
If a 'Best Of...' album were compiled for post-Beatles songs by John, Paul, George and Ringo, what 2 or 3 songs would have to be on it?
Why is Who Do You Love by the Preachers considered an important recording?
What are some must hear Polish songs of any genre?
What are top ten of Iron Maiden?
How come there is not a single RIAA Platinum Album in 2014? What has happened to the music industry?
Who is Sopor Aeternus?
I mostly follow rock music by bands like The Doors, Dire Straits, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Red Hot Chili Peppers and Nirvana. I want to listen to some new bands. What are the latest bands that I can listen to?
Why do people like rock music?
Can someone recommend me a band like Every Hour Kill?
What are some of the greatest songs ever sung by Nat King Cole?
Whose voice is in the intro to Pink Floyd's "One of These Days"?
If I want to write a book of the history of Rock music, which bands, singers, and songs are a must to include?
What are the significant moments in history when someone's talent altered the landscape of a genre?
Did Apple make a good choice by spending $100 million on the U2 album?
What bands/performers are famously great on record but generally bad live?
Was Jim Morrison known to have met the Beatles or Jimi Hendrix?
How does one differentiate between the plethora of sub-genres in Rock? Is there a pattern?
What is it like being the only girl in a music band?
What are some similar songs to Tarzan Boy, Big in Japan, Africa, The Riddle, etc?
Why do I love rock'n'roll but hate the blues?
What are some bands similar to the Foo Fighters?
What is the difference between a rock star and a pop star? Was Michael Jackson, a rock or pop star?
What are some transcendent moments that elevate a good song to greatness?
How valuable would you find a website that summarizes music reviews using people's tweets?
Why does everyone love Led Zeppelin so much? Is there something mysterious about their songs?
Even though he wrote much more meaningful lyrics and thoughtful songs than most of the rock bands, why didn't Chris Cornell of Audioslave get much fame and the honour he deserved?
What is it like to work with John Paul Jones?
What do you think about Gene Simmons's assessment of rock? Is rock really dead?
What are suggestions for some really good bands like Linkin Park and Imagine Dragons?
What are some must hear Icelandic songs of any genre?
Who invented crowd surfing?
What exactly is psychedelic rock?
What are some good rock/pop bands that sing in Catalan?
What is the scope of a rock artist in India?
Which current bands have the techiest names? (i.e. Alt-J)
What has John Paul Jones been mainly doing since Led Zeppelin's breakup?
What is the song 'Coming Back to Life' by Pink Floyd about?
What are the best rock songs for a workout?
Is it okay to not like The Beatles and their music?
Is it time for British rock band Coldplay to compile their own album?
Will David Bowie play live in 2015?
Who's a better drummer and why: Stuart Copeland or Ginger Baker?
What prompted Pink Floyd to put out its first new studio album in 20 years?
Why does success ruin creativity?
What is the meaning behind the song "Deep" by Pearl Jam?
Why is Chuck Prophet not a huge rock star?
What is the earliest use of the word "fuck" on a Pop/Rock musical album?
What are some great '60s or '70s rock instrumentals?
How can I preorder Pink Floyd's upcoming album Endless River in India?
Has the outbreak of Ebola given the Thai rock band called Ebola a bad name?
What are some good funk rock bands similar to RHCP?
Which is the best rock band in Kerala and why?
What is the meaning of Pink Floyd that inspired the band's name?
What is the best song to start your day with?
If you wanted a classical music fan to appreciate rock, what songs would you play them?
What are some non-Anglophone rock bands (who sing in English) that are worth listening to?
Is Phantom of the Paradise better than Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park?
Had Elvis not died in 1977, what impact would he have had on music in the 80s, and how would 80s music have affected him?
How do music labels function? Why are most hip hop artists dying to be signed?
What could be the top 5 best guitar riffs in the Rock/Metal genre?
How might a person go about downloading the Bob Dylan recordings mentioned in this Rolling Stone article?
Why would U2 give away their latest album on iTunes?
What 10 songs would you choose to represent the entire history of rock 'n' roll?
Is U2 really the greatest currently performing and recording band on earth?
What's the best resource to learn popular music history?
Could you say that musically, The Beatles were capable of doing what The Rolling Stones did but not the other way around?
What is the best music album by Enrique Iglesias?
Why are there some good popular musicians like the Beatles and bad popular musicians like Justin Bieber? What distinguishes good popular musicians from bad ones?
What are some of the lesser known facts about The Dark Side Of The Moon by Pink Floyd?
What is your favorite internet radio station for rock music?
What is the best electric keyboard solo in a pop/rock song?
What was Led Zeppelin's inspiration before writing the song "Stairway To Heaven"?
How did you form a band? What was your experience finding the lead singer/drummer/bass guitar lead guitar/digital piano and such?
Is 'God is an Astronaut' the best band ever?
What did we learn about U2 and the state of the music business from this week's Apple event?
What makes a genre? It seems a bit strange that certain bands are considered rock, and some are just 'world'.
What's your suggestion to someone who aims to become a multi-instrumentalist?
What is it like to listen to The Wall by Pink Floyd while high on marijuana?
What do you call '70s guitar sounds?
How can we form a rock band?
How do you decide what English song to download?
Why do members of an orchestra need the music in front of them and members of a rock band don't?
Why is the bass underrated?
How does Dave Grohl's voice hold up after years of singing at full tilt?
I would like to get the autograph of a somewhat obscure musician, guitarist Rob Davis of 1970s glam-rock band Mud. How could I go about doing so?
What are some awesome metal bass lines?
What is the actual meaning of the song "Purple Haze " by Jimi Hendrix (musician)?
Why does every Coldplay song have vocalizations such as "ooooh", "aaaa", or "uuuuh"?
What are the best Spanish rock songs to listen to?
Where can I find unknown bands? Is there a website or a journal?
What is the most under-recognized band from the '90s?
How much of a pioneer bass guitar player has Chris Squire of Yes been?
What are some great stories of a top selling hit record where the songwriting process was just under a couple hours?
Based on the current musical trends and scenario, what are the prospects of aiming to be a professional rock guitarist and playing and touring for a band in the future?
What's the mental frame of mind of a guitarist recording both guitars and bass for his/her band?
What are some best cover artists who do acoustic covers of rock songs?
What are some good Indian, non-metal bands?
What are good modern rock songs?
What makes a band manager successful?
What are some songs with interesting basslines or drumming?
What is the biggest rock concert in terms of people attended?
Is it offensive for white people to perform music written by black people?
Is U2 the best rock band ever?
Who were the first musicians to do stage dives?
What were the tone/EQ settings which Jimmy Page used on his amp in Led Zeppelin's early 70's live shows?
Who are the all-time top 5 guitarists?
Why haven't there been major rock operas since The Who's Tommy in the 1970s?
Why do many people hate the music created by Grateful Dead?
What happened to Billy Joel's original band members?
Which is the best psychedelic rock group after Pink Floyd?
What are the other good songs of Nickelback's upcoming 8th album, "No Fixed Address"?
What are the best techniques to take good pictures of a rocket concert?
Based upon lyrics he has written for himself, how many people has Bob Dylan killed?
What is the difference between progressive metal and progressive rock?
What rock band sounds as good live as they do on their studio recordings?
Is it time for Canadian teen rock artist Avril Lavigne to record her compilation studio album right now?
What is the absolute worst song you've ever heard?
What are most popular rock bands in the USA right now?
What are some good and melodious modern power ballads or say metal ballads?
How do I distinguish the genres of songs?
Who is a better bass guitar player: Iron Maiden's Steve Harris or Yes' Chris Squire?
How overrated is Ozzy Osbourne as a musician?
What are some of the best ever Metal/Rock/Alternative Rock songs with meaningful lyrics?
What English songs should I start listening to that will make me like English songs?
What are some upbeat rock songs built on simple themes and simple structures?
What makes "Hey You" by BTO (Bachman-Turner Overdrive) such a powerful song?
What Iron Maiden album is the best?
What differentiates Rock as a musical genre from others?
What is the meaning of the video of the song "Little Talks" by Of Monsters and Men band?
What is Neal Schon's finest guitar solo with Journey?
What is a blackbeat?
Why isn't Chicago in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Are there any musical similarities between Indian traditional music and British rock music?
What are the most wicked sounding guitar chords like the one Jimi Hendrix played?
What is good modern rock?
What is the rock band who has a settled line-up since it started?
What is the meaning of the song 'In Hell Is Where She Waits For Me' by The Black Dahlia Murder?
What are some of the best music albums (or) songs do you like? (English, Hindi, Telugu, and Tamil)
Where can I find pictures of the Beatles crying (separately or together)?
What are some really good punk rock bands that produce sounds in the Russian language?
What is it like to be a guard onstage at rock concerts?
Are there any Oasis cover bands in NYC?
What are some songs featuring good guitar solos by Nile Rogers?
What was or has been the influence of the song "Another Brick in the Wall" by Pink Floyd?
What did Paul McCartney mean when he said that "she was just seventeen"?
What's the best way to make my acoustic guitar sound like an electric guitar?
Is Skillet the best Christian rock band ever?
What distinguishes rock music from all the rest?
What happened to The Sultans of Swing jazz band that inspired the Dire Straits' 1978 hit of the same name?
In bands featuring only one guitarist how do they manage to incorporate solos, rhythm and riffs (chorus) at the same time?
I'm shooting a live concert video for an indie rock band in a medium to large venue but I can't go through the board. How should I go about getting decent sound?
Can you recommend some Rock/Classic Rock bands from India?
I once heard some solo Henry Rollins that had some complex bass playing. Can anyone tell me what album it was from?
What was it like to be a punk rocker in Manila in the 80s?
What rock songs rock you from the inside every time you listen to them?
What's the lyrical opposite of "Old Time Rock and Roll" by Bob Seger?
What was the importance of Brian Epstein in the success of The Beatles?
How do I learn more about Pink Floyd?
What is it like to audition for the "lead guitarist" in an already somewhat famous rock band?
What is the greatest story about an electric guitar?
What's the best city in the world to start a rock band in 2014?
How is Pink Floyd related to the Prism?
How long does it take to make a Gibson guitar?
What are songs (or even artists or albums) similar to Annihilator self-title track?
Which songwriters, if any, have had the *first* song they ever wrote, become a hit song? What song was it?
How many records has Train (band) sold?
Which works of Christopher Rouse reveal the influence of rock music, and in what aspects?
What is Eyehategod's best album?
I like Tool and Mastodon, but I hate Cookie Monster vocals. What current metal (released w/in the last 2-3 years) should I try out?
As a music geek, what do you think of Linkin Park's The Hunting Party?
Does the essence of a rock n roll band consist of a drummer, bass guitar, and rhythm guitar? If a band does not have these three members, the music is not rock n roll. Is this true?
How will you react if you are being transported from a rock-concert to the planning committee?
As a guitarist with a good hold on the basics, what can I do to improve my speed, accuracy, and phrasing for solos?
Will King Crimson ever release another album?
Based on the music we've heard so far, who do you think is Slipknot's new drummer and replacement for Joey Jordison?
What is the most beautiful song you have ever heard which made you cry over?
Does Chris Christie pay royalties to Bruce Springsteen when using his music?
Why are most people in India unaware of the greatness of The Beatles, The Doors or other classic rock bands, and why do they worship Honey Singh and crap?
Which song have you heard the most number of times?
Should American rock band Train record their compilation studio album right now? They have been recording too many full-length studio albums and releasing too many singles for too long a while.
Why do people like the band Bauhaus?
What are some good live music places in Delhi for fans of rock/blues?
What was the name of a song that was super popular this spring on rock radio with very few lyrics?
Who are some rock songwriters who have demonstrated a special gift for writing great melodies?
I'm 16 and my favourite band is Pink Floyd. Is this normal, and will I ever like modern music?
Where is the Pakistani rock band 'Cross The Band'?
Where can I find metal/rock t-shirts at Pune?
What are the top ten best Led Zeppelin tracks?
What are some less famous plagiarisms of famous artists in music?
What are some really good metal bands like Lamb Of God?
Has any rock concert or other cultural event been deliberately performed in a time and place to coincide with a solar eclipse?
Who mixed the song "Let Go" by Avril Lavigne?
Why was David Bowie's album Toy from 2001 never released?
Are there real world celebrities emblematic of the characters from Spinal Tap?
Playing rock in Venezuela could be as hard to do as salsa in Norway. What is needed to connect to the mass audience?
What are some great Quora answers about music (classical, contemporary, jazz, rock, etc.) that deserve more attention?
What is the metal scene's general opinion about The Black Dahlia Murder (band)?
What are some of the most tragic incidents that have happened during a rock concert?
What bands/artists do you think this band sounds like?
Are there other bands that make music similar to that of The Clientele?
Musically, when did you start to feel old?
Whose reflection is in Neil Young's sunglasses in the famous photo from Oakland Stadium in 1974?
How did Eddie Van Halen invent his unique sound?
What are some of the best contemporary rock songs?
What band had the greatest success in the 80s?
What is your favourite Nick Drake song?
Can someone name the members of The Beatles from left to right in this photo?
What do you think about The Beatles?
What do people enjoy about Black Sabbath?
What is the best song name? Why?
Who will win a battle of bands competition between the United States and England?
What are some of the best progressive metal songs of all time?
What is your favorite boy band?
What are some rock songs with a beautiful piano piece (especially coda) in them?
I was surprised that Jethro Tull was the only band I could think of that is named after a true historical personage. Are there any others?
What do you think about Mansun?
What is a good rock/heavy metal playlist for a 40-minute run?
What music from nowadays is going to be remembered by next generations?
What are some good, slow, beautiful English songs?
What do you think is the best Aerosmith song of all time?
The Who (band): Why do people today not know who The Who is, but they know The Beatles and Rolling Stones?
Who sings the best harmony in rock music?
Where is Mark Hollis (lead singer of Talk Talk) and what is he doing now?
What are the best rock songs you have ever heard?
What do you think of the intro of Money for Nothing?
Music: What are some of the best pyschedelic rock songs?
What are some of best contemporary, alternate, and indie acts?
Did the musicians in The Eagles really rotate on instruments?
What is the best English band?
Psychedelic Rock: What songs are similar to White Rabbit by Jefferson Airplane?
How do rock stars get paid?
What are the top 5 guitar riffs of all time?
Is there any rock song which has more deep and soulful leads than "Comfortably Numb?"
What are your thoughts on He Is Legend's new album "Heavy Fruit"?
Did Roy Orbison ever perform "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" in any concert or recording?
Why do people hate on Black Veil Brides?
Why and how is the word 'rock' associated with music?
What does David Bowie think of the song "Major Tom (Coming Home)" by Peter Schilling?
What is the meaning behind Parkway Drive's song, 'It's Hard to Speak Without a Tongue'? And in your opinion, is it a sad song?
Why do some people not like band musicians?
What do opening acts in a concert do while the headliner performs?
What are the best amp heads and cabinets for metalcore rhythms and shredding solos?
What was the best nu-metal band?
When will the new AC/DC album be released?
Did Dave Mustaine ever record a song with Metallica?
What are the famous 50 rock bands in Kerala?
What's the best and quickest way for a drummer to learn to perform along with big band charts?
What are some of the best songs by Linkin Park?
What are some of the best tribute albums?
What are some good metalcore songs that're big/well known in the genre?
Are Anthem Lights, Ashes Remain and Rehab famous? I haven't seen them on ranking lists.
What is the best Grateful Dead cd or song to start with?
What are some of the best Beatles/Pink Floyd songs?
What are some of the most underrated Rock/Metal songs which most people might have not heard?
What are the top five best alternative rock songs of all time?
What artist sounds like Phoenix and has an airy dance-rock song with the word "even" and a phrase similar to "you're the same as me" in the chorus?
What are the must-listen music bands of all time?
What do people think about the upcoming Pink Floyd album?
Is the 2014 Queen + Adam Lambert tour worth seeing?
Is there a clear-cut dividing line between hard rock and heavy metal? If there is, what is it?
Why were the Replacements never popular at all?
What do you think of the guitar solo at the end of Pearl Jam's "Alive" song?
What electric guitars with or without Floyd Rose are known to stay in tune really well?
What are the best bands that represent Californian style? Especially rock and alternative bands.
As a punk, what do you think of punk scenes from poorer countries?
Which artists have been the "next Dylan"?
Why are The Beatles the greatest band in history?
How do I prevent people from criticizing hard rock/metal music?
I'm a teen and I wanna know, is the genre ROCK dead?
Is the piano intro on Come Sail Away by Styx "borrowed" from a classical piece, or is it a Styx original part?
Why did Robert Plant change the lyric in "That's The Way"?
Does the metal band 'Unlocking the Truth' have what it takes to be a great mainstream metal band?
Why do most English songs have guitar solos?
Do you have to be a child musician to be a successful pop star?
Opeth: What exactly happened to Mike's throat?
What are some really awesome songs by the Canadian rock band 'My Darkest Days' without any profanity?
What are the English and Scottish equivalents of the Hungarian National rock bands like Kárpátia or Egészséges Fejbőr?
What are some English songs that were not very popular but are really good?
What does the Indie Rock genre mean and what are some great songs which represent Indie Rock perfectly?
What are the best jazz, rock, and classical music resources (compiled by expert/eminent critics) that feature comprehensive lists of album, artist reviews, and ratings?
Why does my Facebook page have very few fans when I am popular in my city?
How has the growth of electronic music affected the invention and adoption of new musical instruments?
What is the name of Canadian alternative rock band Nickelback's upcoming 8th album and will there be 11 tracks total in it?
What are the steps to learn guitar, starting from zero skill to developing a decent mastery over it?
What are some bands that have a similar guitar style (or riffs) to Parkway Drive?
Who is the better band: Chicago or the Eagles? Why?
What are some songs that were hated by the initial audiences but later enjoyed by others?
What are some songs with female vocalists singing about their desire for sex?
What is the name this video?
Why aren't there more Asian-American singers?
Why aren't new rock bands coming to the mainstream music scene now like the '80s or the '70s?
Is Slipknot an overrated band?
What are some alternate lyrics to popular karaoke songs that one can sing to make the audience laugh?
Before the web, how did one go about compiling comprehensive discographies of musical acts with very large catalogues?
What is the best 1990s rock revival music you have listened to?
What are some of the best Soft Rock songs of all time?
How was Rock & Roll invented in the early 1950s?
How do you think Nirvana would have evolved musically had Kurt Cobain lived?
Why do some musicians change their style so much from album to album?
What would your life expectancy be if you rock and rolled all night and partied every day?
What are the different sub-genres of rock music?
23 hours ago, did the Ramones want to be sedated?
What celebrities and bands are famous in the US yet not known anywhere else?
What are your expectations from the latest Pink Floyd album?
What is the stylistic difference between a country guitar part and a rock guitar part?
What is it like to be a member of the punk rock subculture?
Are The Scorpions one of a kind?
What are some rare and amazing old photographs of rock musicians?
Who do you think was/is the best vocalist of a rock band?
How would you describe post-punk?
Why does Ringo Starr dislike Liverpool so much?
What bands should a heavy metal newbie start with?
How do I start a rock-themed pub?
Regarding AC/DC albums, I own 'Back in Black'. What should be my next purchase?
What are some songs that use children's singing as a component?
Which Indian rock bands are famous worldwide?
Why is Bohemian Rhapsody considered such a great song?
What is the most famous song/album out now in English?
What is the reason that rock bands sometimes write and record the most twisted and demented songs imaginable?
I am watching you while you watching me and it is time for me to make my move on you/That girl, she is a stalker. What is the name of the song that has these lyrics?
What are some unwritten rules of the rock and metal music genre?
How do I convince someone heavy metal music isn't satanic?
Did Jimi Hendrix ever personally explain any of his lyrics?
I have been building up my recording/design studio over the past year and am finding it difficult to attract clients. What can I do to find new clients?
What are some good new punk bands?
What are the differences between post-rock and experimental rock?
Why are there so few female instrumentalists in rock and metal bands?
What were unique cultural and political influences that made 70s music as distinct as it is?
What is the story behind Syd Barrett leaving Pink Floyd?
What do metal/rock music artists think about their music being pirated? What are their views over such things, where digital products are being copied and used illegally?
How did the members of Led Zeppelin get along?
What are some lesser-known musical gems from the 2000s?
What are some good rap and/or rock songs to listen to when working out, especially when weightlifting or running?
What are the songs that you feel are underrated (lesser known)?
Did the phenomenon of Homeric similes of 80's rock songs (e.g. "Every Rose Has Its Thorns") make a comeback in today's high-concept artists and thematic songs?
Who were the greatest rock bands of the past 30 years?
Why do a lot of music lovers and followers refer to Nirvana's music as repetitive and monotonous?
What is the origin of indie rock music?
Do rock musicians on stage get the volume that the audience receives, or are their front-of-stage monitors at lower volumes?
How would you translate this Smashing Pumpkins poetic lyric (Cupid de Locke)?
What Indian rock bands are worth checking out?
What was it like living in/visiting LA’s Strip during the 1980s?
What are the most misheard lyrics in classic rock?
What music is the world listening to?
What is your band's name?
Why do bands release singles and EPs when they can take more time to do an album/LP?
In your opinion, what's Slayer's best song?
Is Tool considered progressive metal? Why or why not?
What is the difference between metal and progressive metal?
What are the names of some great rock cover bands based in and around Toronto?
What was it like to be a grunge rock drummer in 1980s Seattle?
Is it possible for an English rock band to make it in India?
Who are some bands of the 70s that had a meaningful influence on music but did not receive much popularity during their day?
Why do we love bass in music?
What is some good prog rock for relaxation?
What should I know about classic rock to be able to chat about it?
How has indie rock evolved over the years?
Is Bon Jovi still active with music?
Does art/avant-garde/experimental/noise rock music require decent guitar playing skills and musicianship?
How many albums Linkin Park have?
Joy Division's known to your guys. However, as Chinese, rock music is rarely spread in my country. How am I supposed to understand the "division" meaning? Does it mean "a joyful troop"?
Why are the Beatles more famous than Pink Floyd?
What are some of the best rock bands of the 21st century?
Where did the Beatles come up with the band's name?
Is Jack White the closest thing to a modern day Bob Dylan?
Who are the forefathers of the black metal subgenre?
What are some differences between British and American rock music styles?
What is the best album of songs ever released by any singer?
Why would a guitar virtuoso prefer a pick that's THICK and SMALL?
Where are the best metal / rock music bars in London?
Is there an album (CD or vinyl) in your collection that you are embarrassed to own, but you don't want to get rid of?
What is the weirdest guitar solo you have heard?
Who are some guitarists who are extremely good at several very different styles?
Are there any metal bands that write mostly or only humorous songs?
Any new news about Lumineer's next album? They are a little bit behind from their competitor, Mumford And Sons. The Lumineers are the folk rock band from Denver, Colorado. Mumford And Sons are the folk rock band from London, England.
What is the best album closer made by a classic rock band?
Will Roger Waters be a part of the new Pink Floyd album?
I want to start a rock band and I want to sing. What is the equipment I need? What should I buy if I don't really have a large budget?
Why does the rock genre have mostly bands while the other genres mostly go by the singer's name?
Why are there so many fake Satanists in rock music?
Listen to this and tell me How do I sing?
What happened to Warrant?
Which rap artist do you believe illustrates positive messages to our youth the best? And how does rap music influence our youth today?
How was the Polyphonic Spree structured?
What are the songs with the best and meaningful lyrics?
What is the meaning of the song 'Losing My Religion' by R.E.M.?
As of 2014, who are some the most respected rock music critics?
Which is the greatest musical talent that has come out from your country and why are they the greatest musical talent from your country?
What are the plots of the 2006 and 2007 films titled Joy Division?
What's the history of African-American audiences' interest in Jimi Hendrix?
Why can't Sammy Hagar drive 55?
What songs would you recommend to someone who likes "Comfortably Numb," "Hotel California," "Dream On," and "Back in Black"?
What are good indie folk bands in 2014?
What are the best venues across this backwoods nation to play in?
Why do many fans of rock music dislike (viscerally) country music?
What are some songs by The Beatles that incorporate shifts in meter?
How do you know when you want to rock?
Who are some of your favorite bands or musical artists from countries other than the USA?
What are the best classic rock radio stations?
What are the characteristics of indie rock music?
I'm an amateur guitarist. I want to learn some simple classic rock songs, preferably without solos. Which ones do I start with?
Which rock group is better Queen or Kiss? Why?
What is the best music service to find/play songs of Tomoyasu Hotei?
Outside of The Memphis Horns, what were some other great horn sections of the 60s, 70s, and 80s?
What kind of things would Ronnie Van Zant do on stage while Allen Collins played the Free Bird solo?
What did Bill Graham think of The Mothers?
What is your favourite meme related to the rock/metal music genre in general?
Music Recommendations: What are your favorite obscure pop/folk/rock recordings?
How many times did the Ramones perform in a high school gymnasium?
Which band other than Metallica exploited the E minor chord?
What kind of people enjoy the band Chicago?
What music genre is Jimmy Buffet, and what are some examples of other musicians that fit that genre?
Rock music sounds like a guy just shouting on the stage. Why doesn't this type of music make any sense to me?
What is the history of the relationship between The Brian Jonestown Massacre and The Dandy Warhols?
In concert, what does a musical act "owe" its audience?
What are the characteristics of psychobilly?
What are some tips for tuning guitars to play rock music?
Why don't all rock bands stay united?
Did Oasis band members (Liam or Noel) ever comment on 3rd Eye Blind's debut album that came out the same year as What's the Story (Morning Glory)?
What's the story behind the band Chagall Guevara?
Why aren't Oingo Boingo in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame yet?
What have been some of the best live rock albums of the past few years?
Is Jimmy Page the greatest guitarist alive? Why?
How do you get a song you have written to a known musical group or solo person so that they may consider singing it?
What music led up to the formation of Joy Division?
Who are the musical Knights of the Round Table?
What are the best (less famous) bands you have come across?
What musicians has Freddie Mercury influenced and how?
What are some must have software that an intermediate guitarist should have for learning, practicing, and performing analyzing music and other stuff?
What are the best bands from the past 15 years?
How many of you listen to all of these mentioned genres:  alternative rock, metal, indie & EDM?
My new album "13 Weddings" is out. The world of music has changed so much since I started my music career - what's the best way in 2014 to get the word out about the new album?
How did the band Chicago arrive upon the nomenclature of its albums?
What are some good rock songs that cross multiple genres?
What are some good pop or rock songs that have significant usage of brass?
What are top 5 Guns n Roses songs after slash and other original members left?
What are some controversies/interesting stories related to the cover of Rolling Stone magazine?
What are some classic college rock songs?
Who are some users on YouTube who have good quality live videos of rock bands?
What is the name of this Eminem song?
What are the most iconic rock and roll and pop songs of the 1950's and the 1960's?
What is your review of Hinder (band)?
Why is it that Tool does not have any official music video like other rock bands? I know that Tool is something exceptional, not like the other crappy rock bands, but still, is there any specific reason?
What makes Green Day a great band?
What are Eric Clapton's more psychedelic/trippy works (songs and albums)?
Have you thought of listening to almost every song in every language possible and being an explorer of the music ocean?
What one-hit wonders actually have a great catalog of music?
What are some songs or albums that strike you as being overproduced?
Why aren't Dave Murray and Adrian Smith more respectable guitarplayers?
Why is the quality of songs from the posthumous albums of Michael Jackson so shitty?
What are the worst tribute bands on YouTube?
Are the Rolling Stones overrated? Why or why not?
What are the best underground indie rock bands in 2014?
What is classic rock?
Is it true that Navaster Twistree fronted the rock band Deep Fixx in the late 1960s and early 1970's?
Is Pink Floyd the greatest rock band ever?
What was it like to be present at the Cream reunion concerts at Royal Albert Hall in 2005?
Who do you think were the best 1960s early prog rock band?
What are some of the best heavy metal acts of the 21st century?
Which are some of the commercially successful bands to have come from India?
What should I do to have Eddie Vedder sing "Alive" while wearing only leather pants on my terrace?
When and how did Rock & Roll develop?
What products, services, or incentives should musicians offer in addition to recordings and concerts?
What are some underrated Spanish-language indie rock bands?
What are the greatest rock bands of the 70s and why?
What is the reason why Jason Becker left the band Megadeth?
How do I read different guitar tabs on the Internet?
How do I make it as a rock guitarist in India?
If I love The Beatles, what music of today might I enjoy?
What is the Smashing Pumpkins song Bullet with Butterfly Wings about?
What are some of the greatest songs, with great music, from different parts of the world, in different languages?
I want to be a popular international singer. How do I go about it?
How influential was the English rock band, the Smiths?
How can I write more existentialist lyrics? I'm not new to this philosophy, while in my own life i use these principles to navigate, i find it difficult to express in lyric writing compared to free prose. Any advise or tips on lyric writing.
What are some of the most soulful/meaningful songs?
Why is Linkin Park criticized so much?
What are some good noise rock bands?
When did rock 'n' roll music transition to rock?
What bands should I listen to if I want a similar style to Pink Floyd and Marillion?
If you could reunite a rock band, who would it be and why?
What are your favourite Indian albums of all time?
Which music artist blends playing instruments with dancing choreography well onstage?
Would you consider Harry Nilsson a 70s artist?
Why has SiriusXM not added a Zappa channel to their lineup?
What are the most famous rock music festivals in Gothenburg? And when?
What guitar is Slash playing in this live performance?
Who are some current musicians who are similar to Nick Lowe?
What are some of the best and/or most famous opening riffs to Black Sabbath songs?
Which guitar brand will suit me best for playing heavy metal music?
What great British bands/artist and/or song takes influence from Latin music?
How do you think Jimi Hendrix's music would have evolved if he had not died in 1970?
What is the music scene like in Toronto?
What is your favorite Black Sabbath song?
What are the best progressive rock songs of all time?
What would be the ideal Bruce Springsteen set list? Assume it has 20 songs including the encore.
Armed only with an electric guitar, an amp, and with only very basic guitar playing skills, how do I go about writing a great rock song?
How successful was the rock band Queen?
Which decade in rock music do you think had the greatest concentration of masterpieces written?
How can I find performance space for my rock band in Western Europe?
Is Creedence the best American band ever?
Are there any hardcore Queen/Classic Rock music fans in India?
How did the music artist Gonjasufi record his album, "A Sufi and a Killer"?
Why is the history of the rock genre written in the English language?
What's your interpretation of All That I've Got by The Used?
How did Coldplay create the song "Viva la Vida"?
What is the undercurrent of meaning in the lyrics of the Led Zeppelin cult hit, "Kashmir"?
How did Bo Diddley influence music?
What would be some funny favorite band names for a psychiatrist?
What are the benefits of learning a classical piece of music for a rock guitarist?
Which band is better, Oasis or The Verve?
Do the album artwork for the Pink Floyd albums Animals and Atom Heart Mother seem like they should be switched?
What are some songs that mention more than one city?
What are peoples' thoughts on the new Linkin Park album "The Hunting Party?
How can I use rockabilly, rock, and blues and combine them?
What are the best rock songs to hear when you are high?
What are some good rock songs like 'We Missed The Boat' by Modest Mouse and 'The Underdog' by Spoon?
I always wanted to have a degree in guitar.I want to give trinity rock and pop guitar exams.I don't know where to start.can anyone help me? I am from India.
How did Grace Slick and Co go from creating absolute classics (White Rabbit, Somebody to Love etc) to total garbage (Starship's entire output)?
What makes a good rock concert?
Are there certain rock songs that would have been considered classics regardless of when they were released?
What Led Zeppelin song is in a A minor 7 key?
What songs are similar to "You Can Never Tell" by Chuck Berry in terms of the rhythm?
What is your most favourite song from Ozzy Osbourne besides "Crazy Train"?
If you could be the lead singer for any band in the world, which would you pick?
What is the rock music video with a white man holding a monkey and on a sofa outdoors?
What are some of the best cover songs of famous Bollywood songs?
What would today's music be like if Freddie Mercury was alive?
What is the most underrated song ever composed by Linkin Park?
What was it like to work on Korn's 'Untouchables' album?
How can I isolate the guitar track from a song?
What is the step-by-step approach to learn lead guitar?
Who was the drummer of Bob Marley's Wailers band?
What do opera singers and other classically trained vocalists think of the vocal ranges of pop/rock stars?
What are some ostensibly "live" albums that were heavily modified in the studio?
Who on Quora is involved in the music industry?
I'm going to Budapest as an Erasmus exchange student for the 1st semester (from September to January). As a musician, do you think it's possible for me to easily get some gigs at small bars, just to make some money?
What are some songs like "Oh Yoko!", "Lady Writer," and "Feel Like Makin' love"?
What other post-rock bands can Sigur Ros be best compared to?
Who is the most manufactured artist people in the music business have ever encountered?
What guitar solos should I learn if I want to become better at guitar from a beginners point of view?
How would you define "Carnatic Rock"?
Why do music artist sometimes deceive the public by doing overdubs on live albums?
What was the best year for rock singles?
What was arguably the first "progressive rock" album?
Who are some female singers like Karmin?
What is your favourite indie rock song?
Is Metallica's music categorized under the progressive metal genre? If so, what characteristics of their music style identify it under this genre?
What are some good indie albums you've been listening to recently? (Any genre)
What's so special about the "we will rock you"?
Where's the place to go to start a band? Why?
What is the difference between the rock and punk rock genre?
What are some popular songs about money?
What are the greatest Indian music albums ever composed?
What are some rock songs that are sung in Indian languages (preferably Hindi) by non-Indian bands/artists?
Why do an overwhelming majority of Indians like rock/ heavy metal music? Why isn't "pop" popular in India?
Is coldplay Rock or Pop band?
What are some of the best less-popular songs by Queen?
What are some interesting stories about Rush guitarist Alex Lifeson?
What are the best wireless headphones (over the ear) with good bass within 6k (~ $100)?
What was it like to perform with Frank Zappa?
What famous artists went to music school after becoming successful?
What are some songs that include lyrics about being followed by paparazzi?
Who's the second most important figure in each musical genre?
If we could pick any band in history to create a new album, which band should we choose?
Which Cat Power's album do you think stands out the most?
What are some of the best hard rock/covers of all time?
Are there any rock, progressive, or metal bands in Chennai that are still being formed?
How do I get a big band to play a "secret show"?
In your opinion, what is Guns N Roses' best song?
Where is it unusually common for musical plagiarism to occur?
Who is your favourite guitarist among Joe Satriani, Steve Vai and Yngwie Malmsteen?
Is Pink Floyd getting back together for a reunion tour?
What is the best website in India that sells rock band t-shirts?
Where is the best place online to download demo songs of bands legally that have never been released?
Does Rolling Stone magazine have something against Pink Floyd?
What makes Flood such a great producer?
Why did the Grateful Dead have two drummers?
What is the best book about Led Zeppelin?
What are some songs similar to Paradise by Coldplay?
What are power chords? Why are they so popular in rock?
What do you assert about a singing bowl? What does it mean to you?
How many different genres did Elvis Presley perform during his career?
What is the number of heavy metal music listeners in the world?
Where can I find a list of Japanese rock, hip hop, techno, and anime music?
What are the best songs played by Hard Rock Cafe?
Is it true that it takes 8 hours of surgery and a team of specialist surgical milliners to remove that stupid hat from Slash's head?
The Rolling Stones are playing tonight at Rock in Rio. Unfortunately, they did not allow for live coverage of the concert. What's in it for them?
Who is "the man who would be king"?
What are the most offensive band names that actually exist?
Who gets paid when you cover a popular song?
What are the non-musical reasons you like the music you do?
What do the lyrics of "Animal Nitrate" by Suede describe?
What was the initial public reaction to Black Sabbath? Why?
Why was the Slayer album "Christ Illusion" banned in India while it was released, without any controversy in other majorly Christian countries?
What are the best lo-fi bands?
What are some good examples of bass pedal point being used in rock music?
What is it like to meet Steve Vai?
What are some of the best acoustic performances by rock bands that are available online?
Is Led Zeppelin overrated?
What are some great lyrical works by metal bands?
How do I improvise?
How did it feel like to see Freddie Mercury perform live?
What song should I listen to before dying?
What are some of the best songs sung by Lana Del Ray till date? (Except "Young and Beautiful")
What is the purpose of the bass guitar in a rock band when you can hardly hear it?
What is the frequency of the devil's note?
What are the things that make Bohemian Rhapsody special, other than the musicians?
Are there any Christian bands/artists who have a similar musical style to any of the following bands: American Authors, Imagine Dragons, or The Neighbourhood?
Have the punk rockers of Quora ever liked Avril Lavigne?
What are some songs with a great or distinct chorus?
What are some old equivalents of modern bands and singers?
Why was Adult Contemporary Pop/AOR Rock so popular in the late 80s & early 90s?
What is the best psychedelic rock song by Pink Floyd that can get you high after smoking weed?
What would be a funny name for a band and what style of music would they play?
How do I become a frontman?
What upset Meg White during White Moon at the end of the White Stripes documentary "Under Great White Northern Lights"?
Pink Floyd (band): Is the sun always eclipsed by the moon?
What references to Kurt Cobain's suicide are there in the Foo Fighters' debut album?
How did Latin music influence rock?
Which African countries have had important rock music scenes?
What are the best rock songs about heaven?
Does AC/DC's Angus Young ever get mistaken for a schoolboy with progeria?
How accurate is this chart of popular singers' vocal ranges?
What is Southern Rock?
How do you define 'depth' in music?
Where did indie rock originate from, and how did it originate?
How can I make a career out of playing rock and roll drums?
What are some hypocritical lyrics from famous artists/bands?
How do I fix my bass drum pedal? Every time I tighten it, it comes loose after playing awhile.
What are some good rock parody albums?
Is the film of Gainsbourg's life worth seeing?
How can I learn how to growl and raise my voice singing heavy music?
What were the top ten most important concerts of all time?
What songs do you wish never faded out and continued on forever?
What guitar solos or bass-lines did you learn that most substantially improved your playing or understanding of your instrument?
What are some good heavy metal bands from India?
Why isn't there a movie-like, storytelling rock concert?
What are the good things and bad things I will need to know about if I start a rock band?
How did the Rolling Stones influence rock stylistically?
What are some good new indie rock bands from Britain?
What is the best music reviewing Blog in India?
What are some Rolling Stones songs that feature Keith Richards' best guitar playing?
When answering questions submitted on Quora which ask for one response (such as "best" or "worst"), why do so many people answer with lists of answers?
What bands are people ashamed to admit liking?
Slash or Buckethead?
What are rock concerts like in Argentina?
What's up with Avril Lavigne?
What is the history of indie rock?
Will there ever be a Woodstock rock festival in India?
Who is the best keyboardist on BITS, Pilani Campus?
If you had to listen to 2 songs by 2 different bands or singers for the rest of your life what would they be?
What do you think of the guitar solo at the end of "The man who sold the world" performed by Nirvana?
Is anyone interested in having jamming sessions in Raipur?
Who played bass on Keith Mansfield's classic track "Funky Fanfare"?
Which are the most underrated rock bands of 1990-present?
Who is the greatest pop/rock studio session musician ever?
What are some good progressive rock songs that can easily be divided up between 3 guitars?
Do you fault a musical artist for completely shifting their musical style and going mainstream at the expense of originality to make large profits?
What are some things/tips to consider when writing a chorus?
What makes certain music sound psychedelic?
What is it like to meet Morrissey?
As a guitarist, what are songs, albums, guitarist, style, concept I could check out to expand my horizon?
How can I learn to like modern music?
Why has Biffy Clyro never released the original version of its song Skylight (Opposites album)?
Besides Don't Speak by No Doubt, what are the saddest 1990s alternative rock ballads you have ever listen to?
Which one's more awesome - "You Shook Me All Night Long" by AC/DC or "You Shook Me" by Led Zeppelin?
What are the best pop or rock songs with an orchestral parts?
What rock bands are releasing a new album this year?
What do you compare rock songs with?
What do you think about black metal?
Was Kurt Cobain a vegetarian?
What are the chances that the original members of Guns and Roses will ever reunite?
What are your favorite musical instruments to listen to? Why?
Metal, hardcore and hard rock drummers: what is your preferred double bass pedal and why?
What musical acts are hugely popular in foreign lands, yet not very popular in their home country?
What is considered the best rock lyric?
What are the best songs by acts at least a decade past their prime?
What are the best electronic rock bands everyone should listen to besides Curve and Garbage?
What is the Beatles's most famous song?
Have there been cases in which a record label insisted on publishing a music album with a title that the band hated?
Where and with whom was the band Foreigner most popular with, and how has that changed, if at all, into the present day?
What would be your reaction if your girlfriend dislikes your Pink Floyd songs and makes you listen to Selena Gomez' "Come & Get It"?
What are some love depressing rock songs?
What are some metal bands or perhaps songs where the vocalist voice is heavy, and yet the music is slow but heavy with occasional screaming and and has a somewhat sad/emotional touch to it?
What is it like to listen to The Flaming Lips' Zaireeka as prescribed?
What are some of the nostalgic Bollywood songs that you have heard?
Who are the most eccentric musicians/artists of all time and why?
Has there been a decline in the popularity of rock music in the US over the past decade? If so, why?
Why are so many band names utterly unintelligible?
What are the best songs by the band Why?
Which hip-hop rapper is influenced by indie and rock bands from the 1990s?
Do you know any rock songs using Ostrich tuning?
Why does Jack White never come to Philadelphia? Aside from it being grimy and having a reputation for overzealous fans, is there a story?
Is there any dubstep music that is mixed with traditional East Asian music?
Why is Obla-Di Obla-Da from the Beatles rated as a bad song?
Why is Britain such an important location for rock?
What do you like the most about Freddie Mercury? Give us some interesting facts about his life.
Which rock band is the worst live?
How can I have a good vocabulary and imagination for writing songs?
With their induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, have Nirvana become the band with the least number of studio albums to do so?
Why is Led Zeppelin underrated?
Which rock band, since the starting of time, can be considered as the most creative, and why?
I recently learned of the band Carolina Liar and really like their songs. They have two albums - Coming to Terms and Wild Blessed Freedom. What are some bands similar to them that I should try?
What are songs like "Wasting the Dawn" by Eluviete?
Why do people hate Mumford and Sons?
What is the best playlist for a rock club/pub/room?
Why is the pop song so maligned?
What is your favorite pedal for an electric guitar?
What are some of your favorite non-mainstream bands?
What did metal-heads listen to before metal and before rock & roll?
What are songs that have catchy lyrics?
Would you say the Byrds inspired Bob Dylan? Why or why not?
What are some bands or artists similar to God is an Astronaut?
Other than Metallica's Death Magnetic, what are some of the best examples of poor album mixes that were produced by the "loudness war"?
Can eccentricity and the ability to create complex/sophisticated art forms be linked together?
What is the best collaboration software for members of a music band?
What is the worst cover band in the US?
What was your reaction after listening to Babymetal, a Japanese metal vocal and dance group?
What are the best rock or pop songs with horn sections?
What makes Rock and Roll, Rock and Roll?
Should I live in San Francisco if I want to work in tech by day but really want to start a touring band?
Can I be a music teacher without knowing how to read music?
What is the best soft rock band in the world, musically? Why?
Will listening to pop music while I work prevent me from experiencing a state of flow?
Aside from the instruments themselves, are there notable differences between music made by guitar-based singer-songwriters and that of piano-based singer-songwriters?
What are some songs like These Few Presidents by Why?
What music/band do you play most while driving?
Why are there so few great up-and-coming guitarists in rock music now as compared to a few decades ago ?
What is the story behind the name "30 Seconds to Mars"?
If you were to create the worst band possible, who would you include in it?
What is your best music composition?
Is music the single most impressive man-made creation?
The Stooges' Fun House album and Black Sabbath's debut album had an 'aura' about them that seemingly transcended the actual music. What other albums are like this?
What are some of the most underrated songs of all time?
If you were stranded on a desert island with only 5 guitar pedals, which pedals would you choose and why?
How did music genres get their name?
Why wasn't Queen a very successful act in the States?
What are the bands which are good but not that popular?
What is the best progressive album as an introduction to progressive rock?
Are there any drugs that can increase your creativity and how dangerous are they?
Why are Altaf Raza and Himesh Reshammiya termed as bad/cheap musical taste compared to Ozzy Osbourne?
What non-rock and roll acts most influenced rock and roll?
I'm trying to startup a band. We'd play mainly acoustic guitar and I'd really like to know how to get a startup going to make songs and get gigs/get known. What is your advice?
What was the point of Supertramp?
What is arguably the best sounding/produced studio album ever recorded by a pop/rock act, and why?
What are the best indie and garage rock bands around right now?
How should I start a band in Los Angeles?
Who was a better drummer, Buddy Rich or John Bonham?
What are the synthesizer sounds used on Phoenix's album "Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix"?
What do people like about Bruce Springsteen's music?
Who is the greatest punk rocker of all time?
What are the bands similar to Poets of The Fall, as in great music with meaningful lyrics, not just metal rock?
Why are there songs that are recorded live and don't have a studio version?
What's the fastest and most difficult riff (solo) ever played on an electric guitar?
What musical sub-genres will always be cool, no matter how old they become?
Who is/was the most significant rocker who didn't speak English?
Which are the top box office rockumentaries of this decade?
Who are some great singers or bands of the 80s or 90s whose songs can be enjoyed by today's youth too like Pink Floyd or Led Zeppelin?
What instrumentalists do you dislike?
How many times have you listened to your favorite song?
What do you think is the most ridiculous genre of music ever?
I have been playing guitar for a while now and my left hand fingers have developed calluses. Now typing on my keyboard feels funny. How do guitar players get used to this feeling of asymmetric touch?
How does "rock & roll" differ from "rock"?
Why did Bad Brains sponsor a Ski to Sea team this year?
Does listening to hard rock or songs of metal genre effectively help one in anger (or long-built-up frustrations, for some matters) management?
What are the best "we" songs?
Why do your favorite bands or musical artists begin sounding worse once they begin getting super popular?
What DMB songs should I have my wife listen to starting 9 days before her first concert?
How much does the band Tool charge for a single show?
Which pop, rock, or folk songs, though generally not regarded as religious, refer to God?
How do I keep myself updated with the good and latest music/singles?
How has the rock band Chicago been able to stay together for so long?
Give me some examples for disco or "four on the floor" styled songs that otherwise mainstream rock artists released in the late seventies or early eighties?
What is the best song of Eddie Vedder?
What are some good stories about the Foo Fighters?
In which places and among which demographics in North America and abroad did the Cars enjoy their greatest popularity, and how has that changed, if at all, in the present day?
How popular were/are the Beatles in Japan?
How many people attended rock concerts in the U.S. in 2012 or 2013?
What can we expect from Blink 182’s new album?
How does one become a rock star these days?
Why do some people think Tool is a pretentious band?
Is Rihanna the best female singer ever?
Why do we like songs..How can we say a song bad or good and compare them.what is the thing that make us like the rhythm?
How do you write a lyric to a modern song?
Musicianship: What qualities make someone more natural for bass, drums, keyboard, or guitar?
What are some magnum opus albums I can add to my list?
Why is that radio stations that play various kinds of music genres are still not able to make all songs sound the same?
What was the role of Bhaskar Menon in The Dark Side of The Moon?
How loud do rock singers sing when they are recording in the studio?
How do band members coordinate their songs in live concerts?
What rock songs have been composed around a musical motif and arranged around it?
Why do ears ring and have limited hearing for a day or two after going to a rock concert?
What are some of the best acoustic guitar solos?
What is the best neighborhood in San Francisco to start a rock band?
I am looking for calm deep songs similar to these. What genre should I refer to?
How much does a rock star earn per concert?
Is Pink Floyd "deeper" than most modern pop music?
What are some songs / bands / albums you heard (for the first time) playing in the record shop and instantly had to buy?
What are your favorite Hindi rock songs?
What are some awesome metal songs that have very soft intros before the main portions of the songs?
What's your favorite song from Skillet?
What are some of the best songs or albums by the Bee Gees?
How is the salary of a rock band shared between the members?
I play guitar and sing as well, mostly to rock music. My voice is moderately high but not too high. Is it possible to increase the octaves of my voice by taking serious voice lessons?
What is the best still image from a music video in your opinion?
Which bible story do you think deserves a rock musical?
Would The Beatles have become popular in a different era?
If you could form a rock supergroup of any singers and musicians dead or alive, who would be in your group? Why?
Music Recommendations: What is your favorite song by Jimi Hendrix and why?
Why aren't The Rolling Stones making any new albums after 2005's A Bigger Bang?
What famous bands are known for having an acrimonious break-up?
What are some depressing and dark albums to check out?
How did you start making a living as a musician? What did you do to support yourself until then?
Is vinyl the only true way of listening to classic albums like the Beatles and Pink Floyd?
Who's the most famous music artist of all time?
What are the main differences in technique / things to consider between playing lead guitar and electric bass?
What are some clichés within indie rock and pop, like certain really common band types (new wave revivalism for example)?
What do you think about the band "Rise Against"?
If the Beatles had reconvened in the summer of 1980 for one more album, what would the track listing be?
Should I buy an acoustic guitar because playing on my classical guitar is out of tune?
What is the worst guitar solo in rock music?
A bass player could, in theory, write a song called Defaced in which the bass line is comprised of those note names in that order. Has someone already done this?
What happened to Noel Gallagher's songwriting skills after Oasis' second album?
Is there music like Celldweller - Through The Gates out there? If so, who else plays such music?
What are some of the music videos like "Counting Stars" by One Republic that can give energy and confidence when you see them for the first time?
What are some songs that "feed your soul?"
Is George's "I Want To Tell You" from Revolver off-key?
Which Rap song from the pop star Lil Wayne is the best song ever?
At this point, who has had a greater impact on music: Kurt Cobain or Dave Grohl?
What were Kurt Cobain's beliefs about society, life, and the world?
What are some of the songs that have been written/composed well? This is in regards to arrangements, chord progression, impact, and crafty song writing
What are the most cryptic or surreal songs from bands not known for that kind of music?
What are some of alternative music's strangest and niche genres?
What do you think of the band Space Angels?
What other songs have a sound similar to the Intro in this song?
What are some recommended songs perfect for being played on a 5.1 surround sound system?
Would you like to see the Pope attending a rock concert?
What country is most receptive to rock music?
Were Pink Floyd Britain's best blues band?
Which subgenre of indie rock best describes Sebadoh?
What are the best songs from any music genre that are dedicated to mothers?
Is Tame Impala underrated?
How is that when people say "You Rock" its awsome, but rock by itself is dull and suttle?
What are some lessons you've learned while going on tour in a band?
As a hard rock and metal fan, what are the most "metal" lyrics you've ever heard?
What are some beginner/intermediate Jimi Hendrix songs to play on the guitar?
Why don't international rock bands play in India more frequently?
Did David Bowie ever perform any song from Iggy Pop's The Idiot live?
Was it wrong for the Canadian alternative rock band Default to take a dangerous hiatus on other projects in the middle of their big sequel, between their fourth and fifth albums?
I'm looking for new bands to listen to. What are some talented, not necessarily mainstream rock and roll bands?
What do bands hope to accomplish with clearly stated political themes in their music?
What do you think are the classic rock tracks with the greatest/most awesome guitar solos? Why?
In rock music, which compositions can be considered as a magnum opus? Why?
What are some essential Psychobilly albums and bands that I should hear?
Which songs did the Beatles popularize, but were originally released by other singers?
What are examples of successful bands with shitty lead singers?
What are some of the best folk songs available on YouTube?
What are the most famous rock bands which are not from the US or UK?
What is the best rock and metallica songs?
What's your favorite Iggy Pop and/or Stooges record?
What would a rock enthusiast consider to be examples of quality rock music regardless of the year it was released or the sub-genre, and why?
What are some essential DnB albums and bands that I should hear?
How do I get better at soloing on the guitar and hit fewer sour notes?
Where can I listen to great undiscovered music, online for free?
Is classic rock (60s & 70s) the best genre of all time?
Who are some of the best bands and singers from Kazakhstan?
Have Pink Floyd ever worked with Brian Eno?
Surveys: Is Metallica the best 4-member band ever? Why?
What is a really awesome metal song without any growls and without any brutal double pedaling?
What are some musical acts who dominated their local or regional scenes only to fizzle out when given a chance on a national stage?
What is your favorite track by your favorite band? Why?
If you could replace one member of your favourite band, who would you replace? And who would you replace him/her with? Why?
Is there any band which is as lyrically profound as Pink Floyd?
What are great chords for dark depressing ballad love songs?
Why is the punk brass band Stumblebum not more successful?
The general consensus is that The Beatles are the greatest and most influential of music acts. Aside from The Beatles, who would be your alternative suggestion and why?
Who are the best heavy metal drummers? How would you describe each of their styles?
What were "classic rock" and "modern rock" stations like around the early 90's? Did the "classic rock" format already include hair metal like Motley Crue? Was Winger played alongside Nirvana on the "modern rock" stations?
What are some of the coolest endings to a piece of music?
What is this BGM song?
Around what time did classic rock stations first begin appearing, and what did they play?
Ahmet Ertgun Tribute Concert: Did you expect such a great performance from Led Zeppelin?
Why has pop music overshadowed rock music in today's world?
What are your three current favorite band or musician obsessions?
What is the best album art that you have ever seen?
What steps do bands take in preparation for a tour in the event a band member can't perform for any reason?
As a performer, what is the best way to cold call venues for a larger production as well as a small acoustic duo?
What are some great songs by the English band "Free"?
How do bands get to play at large festivals like Lollapalooza? How much are they paid?
Is there a way to use Logic Pro X as a loop pedal for a bass or guitar?
Why do we get bored of particular songs or music after listening to it many times?
Is Saumya Parikh a Black Veil Brides hater?
Why did Grunge music essentially "kill" the guitar solo in rock?
What are the best rock songs till date?
Freddie Mercury must be India's most important association with rock music. Why is he virtually unknown in India?
What is the best rock song with the best music video?
How does it feel to be in a rock concert?
What's the most famous rock track of all time? Why?
Why are Metallica and Iron Maiden always at each others throats?
How do I compose music using software?
What are the best comebacks in music history?
Contains assumptions:  How did metal music get associated with the Devil/occult arts? Why are most metal bands/songs overtly Satanic?
Why do music critics praise The Ramones for two-chord songs whilst pillorying Status Quo for three-chord ones?
I like alternative rock, indie rock, soft rock and basically all forms of rock that are not hard. What are some band suggestions?
Indian Music: What are your favourite Indian music bands and songs?
Is there a relationship between the Typography used in the logo of different music bands with the type of music they play?
What is Iron Maiden’s best live album?
Musical artist Sting is said to earn $2,000 a day in royalties from "Every Breath You Take" because he owns 100% of the publishing rights. What other artists/song combinations produce such a windfall?
What's the best alternative rock song you've heard?
What is the album or song that made you fall in love with music?
What do you think are some of the best songs till date having evergreen and soulful lyrics?
How do Iron Maiden's three guitarists divide their playing during live performances? Who plays what?
What artists/bands have released sophomore slump albums, only to rebound with one or more critically-acclaimed or popular albums afterwards?
What are some of the most classic songs from the 80's or 90's?
Who are Michael Curtis and Richard Curtis, and how did their song Blue Letter come to be included in Fleetwood Mac's 1975 self-titled album?
What did jazz-rock fusion bands think of Rush's song "La Villa Strangiato"?
What was the last great rock opera?
What's the essential must hear for math rock genre, classics and contemporary?
When will Florence and The Machine release their next album?
Pink Floyd has had some of the best album art that has ever been seen. What was the inspiration behind some of their best album art?
What band would you most like to see reunite and tour in their classic line up?
What happened to Phil Lesh's voice?
What do Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr really think of Yoko Ono?
What is some music that sounds like the Beatles?
Why do major record label executives sanction the release of sexually explicit, violent or religiously offensive music videos, songs or albums from top stars?
Which is your mood enhancing song or music that you like to hear?
What are two songs that have the best rhythm or best beat?
What are your thoughts and /or memories regarding the 50th anniversary of the Beatles first appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show?
Will India ever have a rockstar or a rock group?
What are the most overrated rock bands of all time and why?
Who was the musician who most influenced rock & roll, but not as a singer or guitarist?
Which genre is better for widening your knowledge about guitar playing, self-composition, and writing solos: metal, punk, classic, or funk?
What do classically trained musicians think of Yngwie Malmsteen?
What are some of the best rock ballads in the key of Bm?
How do the things you listen to affect your compositions?
Will John Mayer write any more electric guitar songs or better yet another John Mayer Trio album?
I'm looking for an investor to invest in bringing Linkin Park to India for a live performance. I am in direct contact with their manager and have full rider of the band. Who can I ask to invest?
What are the signature songs per instrument?
What are the best songs by Black Sabbath?
What are some great art rock bands?
What would be some good rock or pop songs for country singers to sing?
How Do You Think Indie Labels Make It In Today's Music Industry?http://lawyersrock.com/independent-music-companies-2014/
How would it be if there was an originality scale or rating for music?
When you have the main musical motif for a piece of music and you want to build a song around this theme. what compositions technique can be considered? E.g Adding more harmony to emphasize the theme Adding counter but complimentary harmony to it Applying Chord composition technique. Throw in some reference to if  you can, rock or classical.
What contemporary music band do you like the most and why?
Why do most of the successful modern pop/rock musicians in the world have good looks and style?
Is it true that the lead singers in bands are not popular?
What is your favorite Rage Against the Machine album?
What do drummers think of Iron Maiden drummer Nicko McBrain?
What are the best songs based mainly on a guitar, i.e. acoustic?
What are some of the largest crowds that have ever gathered for a concert?
What are some great piano and guitar riffs/songs?
What's a great glam rock ballad love song or dark glam rock ballad love song?
Who would you say was the best drummer over the course of the past 30 years?
What are some of the best and most meaningful lyrics in rock music?
How many albums have Marillion sold?
What are some of the coolest openings to a piece of music?
Is Bruce Springsteen religious?
What are some words when a vocalist from a heavy metal band sings, sounds great?
When will the Foo Fighters come to California?
What real-life band does Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem most resemble?
How do musicians perform live concerts under the heavy influences of alcohol and drugs? Wouldn't it dull their senses and reduce their ability to keep beats, pitches and notes?
From where do you start if you are an Indian who has always listened to Hindi/Punjabi music and now wants to start listening to English music?
What are a few songs that have heavy bass?
Which cover of the legendary song, "Hallowed Be Thy Name" by Iron Maiden is your favourite? Why?
Why don't some singed bands who need the service of a good bass player contact me?
What are your favorite lines from English songs?
What's the difference between a rock concept album and a rock opera?
What is the name of Moby's drummer appearing in recent live shows?
What live performances are regarded as the best live rock performances ever?
Do you believe that in a few years EDM will have the reputation like that of mainstream rock or country music?
What are some suggested music titles to listen to for a beginner to Western music?
What defines a song as a 'rock ballad'?
What are new bands right now worth checking out?
Where do I find mind-soothing music similar to Linkin Park?
Did Jimi Hendrix ever record a studio version of "Machine Gun"?
What are the perks of being a DJ?
What musical acts are considered the most influential or greatest of all time by people under 25 years of age?
How do accomplished guitarists write solos?
How can I play John Mellencamp's song called John Cocker on a guitar or ukulele?
Which Iron Maiden songs feature the best guitar playing?
Is there any person who was once a huge fan of Radiohead and then liked some other band more than them?
I'm in need of some new music. I like heavy metal, punk rock and alternative rock. Some of my favorite bands are Of Mice and Men, For All Those Sleeping, and Bring Me The Horizon.  What are your suggestions for what I should start listening to?
What songs have the most hooks in them? Which songs have enough catchy ideas in them that they could be split into into 3 or more good songs?
Is listening to psychedelic rock music as dangerous as taking LSD?
Are there any good reference or resources out there for composition of Drum parts or groove/beats? This may also include composing multiple Drum lines and tips on how to sync it.
What are some of the best organ tones used in a music in our time? Include classic and contemporary music reference, any tracks where organs played a large role in shaping the vibe of the song or utilized well in the composition of the song
How do you compare songs from the 1990s with today's songs and music from golden era's songs?
Would you release music independently or sign with a major label? Why?
What does Tool sound like, in performance, lately?
Who do you think was better for the Beatles: John Lennon or Paul McCartney?
What's a dark depressing sad love song ballad?
Is it possible these days for rock stars to make it in their 20s like the old days? Rock stars in the caliber of David Bowie, Trent Reznor, Brian Eno, Billy Corgan
Do metal and rock music have anything to do with metal and rock as materials?
What is your favorite Joe Satriani track?
What is a "sunset pig (Joni Mitchell)?"
Classical, Jazz, Rock musicians, what do you think about hip-hop as a music genre?
I am searching for rock or rap songs that inspire hate and aggressiveness. What are some suggestions?
When is the next album of Coldplay releasing?
Which rock songs have been sampled the most?
What are some good Psychedelic Rock bands such as The Black Angels and Warlocks?
How do you feel about famous bands playing at Warped Tour?
How do you classify a song into Rock category?
What is the best setup for my 21 band equalizer for rock music?
Which songs feature Johnny Winter's best guitar playing?
What is it like to go on a music tour for more than a year?
What is the best song that you admire and have learned from?
What is one piece of music that can get me into hard rock and metal music?
If you were to start a band, what would you name it?
Why don't music bands release the lyrics, chords and notations of their songs along with their albums?
Which song do you like to shout out along with?
If you were to select musicians for a "dream team" ensemble or super group, who would they be?
What are some songs that you sing to yourself or keep humming like a lunatic?
Who are the most influential musicians/ music bands ever?
What artist is singing "I love rock n roll" in a baby voice?
What are your favorite rock songs about children, and hope for them in the future?
What are some cool guitar "stunts" you have seen?
What are some good songs about young men being introspective?
Who are the rising musicians to watch in 2014?
Who would be in Frank Zappa's band if he were alive today?
If you are a serious pop/rock musician, how do you like classical music?
What are some lesser-known musical gems from the 1960s?
Is Bob Dylan considered a technically proficient musician?
What is the best Beastie Boys album?
With rare exceptions, it seems that rock musicians are most creative in their 20s. Why is this so? Is it the passion of youth? Does success as a musician dull the muse or is my theory wrong?
Why did record labels always remix the single releases of R&B and Pop songs in the 1980s?
Who is the most easily marketable entertainer?  Why?
Who directed The Cooper Temple Clause's music video "Blind Pilots?
What vinyl records are known for having the worst album art?
Which are your top ten alternative/modern rock songs of decade 2000-2010?
Who were the most influential artists in rock & roll?
What are some country music songs to get me interested in the genre?
Music: Why is Jimmy Page considered one of the greatest guitar players of of all time?
Which are the bext examples of rock mixed with classical music patterns?
What colour was Lenny Kravitz's Flying V in the Are You Gonna Go My Way? Video? It's hard to tell in the video but it looks greenish. It could be a creamy white one though.
What bands compare to Emerson, Lake & Palmer, both musically and grandiose?
What are some of the best Psychedelic or Progressive rock bands?
What is it like to see Scissor Sisters live in concert?
Why don't most movies have uptempo R&B or Rock songs during car chases anymore?
Who do you think is currently the most under-rated composer you know?
Who do you think is the best rockstar of 21st century?
How do 'you' compose a song?
Who are some influential powerviolence bands?
What are the defining musical differences between Alternative Rock and Classic Rock?
How much, on average, do the band members of Chicago make per year?
What are some good songs showing off some of Adrian Belew's best guitar work?
Why is it that the rap / hip hop music scene is dominated by black people and rock is dominated by white people?
What are some of the coolest string quartet arrangements?
What is the best Tool album?
Which album do you think is musically and lyrically better- 'The Final Cut' or 'The Division Bell'? Why?
How should I set my guitar for the song "Song 2"?
Musicians:  Are pop musicians nervous prior to each night's performance or does it all become something of a routine?
How best can I explore artists currently leading the post rock music genre?
Who would you say is the greatest Rock act of all time?
Independent Music: When are the British band One Direction going to split apart?
What according to you came out to be the best songs of 2013?
What was the biggest band you've seen live in the smallest venue?
Why is progressive rock so frowned upon these days?
What are the songs which are among your favorites but are not very popular/ are not critically acclaimed?
Who is the most successful female record producer in Rock? Who is the most influential? Why are there not many female record producers?
What is Chuck Berry's legacy?
Music Recommendations: Is Eminem as cool as his songs are?
Which is your favorite Red Hot Chili Peppers album and why?
What are the three greatest Van Morrison songs?
Should Dave Grohl sing Nirvana's songs during their Hall of Fame induction?
What are some recommendations for piano pieces to play in a college-level competition that aren't covers or classics?
What musical key signature is David Bowie's "Ziggy Stardust" in?
Do you think computers are phasing out musical instruments?
Why do audio CDs from the past have low volume?
Which ZZ Top songs feature Billy Gibbons' best guitar playing?
What are some of the great lyrics that you've heard? The ones that have a lot of meaning? Also mention the songs?
Was there any type of music or music style that was similar to Rock and Roll in the middle ages/medieval era?
Do you think the Nickleback song photograph is emotional?
Should I submit my band's music to music blogs?
Which 20th century composers will make it to 2070?
Does Tame Impala have what it takes to become a headliner at major amphitheaters and arenas?
Who is your most favourite lyricist of all times?
What was the reason behind the drop in mainstream popularity of the 70s progressive rock bands in the 80s?
If you want to introduce Dire Straits to someone who doesn't listen to the oldies, what song would you choose?
Why is it that most people in India hate rock and metal?
Where can I find alto saxophone sheet music for pop songs online for free?
What are the best songs by Indian Rock bands?
What popular songs are based on the Romeo and Juliet theme?
What are the first five songs to play when you shuffle your iTunes library?
Why do rock stars keep long hair?
How many people have the "rock star" fantasy?
What was your favorite band as a teenager? Do you still listen to their music?
If I love classic rock, what new music might I enjoy?
What are some bands that play black metal with an avant-garde/experimental twist?
Can some one suggest me a good place for rock music in Goa?
Were there any prominent Indians in the Woodstock '69 crowd? If yes, who were they?
Which is your favorite movie tune/melody?
Music: What is it like to straddle different musical worlds as a performer?
Which songs are the perfect combination of great tunes and profound lyrics?
What is Bruce Springsteen's best live album?
What is "groove"?
What Beatles songs are better as covers?
What was it like to be at Wembley during the 1986 Queen concert?
Is it tedious for famous musicians/bands to continually play their most popular songs in concert after concert, year after year? Why or why not?
What is the pop music? Is it a genre or just the songs which come ton the top 100 charts?
What is it like to make a living as a successful rock star?
Why does Dave Grohl swear so much?
Is it true you had to sell 300,000 copies to get a UK no 1 in the 1980s but you can get to no 1 with just 30,000 sold in the 2010s?
Which singer or band used to be your favourite, but now you can't listen to a single song by them? Why?
Who was the greatest rock star of all time?
Classic Rock Music: What are some good songs about young women being introspective?
What cultural impacts can be accredited to Jimi Hendrix?
Who sings "rocking around the christmas tree"?
What is wrong with music now days? What happened to the good old rock music?
How do I get young kids interested in old rock music like Fleetwood Mac?
What are some lesser-known musical gems from the 1990s?
Who are and were the most underrated musicians?
Music: If you had to make the case that we are in a golden age of pop music, how would you go about it?
What is it like being in a popular rock band?
What was it like to be a musician in the 60s?
If you were commissioned to build Mount Rockmore, featuring carved stone heads of the four most influential persons in rock music, who would the four be?
What is it like to be a Record Producer of an underrated band in India?
What influence did bands like the Beatles and Rolling Stones have on Dave Grohl and his music?
Instrumenal piano Blues - artist or album? Can you recommend something?
Is Coldplay considered good music within its genre? Where can I find more like this?
What is your review of Trout Mask Replica (1969 Captain Beefheart Album)?
Which is the best rock/metal concert that you have ever visited in India?
What is your favorite 90s emo/indie band?
What are some recent rock songs (released in the last 5 or 10 years) that would make good covers for a classic rock band?
Why are there so few current American rock bands with African American members?
Which genre is more famous, heavy metal or rock 'n' roll?
What made the Sound City Studio so special?
Who is the best singer/band/musician in the world and why?
What are cheaper alternatives to Line 6 Pod HD 500 ?
Where can I get band t-shirts in Mumbai from Bravado?
What are your favorite rock and roll Christmas songs?
Mod (subculture): Why do most rockers have long hair?
Many classic rock songs have been penned cooperatively by two and sometimes more people. Why is the same not true of Classical music?
Who is the most prolific musician in rock history?
How are songs without any lyrics named?
What album would you recommend as an entry point to a newbie to The Mekons (someone who prefers rock and alt-country over first wave punk)?
What are some interesting band name origins?
Why is acoustic driven Americana folk rock music so popular today?
What is a good place to start listening to English Music?
How would you define country music?
What was it like to listen to the 80s music during the 80s?
How were some of the greatest songs by The Beach Boys written?
Sigur Rós (band): Where can I find valtari film experiment download link?
What are some great Pedal Steel Guitar performances or songs?
Which are amongst the most legendary concerts / events held till date?
What is the name of this movie from the 1980s?
Which top classic rock bands could you sacrifice, never hear again, to be able to keep listening to those you love the most? List both groups.
What are the advantages of musical band touring?
What was the process in recruiting all the rock stars to appear in Sound City?
What is the interpretation of song 'Black Dog' by Led Zeppelin?
Where to find more pieces like these heard on Air France (Aswefall, Telepopmusik)? What music genre describes them? Recommendations please?
Who was better, Oasis or Blur? Why?
Which artists have created albums, writing all the music, all the lyrics and playing all instruments by themselves?
Which Indian group can be considered to be a good rock band?
What is the name of the artist and song whose music video (released between 2012-2013) shows the artist "video bombing" commercials / ads in cool, creative ways?
Sennheiser HD 202 II vs JBL Tempo on-ear. Both are beginner range headphones. Which one is better? There is negligible difference in the cost. Don't simply go by brand name - Sennheiser. Compare all aspects.
Looking back in hindsight, what was it like to live through the grunge movement? Before, during and after?
What is life like on tour for singers and musicians?
In your opinion which singles have a superior B side to A side?
Why are rock bands in India commercially unsuccessful?
Who is the most underrated musician of our era?
What is the story/reason behind Rock fans and metalheads keeping long hair?
What is really missing from pop music today?
Who are the most influential music producers?
Who is the first one to name rock and roll?
What are some easy/medium difficulty classical rock songs to learn on the violin?
What is it like jamming with Paul MCartney?
What is the meaning of lyrics and video of the song "Counting Stars" by One Republic?
Can you name any great musician who criticized or did not enjoy growlings in black/ death metal?
What was it like to work with Chris Cornell?
Will Brian Wilson and Mike Love, of The Beach Boys, ever write songs together again?
What are some similar songs to Pearl Jam's Black?
What is the name of the rock single which begins with a chorus making a long roaring melody?
Steven Page (musician): The Barenaked Ladies song Is Somebody Singing sounds like what other popular song?
What is the best videogame based on music did you ever play?
What is the reason for the distinct sound of Dire Straits?
Which songs or artists do you like because of the drumming?
What popular song has appeared in the most television commercials?
What tunings does the band Kylesa use?
Did The Beach Boys and The Beatles know each other well?
How has rock music changed from the 1990s to today?
What is the worst Lou Reed song?
Is Jethro Tull a great rock band, utter pretentious crap or something in between?
Was Freddie Mercury the sweetest rockstar ever?
What is the best rock song written/sung about freedom?
What are the online sites to listen High Quality classical rock songs (or online seller in India)?
Who is the queen of Rock n Roll?
Which genre of music is Bangalore missing out on? Which artist would you love to see?
What was the secret of PSY?
What are the best rock-n-roll verses of all time?
What kind of guitar should I get: Washburn or Gibson?
Would the Beatles have been as popular if they were of a different ethnicity?
Is there any way to download episodes of Marshall Crenshaw's radio show, the Bottomless Pit?
What is it like for songwriters to hear their songs sung by other musicians?
What does it take to become a Disk Jockey?
Where can I find an entire compilation of all good songs / music ever composed?
What are some really good MTV Unplugged shows?
What does Tom Waits mean when he sings: "I always take the long way home"?
Why didn't more black people follow in Jimi Hendrix's foot steps and form rock bands?
What is the one benefit of headbanging?
How does a performance change when going from a small venue to a much larger venue?
Why is GreenDay underrated?
What are some bands similar to Oasis and Kasabian?
Do music composers listen to music differently for honing writing skills compared to for enjoyment? Should they? Why or why not?
What songs do the Lumineers like to cover and why?
I need a good guitar song to play it on my electoguitar. It might have a good solo and soft melody (easy listening). Any opinions?
Hard Rock: What are your TOP 3 Stone Sour songs?
Why can't I find any music which is mixed by Rock and House?
What are the saddest Aerosmith songs?
Who is famous rock musicians (heavy metal or black metal) in Korea?
Is Katy Perry the best female singer ever?
Is the picture/image on the cover of the R.E.M. single "Nightswimming" the same one used on the cover of the Radiohead album "The Bends?"
What are some great music albums/artists that are not very popular?
What is it like being in a popular rock band?
What are some albums I would like if I like Yankee Hotel Foxtrot very much?
Instrumenal piano Blues - artist or album? Can you recommend something?
Is Indian rock music dying due to lack of a platform to take them to larger audience?
Which is the best rock/metal concert that you have ever visited in India?
Who are the small background dancers / musicians who performed with Miley Cyrus on German TV?
How old is The Rock?
Can someone Paul McCartney's age (71 at this writing) have a pop hit?
Why is authenticity important in Punk Rock and Hip Hop?
What is the best musicians union to join in L.a.?
What are the best places to learn different forms of music in Mumbai?
Why do bands often play songs faster live than they are recorded for the album?
What are some very memorable tribute concerts ever?
Aren't Clock and Viva la Vida extremely similar musically, thanks to any musicians who can clarify?
What metal bands could be considered to have retained their artistic integrity over the years despite fame and popular success?
Who is the most prolific musician in rock history?
Grateful Dead (band): What is the best live version of New Speedway Boogie?
Which are the new and exciting rock music bands from India that one should look out for?
Did Frank Zappa tacitly allow the release of soundboard recordings from his live shows to his fans? Who within his team would have done this if it went against his wishes?
Was there any chance of a 4rth Nirvana album previous to April 1994?
What's the most unexpectedly awesome support band you've ever seen?
What album would you recommend as an entry point to a newbie to The Mekons (someone who prefers rock and alt-country over first wave punk)?
What happened to the term 'alternative rock'?
Why is acoustic driven Americana folk rock music so popular today?
What are some of the most profound lyrics by The Beatles?
How would you define country music?
What was it like to listen to the 80s music during the 80s?
What are the songs that you must listen if you are new to rock music?
Where can one listen to live music for free (or not much) in Sydney?
Which ex-Beatle do you think had the most successful solo career?
Sigur Rós (band): Where can I find valtari film experiment download link?
What are the best rap-rock songs ever?
Music Recommendations: What are some songs similar to "Are you gonna be my girl?" by the band Jet?
What experience with music affected you in a profound and unanticipated way?
Which are amongst the most legendary concerts / events held till date?
If I like Neutral Milk Hotel, what other bands will I like?
Is Phil Campbell (Motorhead) the most underrated guitarist of all time?
What is the rock and roll song that has been most portrayed in movies?
Which of the 2013 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame nominations do you think should be inducted this year?
Many great rock bands have lyrical songs, lullabies. Do you like that or do you think that the lyrical songs disrupt the rock atmosphere of the album? If you like these songs, can you share some with us?
What are some of the best rock ballads of all time?
Is George Harrison thought of more highly than the other Beatles in India due to his integrating Indian music's sounds and instruments in their music?
What's the best site to buy wav files on?
Where to find more pieces like these heard on Air France (Aswefall, Telepopmusik)? What music genre describes them? Recommendations please?
Who was better, Oasis or Blur? Why?
What's the best way to get floor tickets (GA) for the Pearl Jam concert at Oracle Arena?
Why do Gorillaz always use animated characters to represent themselves in almost all their music videos?
What is the difference between being an 'entertainer/performer' and an 'artist'?
Electronic Music: Does the band U2 recycle a lot of the same basic rhythmic and melodic elements? If so which ones?
What are some chart-topping records from the 80s that stand the test of time and are actually good?
Where did the accent that some rock musicians use when they sing come from?
Guitars: Should a power chord be played with two or three fingers?
What are good ways to define Rock music and Rock band?
Is Fall Out Boy a good band?
Grateful Dead (band): What is the best live version of Comes A Time?
Which album of the past five years will be acknowledged as one of the greatest ever made, in twenty years' time?
Why do people smoke weed during rock concerts?
Are there any bands or composers that, in theory, you should like but don't?
Sennheiser HD 202 II vs JBL Tempo on-ear. Both are beginner range headphones. Which one is better? There is negligible difference in the cost. Don't simply go by brand name - Sennheiser. Compare all aspects.
How do I join a rock band?
What are the top 10 US solo artists of all time?
What is your favorite song which is not so popular?
Why the album "One Hot Minute", from the "Red Hot Chilli Peppers", received so many bad reviews, when it is actually a very good album?
What are some songs which are similar to "Asleep"? Artist - The Smiths | Album - Louder than Bombs
What is really missing from pop music today?
Why is the rock music scenario so undeveloped in india?
How many guitars does a rock band need to be/become popular?
What are the long term effects of epic/energy music on our brain/psychology?
What are some good songs to listen to whilst smithing hot steel? (I'm quite familiar with led zeppelin, give me something a tad more obscure)
What song the band is playing at 0:48 of this video?
What are the best bass guitar solos ever?
How do you play the guitar solo in Pat Benatar's song "Hit Me with You Best Shot?"
Which is the best song for me to learn as an amateur acoustic guitarist?
Can you name any great musician who criticized or did not enjoy growlings in black/ death metal?
Grateful Dead (band): What is the best live version of Looks Like Rain?
Where does Motley Crue rank in top 20 all-time greatest 80s bands?
What is rock music?
What are some songs that every guitarist should learn?
How do I give a "radio" effect to a sample in my pop song?
Was Ted Nugent a draft dodger?
Which is better: hip hop or rock?
Are there any Christian bands just like or very close to the Black Keys?
What is the best videogame based on music did you ever play?
Which band has the most skilled musicians?
Which band is better, The Black Keys or The White Stripes?
Pop Music: How did Paul McCartney's new album New come to be?
Why did Dream Theater go for this radical change in their sound in the new self titled album?
How good must one be at drumming to make it in with a rock band and keep up?
How can I improve my live performance as a musician?
How has rock music changed from the 1990s to today?
What is the worst Lou Reed song?
Which bands or artists around today will be the musical legends of the future akin to Queen, Elton John, The Beatles etc.?
What influenced the band "coldplay" to go by that name?
How do people with long nails use the iPad's touch interface?
Music: Top ten Psychedelic bands forever?
What are songs featuring good bass guitar music?
Why do lead singers stand on a carpet while performing?
What are some great clubs with live music in Pune?
Fantasy rock group, who would you have in your super group?
What are the works by classically trained composers that make reference to popular songs?
Are you an expert in a musical style? If so how would you describe that style to someone with little musical knowledge?
Why is rock turning into more of pop?
Why are rock fans ashamed to admit they like listening to cheesy pop songs in secret?
Do you think that Rage Against The Machines copied the introductory riff of their song Wake Up from the song Kashmir by Led Zeppelin?
In the context of rock music, what is band spirit?
What is the best cover of a Grateful Dead song?
Do you like http://ratunesrockstation.com ? I plan to add over 200 great rock tunes I have remixed?
Grateful Dead (band): What is the best live version of Wharf Rat?
What are the some best music genres in the world? Arabian/Sufi/Indian Classical/Jazz? Also who is best in a particular genre?
What does Tom Waits mean when he sings: "I always take the long way home"?
What is it like working with Dave Grohl?
What are alternate sources of income for musicians who still haven't made it big?
Do you like the new Pixies EP?
Hard Rock: What are your TOP 3 Stone Sour songs?
If Music appeared as a person to meet you, What would you say to him/her?
What are some songs that sound like their titles?
Was there some kind of rivalry between Nirvana and Guns N' Roses?
Which song is best suited to describe the current state of urban India?
International Copyright Law: Who would I have to contact if I wanted to remix and/or sample Queen's song "Bohemian Rhapsody"?
What if Led Zeppelin decide to release another album called Led Zeppelin V?
What would it take a woman to be included in a hard rock band like AC/DC or Iron Maiden?
What are some of the best Kurt Cobain quotes?
What are some rock songs that name a lot of other bands?
How is deadmau5 talented?
What are some follow-ups of highly successful albums that were very good but flopped due to extremely high anticipation?
What are the three best examples of Robert Plant's singing ability?
What are the most over-rated songs of all time?
What are your Top 5 JJ Cale songs? Wanted to make a tribute playlist for the great man.
Any album during the last 15 years that are/will become a classic album?
How different would our worlds be if the legends as Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Freddie Mercury, John Lennon, Bon Scott, Elvis Presley, Kurt Cobain were still alive?
Why does bass sound so good?
What's the best song request to make of Jackson Browne at a concert?
How can I find good music tracks like the ones used in the movie "The perks of being a wallflower"?
What are the songs in HBO's Witness-Libya episode? Specifically the one at 31:17
Which famous songs are strongly inspired by the Beatles?
Why were Iron Maiden's studio albums removed from iTunes?
Where can I rent a guitar?
As a single performer , how to Perform Electronic Music (including Dubstep music) live on stage with a MacBook Pro (product) and a Yamaha Corporation keyboard?
Why most of the famous music band performances and concerts happen in Bangalore?
What are some most underrated albums of all time?
Can a trained classical pianist easily transition to play in a rock band? Does everyone need to learn to read tabs?
Which song reflects your life currently?
Any websites similar to artistfacts.com and songfacts.com?
Why are concert audiences able to sing in key?
What's the instrument used in the intro of "Elephant Stone"?
Music Recommendations: What are some good contemporary rock bands?
What were the reasons which led to the birth of Rock & Roll?
What are some songs like Paradise City or Jukebox Hero?
Which is the least hated band in the world?
What are some best songs to heal a broken heart?
Taiwan: Why is Mayday (五月天) so popular around the Chinese-language music world?
Asking Stupid Question, Getting Lost, Music...music: Has 38 special ever played "Happy Birthday"?
Albums similar to History: America's Greatest Hits?
Who's the most influential musician in past & present society?
What is Chuck Berry's greatest song?
Why do some people despise Radiohead?
When and How will Linkin Park  visit India?
What are some of the most melodious tunes ever composed?
What are the best filipino songs that use only percussion instruments?
What is the best song to "rock out" to?
What is your review of Rock Music?
What are some of the best ways to find the scale of any song?
Are The Killers underrated?
Do you think that there was a degradation of music in the 80's?
What are some lesser-known musical gems from the 1970s and 1980s?
What are some of the scariest / most gruesome / shocking death metal music videos?
Where do you go to discover new bands and artists online?
Who would win in a fair fight between Lemmy Kilmister from Motörhead, and all currently living Ramones?
Why do a lot of rock stars wear tight pants?
Music Notation: What is the time signature of this rock song and how do we know?
Is the TOOL song Lateralus actually based on the Fibonacci sequence according to the band? Or is it just a flimsy theory someone else has come up with?
What are some underrated songs that you wish more people knew about?
What are the peppy songs to listen while on the treadmill?
Which is your favourite Queen song? Why?
Why has Steve Perry not released much new music since his last album with Journey in 1996?
What was it like to be a hardcore Nirvana fan in the 90s?
What classic rock groups, and modern alternative rock groups make the most interesting use of interesting chords (chords beyond your average major/minor triads or seventh chords), or modes (beyond ionian and aeolian)?
What song best expresses the overwhelming realization of existence?
What's the best song by Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds?
How did the band Linkin Park get their name?
What is in your opinion the best prog rock band?
Have you ever wondered who else in the world is listening to the same song you are listening to?
What good albums I probably haven't heard?
Which English language pop song best evokes the sense of summer?
Is Drew Houston's band Angry Flannel still active?
Who is the black Marilyn Manson?
Do you feel that majority of the AC/DC's songs sound similar?
In your opinion, who were the top three drummers of the Rock era?
If you were to create a band consisting of your favourite artists/musicians, whom would you pick and why?
Had Buddy Holly not died in a plane crash, in what possible directions would his sound have evolved?
Song Lyrics: What does the word 'dancer' mean?
What are some of the most manliest songs?
Who is the highest paid rock band?
What are some albums I would like if I like The Velvet Underground and Nico very much?
What are good ways to find good rock songs online?
What does CE stand for in guitar circumstances?
What is the spirit of Rock 'n Roll?
What is an amazing song that you like which you feel hasn't got the attention it deserved?
Who amongst the band members in Pink Floyd formulated the lighting and the special effects in live shows?
What are the websites to keep track of the latest in Rock, Metal and Trance music?
What are the origins of the new wave bass guitar sound?
Which is the best song by Avril Lavigne you love the most  and why?
Which is the most unobtrusive, comprehensive song lyrics site?
Music Festivals: What are some concerts to go to on the east coast of the United States?
Which is the best band of the 20th century?
What are some songs/bands you used to like earlier, but not anymore?
Did Danko Jones record a version of "First Date" in 2002?
What's it like to play in a band?
Which bands/artists sound better live than on record?
Can late 80's and early 90's be considered as a great time for the rock industry, specially psychedelic rock?
Why do most people never understand rock and metal?
Which music will give you relief in depression?
Which is the best band of the 21st century?
Music Albums Rock SongsSong Lyrics The best live performances of rock band which we wish we were a part of audience?
What influenced "The Doors" to name their band?
What really is an Iron Maiden?
Why is rock music considered barbaric and insane, and not hip hop or any other genre of music?
Who are some amazing female guitar players?
What is it like to be a rhythm guitarist in a rock band?
Live Music: Why are there so many US venues called 'the Fillmore'?
Why is Rock Music so underrated in India?
Some people say The Black Keys is today's generation Led Zeppelin... is it possible to create another Led Zeppelin?
Who are the best music mastering engineers right now?
How can train my voice to match AC DCs lead singer Brian Johnson?  rock and roll
How is Green Day a punk rock band?
What is Eric Clapton like, as a person?
Which rock bands are originally from California?
Which bands sound similar to Tool?
How would you change the face of the modern music landscape?
Songs and bands like "Going to California", by Led Zeppelin?
Which rock stars have played pro soccer?
What made Krautrock so compelling and influential?
What is the meaning of Neil Young's song: After the Goldrush?
What are the most famous songs by the band Within Temptation?
Why is Deep Purple not in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Did Nirvana ever use prerecorded tracks on their live performances?
What is the best album cover-art you've come across?
Green Day (band): What's your favourite track from iUNO!,iDOS! and iTRE! ?
Why do all replacement singers sound just like the original?
Why is rock n' roll also called the devil's music?
What is the best wild album: Wild Planet (The B-52s), Wild Gift (X), Wild Mood Swings (The Cure), The Wild, the Innocent and the E Street Shuffle (Bruce Springsteen), The Wild Tchoupitoulas or Wild Flag?
What are examples of modern pop/rock singers with various English regional accents?
Hard Rock: Does anyone care for the new Queensryche singer? 
What technicalities of music should an ardent music lover know?
Who has the greatest female voice in hard rock today?
What are the best uses of orchestral instruments in popular or rock music?
How is sampled music scored?
First song of The National ever?
What brand guitar is the white, Fender-shaped instrument used by JJ Cale in recent years?
Is Little Talks by Of Monsters And Men sad?
What was the first band to have both musicians with instruments and a turntable DJ onstage together?
Why none of the iron maiden's song considered in greatest guitar solos?
What are some great concert organized in India in past few years?
When did your formerly favorite band or artist jump the shark?
What are the best Radiohead songs?
What songs are named after/about places in NYC?
What music videos do you remember most fondly from your youth?
Why do some people with bipolar disorder come off as intimidating?
What is a recent favorite song of yours?
What is a more provocative way to say that I have moved past hate, and am now at a point of simple disinterest?
Amplifiers: Which are some great low budget Marshall combo guitar amps?
Does Creed frontman sound a little like Vedder from Pearl Jam? (Pearl Jam fans: Take it easy, I'm not comparing or branding their sounds as identical, I just wanted to know if Creed is a little inspired by early Pearl Jam.)
What is the most funny "Own Composition" that you've ever heard by just some unknown group of people?
Why is rock music so popular?
Besides Dave Grohl, which band members have gone from one very successful band and formed/joined another band only to be equally/more popular than in the previous band?
What are some melodic death metal bands like Insomnium?
What is the most funny composition you have heard from an unknown Band?
Which are best music songs which teach a lesson for life?
Is rock group U2 entire music like Vivaldi´s? A single piece with 800 variations...?
What are some older songs that were introduced to a younger audience through movies?
What is your review of The Police (band)?
Which one is best : dubstep or Rock music?
Why are there no dire straits songs in the Rolling Stone list of Top 500 greatest songs of all time?
Why is there a resurgence in the demand for vinyl records?
Who was the Elizabeth Reed memorialised in the Allman Brothers' song 'In Memory Of Elizabeth Reed'?
I feel Pink Floyd and Radiohead have stirring music with such depth. what other bands are similar to them?
How do musicians name their instrumental songs?
How come a lot of singers sing "may" for the word "me"?
What are some interesting anecdotes regarding metal or rock bands?
What album sounds like The Beach Boys meet Sonic Youth in a helium baloon?
What would Rolling Stones be nowadays if Brian Jones had not died?
At live concerts, how do musicians perform songs featuring artists that aren't touring with them?
Music: Which is better Led Zeppelin or Pink Floyd?
What songs, or albums, should be made into a movie?
Why doesn't twelve feet ninja release more albums?.
What are the characteristics of prog rock?
What is it like to be a member of a band or an orchestra? 
What were the most insane "rock n' roll" stunts ever pulled by musicians?
Why isn't year of the black rainbow as good as coheed & cambria's other albums?
Why is rock music never in the Billboard Top 10?
How does The Who end Baba O'Riley so perfectly on the beat?
Who is the most iconic musician of the 20th and 21st century?
What are 3 stereotypical elements of a music genre?
If you could form a Metal Band by choosing members from different bands in the world, what would be the line up?
Music Recommendations: What are good German rock bands?
Who are the models from Pink Floyd's back catalogue?
What was the first band to form with a drummer, a guitarist (or two), a bassist, and a vocalist?
Would you be sued or blacklisted for destroying music masters?
1990s Music: Why does Dramarama's "What Are We Gonna Do" claim Earth Day is April 21?
Pink Floyd (band): Sounds from which machine/s have been used at the start and end of the song "Welcome To The Machine"?
What are some little known (and underrated) progressive rock/metal bands?
What is the meaning of the song ”Beautiful ones” from Suede? The lyrics like "glue", "Shaking their bits to the hits .Drag acts. drug acts  ", "loved up","doved up" seem not easy to understand?
How much alcohol did John Bonham consume on the night of his death?
Is there any song which perfectly tests all the features of a woofer/speaker system?
What was it like to be a punk?
Which bands did the Beatles inspire in intentionally misspelling their name?
Did Fred Durst or Wes Borland do drugs?
What are some Scissor Sisters' songs with same singing style as "Fire with Fire"?
What are the most fundamental rules for a bass guitarist?
What international rock bands have toured in India so far for concerts?
Who are the great composers of today that will be revered/studied in the future?
Is Guns and Roses a Punk, Metal or Blues band?
Why is the Australian Musician's Union a toothless tiger?
Is Linkin Park an overrated band?
Where exactly does the band Black Veil Brides stand for?
What is the best beat happening album?
Why is Led Zeppelin not currently as popular as other bands like Beatles, Pink Floyd etc.  even though being the most successful and famous band in their time?
1990s Music: What is the greatest 90s rock song?
Which is a better band: Pink Floyd or Nirvana? Why?
What genre is Lima Ben?
Which are the best recorded live concerts available on youtube?
What are the most overrated albums ever?
What are some rock songs about India by foreign bands?
What are some of the more successful comeback / reunion albums?
Why has coldplay changed so much and turned to be illuminati-alike band?
What is the best Nirvana album?
What are some of the most hyped music albums of all time?
What does it mean when one says "The music is too technical"?
What are some rock/metal songs that feature elements of Indian Music?
In terms of popularity, what are the greatest bands of all time?
Led Zeppelin (band): Why is the song 'Stairway to Heaven' so popular?
There was a video from the early-mid 2000s, I forget which group, which showed a ring fight in which the protagonist pretends to lose a fight only to win at the end, in order to win more money...does anyone have any idea about the song?
Why don't classic rock stations play Buzzcocks, Husker Du, Sex Pistols, etc?
Why is live music not simulcast on pay preview?
What are theTop 5 Melodic Death Metal bands in your opinion?
What is your review of The Replacements?
Which are your favourite existing recording studios in North America?
How should I listen to Pink Floyd?
Concerts: What does it feel like to crowd surf and would you recommend it? Should it be on my bucket list?
In the history of Rock and Roll hairstyle, which came first the shag or the mullet?
Is Nirvana an overrated band?
What are some songs with lyrics that reference people of a specific age?
Which is the best rock album in 2012 and 2013?
What are some good songs that aren't as popular as they should be?
What is best eighther Dance Or Music?
Which is a better song, Kashmir or Stairway to heaven?
What's it like to be in a live AC/DC performance?
What makes the Golden Earring such a great band?
What bands have been most inspired by the Kinks?
How can you write your own song lyrics to create a song that becomes popular?
What are some influential instrumental tracks (non-classical), and why?
What makes the band Green Day so awesome?
What are some of the best recorded live drunk performances by rock bands?
Which bands or artists, in your opinion, have never put out a single "bad" song?
What are your views about "Children of Bodom" (band) are the song videos too scary?but the band is quite popular why?
In the Rolling Stones song "19th Nervous Breakdown", what is the reference to "making sealing wax" all about?
What are some black metal bands worth listening to?
Electric Guitar: If I replace the stock humbuckers on my Schecter Demon with Alnico II Pro pickups, will I get a better sound for classic rock?
What is the definition of Indie Rock?
My friends have a rock band . any suggesstions for competition or sponsor or anything ......... any suggessions?
How would you rate Richie Sambora as a guitarist?
Which Van Halen do you prefer? David Lee Roth's or Sammy Hagar's?
Which bands have been there for long be been able to produce only one commercial hit?
What is the best Grunge band ever?
What is one of your favourite rock songs exceeding 5 minutes?
What are some of the best concept albums ever made?
What is the significance of naming an album after the band's or artist's name?
Are the Grateful Dead the best American rock band of all time?
What are some songs that make interesting use of dynamic change?
How is music related to spiritual awakening?
Music Recommendations: What are some awesome bands you love that most people have not heard of?
If Elvis dropped The Colonel and took charge of his life, where would he be today?
How do vocalists like James Hetfield, Chad Kroeger, Dave Mustaine, Corey Taylor etc. have that gruff quality to their voice?
What are the best rock tribute bands?
How come all the popular musical scales around the world are the same?
Why didn't the post-punk band The Chameleons achieve more success?
Who are some musicians who have made both incredibly good and epically horrible music?
How can I get a lot of Bass vibrations on the cheap?
How do you tell, by pure sound, which decade a song was recorded in?
Where can I learn drums in Noida?
Which is the most popular music number by a band from a non-English speaking country?
"Can any one tell if there is good talk radio on Iheart radio, also time and station"?
How many people can say they've listened to every Bob Dylan album?
What are some of the bands that rock the stage?
Which bands have songs with same name as the album name and the band's name?
How does movie can earn money from its music?
Can Jimmy Wales sing or can he play a guitar?
How old were you when you listened to your first rock song?Which song was it? Also, what are bands you can't  go a day without?
Which are the great "listen from end to end" albums of the 21st century (so far)?
Dinosaur jr's freak scene vs mudhoney's touch me I'm sick ... Which is the 1st generation x anthem?
What are some songs about hot girls?
When and why did Canadian rocker Neil Young buy Lionel Trains?
You receive a call from one of the world's greatest music impresarios, asking you to put together a track listing for a new album entitled "Heavy Metal - But Not As We Know It!".  Which tracks would you definitely include?
What are some good depressed or nearly depressed sounding rock artists?
What songs do you like to see a cover band play?
How does an normal person can be famous?
What is the best Rock and Roll band of all time?
Which is the most over-rated rock song of all time?
How is the genre of a song defined?
What are some of the most iconic moments in the history of Rock music?
What is the absolute WORST rock song of all time?
What are Tom Petty's political views?
How many guitarists are required for a rock/metal band?
Does Axis of Awesome's "4 Chords" really say anything meaningful about pop music?
What are some of the best guitar solos played by women?
How many led zeppelin remaster exist? Do some of them have more content than others? Which one of them is the best?
What is the first popular song you remember hearing/listening to in your youth whether on TV, at the movies, radio, or the Internet, and what if any impact did it have?
Vinyl Records: Who are some of the most iconic album artists of all time?
What are some lesser known Rock bands worth listening to?
What are the ways to categorize songs into rock, hip hop, pop etc. when we hear a random song?
Is there a more versatile instrument other than the guitar?
What are some underrated Pink Floyd songs?
What are some good current classical rock bands?
Music industry: Has the rise of digital music lead to the death of the album as an art form?
What is your favorite top ten list of Slayer?
Which is the best rock band alive and playing in the world?
What are the best garage rock bands of the 2010s?
I would like to know some tips and guide lines  for composing a bass line for a kick drum pattern?
What are some of the songs that best fit the example of evergreen music?
What is your review of Nick Drake?
What are some light rock (soft rock) songs one must listen to?
Is there a band that had a bigger social impact than the Beatles did?
Which are the most enduring classic punk rock bands?
What are the things that every Green Day fan should know about?
Is Glam/Hair metal a thing of the past? Looks like it.
What are the top ten rockumentaries?
What's the most disappointing musical concert/performance you have ever attended and why was it the case?
What are bands the uses saxophone in rock music?
What are some of the most influential bands in the history of Rock music?
What are some of the bands that sound exactly like they do on their records when performing live?
What are some good tips for metal singing?
Does classic rock define a style of music or a piece of music written in a period of time?
Which are the most underrated progressive rock bands?
Which is the most rocking song Green Day has ever recorded?
There is a jam session where you can invite any musician from any era, who would you invite to play in the jam session?
What musical albums are the most under-rated in your opinion and why?
What was it like to be at a concert with Dean Reed in Soviet Russia?
What is your best list for progressive/rock songs inspire me?
Singing: What makes Chester Bennington so unique?
Rock music: What are top rock music categories and sub categories?
Why won't Bob Seger play in Europe?
Why are the works of some bands (like Nickelback, Green Day, Linkin Park, Simple Plan, etc.) not considered good music, in spite of them being so popular and successful?
What did people make of Bohemian Rhapsody when it first came out?
Which song of Green Day has most profound and meaningful lyrics as far as their genre punk rock is concerned and why?
Who is the best rock singer of all time?
Who is the best Guitar Smasher?
Why isn't John Paul Jones celebrated as much as the other three in Led Zeppelin?
How did Axl Rose's bride die in the music video of November Rain?
How many people can say they've listened to everything the Grateful Dead have ever released?
Why do performances of post-classical music lack physical moderation?
Does madness about Rock music take you away from your love life?
Why do I like rock music more than hip hop music?
Which Albums/Songs by the bands-Yes, and Tool, would you suggest to someone who is listening to these bands for the first time?
What is the song "Don't Stop Believin'" by Journey really about?
Nirvana (band): Where can I find reviews of Nevermind that where published in 1991 or early 1992
Why is progressive rock so unpopular?
Why isn't the band, The Damned Things, bigger?
Why is there less narrative in modern songs than traditional folk songs?
What's the appeal of the Black Keys?
Which is the most common venue for recorded live albums?
Is 'Sylvia Plath' by Peter Laughner sardonic or sincere?
What is the difference between types of rock music?
Pink Floyd. The Doors. The Beatles. Led Zeppelin. Etc. Who is the greatest band of all time?
Are there  any good Apps for ear training?
How many people can honestly say they've listened to every Neil Young Album?
Is Dave Grohl the greatest Rock musician ever?
Why have almost all of the best rock bands originated in UK?
What do the bass and treble settings do in a speaker/woofer?
How do you dance to rock music?
How many people can say they've listened to every Frank Zappa album?
Which music band would you want your kids to listen to? And why?
Which is the most evil/badass Metal band ever?
What is your review of Red Hot Chili Peppers (band)?
What are the best acoustic guitar finger-picked songs?
What is the most trippy music video you have seen ? When you are high you hear/view that video innumerable times - what is that?
Can Indian Rock bands beat Bollywood music?
Why is the Budokan such a popular location for recording live albums?
What are some great songs from the rock music genre to listen to when high?
Which sub-genres of Rock music are most popular presently?
How was the backbeat introduced to American country music?
Which bands do you think will save Rock & Roll?
Is there a website where you can type in a musical band and are returned similar sounding bands?
Will Iron Maiden, Metallica, Pink Floyd and Gorgoroth perform together someday in future?
Which music must not be overlooked to take on a road trip through the Southwest desert?
If one wants experience the very best music across genres and languages, what would the 30 greatest hits be?
What is the 'signature' song of your favourite band/artist ?
IfIi die at the age of 27, can I be a member of the "27 club"? Why or why not?
Why are so many popular Rock/Pop Bands from the UK? Is the talent not diproportionate to their population?
What are some of the most chilled out guitar solos?
What are the essential Frank Zappa recordings?
What do Quora users think of the new My Bloody Valentine album?
What are the saddest and creepiest chords that exist?
Why have bands like Led Zeppelin, The Who, Cream, etc. ceased to exist even though to this day they enjoy a lot of support and fanfare?
Is Stairway to Heaven the greatest rock song of all time?
Electric Guitar: Which famous artists have widely used a loop pedal?
A: what is the best melody ever written?
Which is the best 60 s/70 s song ever?
How do you get your artwork on music album covers?
What are the best slide guitar solos ever?
Which renowned drummers have been great songwriters?
Rock Music: What are the films a rock n roll fan should not miss?
Who are the top three rock singers I should listen to?
Who are (or were) the five best lyricists in the "rock" genre?
What are some of the most "Rock n' Roll" moves in history?
What are some underrated songs from the last 20 years?
Is Linkin Park considered a successful band?
Is Springsteen Music Cares going to be on TV?
OK Computer (1997 album): What is the song "Subterranean Homesick Alien" about?
Dio or Halford? If the two concerts are playing the same day in the same city and you have the money to go to just one, who do you go to see?
What is Elvis Presley's finest song?
Which is the best place to buy metal band tees in Mumbai?
What are some examples when artist from different bands came together and performed to produce quality music?
How do successful solo singers' former bandmates feel about them?  Do they resent their success?
What are some good guitar solos that are not very tough to play?
What were Mudhoney like live?
What causes a music band to last long?
Why did everyone hate Styx in the 70's and 80's?
Why was Elvis' manager, Colonel Tom Parker, considered such a wicked character?
What is it like to perform with Nine Inch Nails?
I really like the albums 'Is this It' by The Strokes and 'Winning Days' by The Vines. Any recommendations for similar albums?
Which are the best progressive rock albums of the year 2012?
Do famous bands participate in charity concerts often?
What are the most tasteful renditions of otherwise distasteful songs?
Are concerts fake?
Is Kraftwerk a more important band than the Beatles?
Do you think you can learn more about human psychology from a Pink Floyd song than from a textbook?
Why was exile on main street recorded in france?
Which singers sing in a style similar to Lenka?
Which song is the best 30 Seconds To Mars song ever?
Which rock n roll/pop songs make you weepy?
Why don't radio stations play better songs?
How is it that most influential rock and metal acts are from England? For example : Black Sabbath, Pink Floyd, Judas Priest , Led Zeppelin?
1990s Music: What are some things that members of 90's alternative rock bands are up to these days?
Should I take my 10 year old son to The Who's Quadrophenia concert?
What are the best rock bands of India?
Is AC/DC planning for a world tour in near future?
System Of A Down' s song a name is?
What are the strangest combinations of genres?
Is the classical augmented 6th chord and Neapolitan 2nd chord still used in modern pop/rock contexts?
When was the song Doom and Gloom by the Rolling Stones released?
Who is/was the best rock music/text writer
Music: Rock Music: How to get autograph or reply to a letter from an iconic musician?
Why are there more featured artist collaborations within hip hop than in rock music?
What is the most popular song by The Beatles?
What are some of the best pictures showcasing music?
If there is so many evidence that Kurt Cobain was murdered, why is it being ignored from the side of the authorities?
What were the best concerts from the Grateful Dead's 1972 European Tour?
What are some good Pakistani rock bands like Noori and Junoon?
What are the best metal/hard rock songs having the best intros which could be great ringtones for your phone?
Why does Nicko McBrain insist on using a single pedal bass drum despite being a heavy metal drummer?
How do I know when a song belongs to the B-side of the album?
Which band has sold more records: Deep Purple or Whitesnake?
What are your craziest/funniest/weirdest rock concert stories?
Are all cool names for Rock bands used up?
OK Computer (1997 album): What is the song "Airbag" about?
Was it necessary for most non-American Rock Bands to embrace Rock'n'Roll in order to become World's greatest?
Where can I see Jack White's career album sales from all of his solo and group projects in one place? Or am I just going to have to brute force this? Tried googling the obvious stuff already.
What albums save the best song for last?
Music: Can you list some songs with most groovy music?
How easy or hard is it to find success as an English Rock Band in India?
How important are band managers when it comes to rock bands?
What are some pop/rock songs that make affairs seem glamourous?
Are Steven Wilson and Mikael Åkerfeldt the best musicians at present?
What is your favourite song with the main theme being drugs?
Are there other groups, like the Vitamin String Quartet, of classically trained musicians that focus on rock and pop acts?
Do changing musical trends influence fashion changes in the society?
Do roadies really help rock stars get laid?
What artists are similar to Portishead?
Is there a famous rock vocalist  who is commonly well regarded  or loved by classically trained opera singers?
Red Hot Chili Peppers (band): What is your favourite RHCP song and is there a reason for inclination to it compared to other song?
OK Computer (1997 album): What is the song "Paranoid Android" about?
What are some good band names? Names you make up.
Modern Rock: What are your favorite songs with crescendos?
Which musical genre does the music in this video fall into?
Can the new Guns n' roses ever bring back their earlier form?
What are some of the most over-rated bands in your opinion? And why?
When will Tool release its new album?
Classic Rock Music: Which band is better: The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, or Led Zeppelin?
What ever happened to the remains Hendrix's Monterey Guitar?
If I like the Sentenced (especially, the Amok album), what other melodic death metal bands would I like?
Have any common people been immortalised in songs? For E.G. Mick Jagger's Gardner (Jack Dyer) in the rolling stones hit song Jumping Jack?
What are the most common song structures in punk rock songs?
What are some good psychedelic rock bands that compete with Tame Impala? I'm looking for new music to get into.
What are some good rock songs that feature saxophone?
Is Green Day the Greatest Contemporary band?
What are the best covers of songs by the Rolling Stones?
What are the best live music performances on YouTube?
Which are the most underrated rock/metal bands?
Do you know any foreign rock bands singing in chinese?
What are some good puns about Paul McCartney singing in Nirvana?
Did Dave Matthews listen to Rodriguez when he was growing up in South Africa?
Who originally coined the term rock and roll?
Which rock bands of the 20th century will people still listen to in the 25th century?
What is the single most innovative piece of music according to you and why?
Amplifiers: Which are some great guitar amps under $500?
Why is often anger and rage in western hard rock music and why do people enjoy it?
Who are the owner of best voice in Rock Music World?
What is the best opening track from a debut album by a rock and roll band?
Does anyone think that Geoff Tate can be replaced?
If you had to choose the song of the millennium, which one would it be?
What's the best strategy for a band/artist on YouTube to start getting some fans, do covers songs or start right away with showing original songs?
What sparked the viral hate for Linkin park?
Can Jimmy Page sweep pick?
What style is the song She's on fire by Bo Saris is and can u recommend similar ones?
How do you book a music tour?
What did the Butthole Surfers and Flipper think of each other?
Are there any bands better than Tool?
Why do people these days like Justin Beiber, Taylor Swift, et al more than Dire Straits, Beatles, etc?
If you could listen to just 5 artists for the rest of your life, who would they be?
Why the Indian Rock Music scene not so recognized in the country?
Why do most bands write their best songs in their mid to late 20s?
Are Linkin Park still doing good as a rock band?
What would be different today had Kurt Cobain not died?
Music Recommendations: What are some perfect albums?
What were the highlights of the 12/12 concert for Sandy relief at Madison Square Garden?
Which famous rock bands have/had the best live gigs?
Why are The Smiths great?
What are some great songs which sound totally mediocre with just one earphone on?
What is your favorite 1-hit wonder?
Which Hindi song should be covered by a rock band?
How much of Tom Tom Club's self-titled debut album was actually written by Adrian Belew?
What is the process of obtaining the public viewing rights to Celebration Day in India?
What are some bands that are often dismissed based on their hit(s), but actually have great catalogues?
The Rolling Stones (band): Who are all the people from the Bach Choir who sang on "You Can't Always Get What You Want" and where are they now?
Jimi Hendrix: Was Jimi Hendrix's death perfectly timed?
What is your favourite lyric line from a song?
What are the best radio stations in the world?
What would the world be like without vinyl records?
Is there a difference between people who listen rock music and people who listen hip hop?
How many plays will REM's "It's the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine)" get on Youtube on December 21st 2012?
What makes the Glastonbury music festival so special?
What is the 129 genre in music?
What are some of the good songs that you have heard and have never been able to understand the lyrics/meaning?
What percentage of rock or pop stars who sing have a genetically average amount of vocal talent and simply worked hard to improve their singing?
What songs the creators thought they would flop, but eventually became great hits?
What does everyone need to know about electric guitar pick-ups?
Who are/were the best in their field of Music? Challenge is you have to pick just one in each field.
What are the best practices for setup and tuning drums for punk rock music?
What are some of the best tracks/songs of the year 2012?
What are some great examples of Musical duet performances?
Have you ever randomly met Eddie Vedder? I'm not looking for a quick hand shake outside a gig, but more of a substantial story.
Bass Guitar: Who is a better bassist: Flea or Les Claypool?
Which Rock band has been the most successful in 2012?
Where do you go in Chicago to listen to great "undiscovered" music?
What are the differences between David Bowie and Iggy Pop's versions of Raw Power?
Is there an attraction between rock music and opera?
What was it like to work with the Butthole Surfers in the recording studio?
Which band would you like to see performing in India?
What other bands would you recommend for a Led Zeppelin fan and amateur hard rock fan?
Alternative Rock Music: Any Autolux fans know why they're not touring?
What does it take to keep a big band ongoing and productive after so many years?
What are some good folk punk bands?
What are some examples of really bad albums by some really good artists?
What do the lyrics to Everything You Want by Vertical Horizon mean?
Did any great rock & roll acts ever come out of France?
Eric Clapton: Did Jim Gordon write the piano part for the song "Layla"?
Which band members are so great and hard to understand what they are doing in a given band?
I am teaching an academic course on the music of the sixties, are there any similar courses online or off?
Who is a better drummer: Joey Jordison or John Bonham?
What do British people (and Europeans in general) think of Bruce Springsteen?
