When the researcher distributed the questionnaire to all of the study’s community, but only 70% of them answered, is it a random sample or not? Why?
How can I start conceptualizing or writing a research proposal about a telecommunication network?
Which exam would get me into research field in biology after 12?
How did our understanding of the nature of light change in history?
If you're sharing co-authorship of a peer-reviewed science journal paper and place second, are you considered less than the person who placed first?
How long should a recital be? Why? Are there some scientific researches to support the length?
How will the new NIH grant cap impact biomedical research?
How do researchers get information other than through the internet?
What are the environment research studies going on in India?
Why do scientific articles take months for publication?
How are neuroscience undergrad studies & research at UChicago?
How does it feel to make a significant contribution to ML?
What should someone interested in researching cures for genetic disorders have to study at the graduate level?
How can a person develop scientific approach?
How far are we from curing aging?
How do I distinguish true research interests from self-deception?
How do firms spend money on research, through injections or withdrawals?
How does intersex scientifically happen?
How are conferences in science work compatible to the process of publishing papers in different fields?
Should I get into scientific research?
How does it feel to be a science researcher?
Why do people use the Tobit model in social science research?
Who are famous researchers or academics who didn't initially start out in that line of research?
What advice will you give to a student aspiring to pursue a PhD? And how does one finish his/her research in good time?
Are reports/studies published by "centers" or government organizations, and not by journals, considered "scholarly" sources?
Where can I read Puranas along with its scientific commentary?
What is some legitimate scientific proof that the 68 genders exist?
How are ultrasonic waves used in aiding scientific research?
What results came from the study of ESP and PK, and what other areas were researched?
What are the scientific/engineering discoveries/inventions, predicted, touted and praised by media, more than 10 years, but just not realized?
Do mathematicians or scientists withhold publishing results in case their findings lead to more valuable findings?
What is participating in a behavioral research study like?
Should there come a time when every scientific fact has been discovered, what will the world look like?
What is your rating for the name Scirculator for a scientific site?
Why is religion still practiced in this scientifically advanced age?
What research has quantified the information processing necessary to carry out observed behaviors of prey acquisition and predator avoidance?
Is the MATLAB community slowly picking up Python for scientific research?
How important is it that governments continue funding scientific research in the next decade (2021-2030)?
How can we find out when a scientific discovery has been replicated?
In nursing research, what’s the difference between a research question and a hypothesis?
How would current U.S. laws impact a real-life scientific research to build a monster similar to Frankenstein?
What science research can a high school student do at home?
What are the differences and similarities, if any, between MS/MPhil level research and PhD level research?
What are good topics/areas to explore on my own, based on my interests?
Why are scientific formulas the way they are?
What MIT Media Lab group is doing the most groundbreaking research?
How can I carry out a scientific research as a medical student?
What are some movies that have scenes of computer lab testing and research and some people researching in an underground lab or something?
How many medical researchers are there in the world?
Is reporting an agreement between a theoretical and an empirical distribution considered a contribution that can be published in a scientific article?
What's the evidential basis for therapy's effectiveness in addiction recovery (used in conjunction with medication or as a stand-alone treatment)?
Do you know of scientists who fabricated their research, took money to produce a certain result, or created research projects to further their career?
Does the government research hypnosis and conduct other research involving the mind?
Is experimental philosophy dying out, and if not, where are the research hubs?
Between CSE and EE, in which field is it easier to publish and do substantial research?
What are the latest scientific discoveries that you can explain using only two lines?
How are larger labs affected by the NIH R01 grant cap?
What are the biggest innovations in biological research in last ten years?
What is it like to do research in material physics?
What are the techniques/methods that help engineers/scientists to understand any hard concepts/theories fast and thoroughly (learn fast)?
What are the notable discoveries in the field of astronomy for the past 10 years?
How do you become better at communicating my science research verbally as a PhD student?
What scientific theory do you think will be proven wrong?
What are the must read research articles published in biology until now?
What are the most interesting findings of the Prospective Urban Rural Epidemiology (PURE) study so far?
Is there any scientific research on the effects of getting multiple vaccinations at the same time?
What is an example of a research based article?
Why are there no journal articles on the Callan Method?
Is there a lifetime job in a physical research laboratory?
Is the scientific method anything but some scientists claiming other scientists are right?
What are the new scientific discoveries this year?
Is intuition-based research more fruitful than data-based (mathematical/statistical) research, in economics?
How do I conduct my brain research experiment on humans?
What are some reprisals or counter-arguments on the “Origin of White Skin” article?
What should I study, on a bachelor level, to be able to do research within neuroendocrinology (preferably research on stress and diet-related diseases)?
What are some great universities or institutes in the world that do in-depth PIV research?
In which sector is the scope of research broader, medicine or engineering?
What scientific concepts does a real image show?
How can you distinguish a good intern that will help your research from all the applications?
Do undergrads at IISc get opportunity to work/research in the CeNSE or SERC labs?
What is the scientific factor that contributes to raise consciousness?
What are the greatest scientific blunders?
How can I prepare polyol in the laboratory?
What are some prominent directions of research in contemporary psychiatry?
Do you burp when you’re in an out-of-body experience?
How does laughing work scientifically?
What are the areas in which research work is carried out in IIIT DM Kancheepuram in electronics?
To make full use of latest research in finance sector, what would be the best way for me to summarize the journal articles given the huge volume?
Are undergraduate grades an indicator of success in research?
What is a good research idea in atherosclerosis and CVD?
Can anyone without an institute affiliation get a research grant in material science in India?
What is the timeline of scientific advancements by Indian Scientists?
Truthfully, are scientists working on astronomy & alien life, prevented from publishing breaking news?
Is it right to send research work in to Wulfenia Journal?
Which is the best journal for Data Analysis related research?
Why couldn't HCI be replaced by basic common sense?
What are subjects to research in theoretical physics?
What are the recent research topics in biotechnology?
If some great scientific discovery was made in a backyard garage by a nobody scientist without a degree, how would the scientific world view this?
I am writing a PhD proposal examining student engagement in refugee camps. How can I tailor the proposal to not focus too much on one organisation?
What is the work of a research scholar?
What should my qualifications be to enter the research field in medical science?
What are a few things that would disprove events said to have happened in the Bible?
What is the most difficult research that ever been in history of world research?
How is it to get a master’s in theoretical physics?
How can I share new stuff I think I found on body language that still needs to be researched to be proven right?
Are Nature and Science brands still important to scientists in the age of open access and preprints?
What is the best recent scientific breakthrough?
Why do scientists meddle in government decisions when the scientific "method" itself involves constantly getting things wrong, until either blundering onto the "truth", or saying your materialistic assertion is true?
What's the difference between experimental and theoretical value?
What are the most important questions / research topics in philosophy today?
How should I write my CV and create an email to apply for a master’s thesis in scientific research in an American university (coming from Europe)?
What is "movable wing technology" in the aerostructure industry, and what are the last trends of this technology?
What are the new research in biomechatronics?
What are the latest results that the researchers find related to OCR for Arabic?
Has the scope of scientific research been redefined?
Can computational biologists work on neuroscience research?
What step in the scientific method follows experiments and observations?
What are the good topics for doing research in literature?
How (if at all) has HIV activism changed due to scientific research/discoveries?
Why is science so difficult to understand and some results from experiments are counter intuitive?
Where can I pitch futuristic new technology science research futurism ideas from multiple categories of science that are concepts to investors?
Is there any scientific proof of ESP?
What are some tips for getting research positions as an undergrad?
What are some new discoveries in the field of space science?
Where do you find university lab reports?
How long should it take to finish my experimental research and submit an abstract for my thesis?
What's the best way to support scientific research as a non scientist?
What does it mean to do theory in theoretical physics?
What is a good research topic that involves an AC generator and in which I would have to devise an experiment?
Can the Tattvartha theory of Jainism be acceptable as a scientific explanation?
How do I establish a research institute for peace?
Will not consuming non-vegetarian food eventually affect vegans/vegetarians in any positive way or negative way?
Scientists, what questions of scientific nature have left you most dumbfounded?
Is it hard to budget research money for specific things?
Since Hong Kongers hate mainlanders so much, why don’t they just go independent?
What kind of response from the scientific community has there been about the ethics of augmenting body/mind capabilities?
Would a research paper on materials science be useful for getting admitted into an MBA or MTech course?
What is the difference between humanities research and business research?
Is there a proof of Rory Blake's nutritional theory of aging?
What are project or a research topics if we are doing it in pathology lab?
Can I do physics research from home?
What is the best way to start PhD research instead of starting the research?
What are some similar books to Research Methods in Physical Activity?
Why aren't there as many scientific breakthroughs and inventions today as there were before?
What is the most scientifically comfortable and appropriate footwear? Have there been any research done on this topic?
What will be the major scientific breakthrough in 20 years?
What are the emotional differences between men and women? Does masculinity affect emotion and its expression in men?
I’m really into pure science and want to get into research in chemistry/biology. What soft skills are important for this, and how should I work on them?
How is undergraduate research at VMMC?
How many or what proportion of scientific researches from some top journals can be duplicated? Are there some statistics about it?
How do I decide which SPSS test to use?
Why did MIT decide to take a big bet on nanotechnology?
What is the difference between postgraduate research and PhD?
Why do we need to pay for research?
Do subscription journals strive for more stringent peer review than Open-access journals?
Who rediscovered the results of Mendel's experiments?
Do you have your own kickass laboratory/workstation like Dexters's Laboratory?
Scientific proof of what, would change society/civilisation/the world most, and why?
If your paper gets cited more than it cited others, is that by any chance an indicator of a good impact?
Where can I do undergraduate physics research in India?
How do I memorise scientific or mathematical text?
What are some big questions currently being pursued in physics that a layman might appreciate and have an interest in?
Are there any mysteries that still need solving regarding the male genitalia?
What is the longest research that has been conducted so far by some person to get a PhD?
What are some of the most brilliant experimental scientific papers with very simple equipments?
What were the biggest scientific discoveries that meant we had to rewrite textbooks?
How much opportunities are there to work in a research lab in London?
How is the lifestyle of Hunza Valley people?
What are the differences between cross-sectional studies, case-control studies and cohort studies?
Why is semen retention important in Tantra? And does it have any scientific basis?
How does one choose a lab to volunteer at?
What is the goal of citations in scientific papers?
What are the requirments to write a scientific paper?
Are there any organisations which specialize in commercialising science, e.g. bringing scientific discoveries or equipment to large consumer audiences?
Was there any next global reseach after iConsumer Research Initiative conducted by McKinsey in 2010?
Is scientific research good for an undergraduate?
Who has researched SIDS?
What is the procedure or steps to get in the space research field?
What is the most efficient way of reading a scientific paper?
What is the current role of stapled peptides in scientific and clinical research?
How was the model of DNA built?
Where can I find the very first research papers on physics?
Why are scientific debates sometimes held?
What problem can I solve with a scientific journal corpus?
What should be my engineering branch be, to do research in theoretical physics/space science?
What is scientific data?
Are there studies on the nutritional value of exclusively polystyrene foam consuming mealworms for further use in food supply?
What is the main difference between applied and basic research?
To what extent will the Patanjali Ayurved research lab, which was inaugurated by the PM, be helpful?
How will various scientific fields fare in the next decade (2021-2030)?
Is it OK to abstract a research article?
How can I avoid a situation like Newton and Hooke and protect my scientific work?
How can you best explain the scientific process in order?
What side is the FDA on, the American citizen’s side or Monsanto's and the GMO's?
How do researchers avoid plagiarising their own work?
What are different research fields in physics?
What are the ways to get in the research field of geology, excluding NET or GATE?
Do you know some popular beliefs that can have some scientific justification not yet understood?
Is there any scientific proof that suicidal risk is hereditary?
What are some interesting diverging scientific theories?
Is the Digital Physics a scientific theory?
How do you compare the post doctorate experience at Microsoft Research versus academia?
What would be the scientific and worldwide ramifications be of the discovery of Anti-Uranium and what if it can be mass produced?
Where can I create a weighted average equation for my research paper? I am a beginner, and LATEX is beyond me.
How do I become an inventor without money?
Is it normal that I can give myself goosebumps whenever I wish to?
Are there any serious websites to post scientific ideas and theories to get feedback?
What is the evidence that shows light is a wave, a particle and both?
Do you need to be good at hackathon-ing and making random cool things (like YouTubers making homemade robots) to be a research engineer?
How do you bioconjugate conductive nanoparticle ink?
Since not one person has provided proof they know what gravity is. How come the scientific community is so closed minded to new ideas?
Should I be able to understand a CS research paper the first time I read it?
What research method, techniques and tools can a social researcher work with and refined sociology to make more scientific?
Why do companies fund basic research? Why not just freeload on the basic research funded by other people?
Does research done for an annotated bibliography have to be cited?
What are the institutes in India where researches on "time perception" is being carried out?
How do I make my career in scientific media? I am doing my master’s in zoology.
Is there a certain stigma associated with going into finance after scientific research, given the questionable value to society?
What is the scope of research in neuroscience and how should one pursue it?
What are the basic types of research?
What are some interesting experiments/researches involving fish?
How can theoretical physics be science if they don’t follow the scientific method?
What are some cool scientific devices or instruments that I can give someone as a present?
How beautiful is mathematics research?
For an engineering student, what's more important for a research topic, practical value or academic value?
How can a young researcher achieve independence in scientific research?
What are the research areas in big data?
What should be included in a scientific report?
What is the scientific proof that at least 33% of our capabilities are never realized?
Why do scientists use natural words when everything is science?
Will the toughest bacteria survive in a very hot temperature or very cold temperature?
How reliable are research findings in peer-reviewed journals like Nature, given the "stimulus-triggered acquisition of pluripotency" scandal?
How do I get approval from the scientific community?
What makes a good scientific theory?
In researching your book, Phenomena, did you ever attempt a remote viewing session yourself? How did that experience shape your research?
Why, in the West at least, are we not taught that scientific experimentation continually suggests that there is no objective reality?
How does price effect consumer behaviour, for a research article?
What's the most accurate and credible evidence from an article/research/study that vaping/e-cigarettes are very good or bad for you?
How do I become a science researcher?
Don't you think, science is less progressive now?
Did the scientific discoveries during the Golden Age of Islam form the basis of the scientific revolution which took place later?
Can people continue studying in the medical field, if they have graduated from another scientific field?
What is the scientific term when a device makes twice the energy than it takes in?
Where would one research how science practitioners (not computer scientists) use software and systems to advance their research?
How should a student study to be a researcher?
What are some interesting political science topics to research?
What are some ongoing research projects at Samsung Research Institute Bangalore? Do these projects result in international publications?
Am I allowed to share a presentation on my research paper, which has already been published, on SlideShare?
What are some good examples of applied and basic research?
What does it actually mean when a study says "ABC increases the risk for XYZ by X%”?
What are your thoughts on research funding for bioengineering, currently and in the future?
What are some fields for people who are interested in science?
How can we be happier, healthier and more successful?
Is it possible for me to get lab mice legally without being part of a research institute?
What research is happening at IMEC in Leuven?
Is it true that papers that are not well-known don't get cited when used as a source in physics?
What is the scope of research functionality in social studio?
What are the four most non-scientific or anti-scientific books we could use after nuclear holocaust to rebuild science?
Will publishing a research paper help me to get a master scholarship?
What are the most exciting parts of neuroscience research?
Which universities are the best for researching nutrition?
What does it mean to work in a scientific laboratory?
What are the types of scientific publications?
If the earth is going to be demolished in five billion years, and we have nothing to leave behind, then what's the point of making scientific discoveries?
How would Gordon Miller go about developing a company which deals with medical research?
Why has CSIR asked for the details of research scholars every month through post despite of available online portals?
What are copyright rules for scientific methods?
What are the most important questions / research topics in biology today?
What is the experience of visiting research laboratories, science fairs, etc., when one uses a KVPY fellowship?
What types of research topics are suitable for a master’s in biotechnology?
Are the best research papers on STEM necessarily written by the students with the best grades in course work?
What are the modern aspects of psychoanalytic study to do research on?
Could you suggest hot topics in experimental pharmacology and toxicology research or an effective search engine for identifying such topics?
Do you know a source for tips on doing scientific research? I am looking for immediate practical tips, technologies, methods, etc.
What would be considered scientifically impossible?
Is there any literature about how social rules work? The research in this area seems to be poor. How can I get help in this area?
Of all of the new mammal species discoveries made in the past two hundred years, which one had the most significant scientific impact?
What is the oldest scientific paper ever?
What are the most important questions / research topics in history today?
How do I stay up-to-date to every scientific discovery?
Is it true that no Hindu works in Hansard laboratory?
Can hummingbirds smell or taste which other hummingbirds use the same feeder?
Is research in PRL in theoretical physics good or not?
Why is dematerialization/materialization scientifically impossible?
What is the real science research on creative visualization?
Since PhDs generally produce more scientific achievements than masters, should LPDP be prioritized for PhD applicants?
Is interdisciplinary research possible in AIIMS?
What scientific theory do you think will be proven wrong and shock the scientific world? Or what new scientific theory will shock us all?
What are the most “impressive breakthroughs” of recent times?
What are research papers?
Why little or no product based applications are not produced in the field of IoT?
What are the alternatives for money for my research, if I don't receive a fellowship?
Does person get selected for SRF if they have research experience from a different lab and applied for SRF from a different lab?
Can a BSc in Biology student do research work? If yes, then which institute provides such work?
Is there any scientific research that supports my thought that the total energy in the universe might be 0?
Is there any scientific proof for oil pulling, and, if not, can you briefly explain to me how it works?
Which university is best for research in botany? Can you share some scholarship packages for research studies?
Is iGEM overrated?
Which research institutions have an MRI available in the US?
How will you define theoretical physics?
What is the latest information on abiogenesis research?
Why should any country invest in public scientific research? If the results are shared worldwide, there is no way for the country to benefit from it.
How has the scientific community reacted to the phenomena of ESP and PK?
What is meant by a good research question?
How is the research scenario in GB Pant University?
What should aspiring psychological researchers know before going into the field?
What is the hallmark of excellent scientific innovations?
What are some good research labs in India for electronics field?
What is the most fruitful field of research in mathematics?
What is a defense food research lab?
Why is an understanding of cognitive science essential for understanding other scientific topics?
How does it feel to have published hundreds of scientific papers?
Is it legal to download a research paper from https://sci-hub.cc/ in India?
Should more scientific dollars and research go into male pregnancy?
Where can I find a freelance consultant to help teach me how to set up Mouselab for a Qualtrics study?
Where do I get current affairs or research articles on biological sciences?
What great inventions or discoveries has the Arabic world made in the last 400 years?
Why is the timeline of the universe only moving forward and not backward also?
Which scientific invention has saved millions?
How can scientific advances be abused? What consequences would they have for humankind?
Is there a scientific test to gauge stress?
Which exam is the easiest (having comparatively less competition) way to get into IISc Bangalore to study physics/maths (BSc, MSc, and PhD)?
How do I get some money for my lab research on new invention?
What are the similarities between a project and research?
What are the key scientific discoveries made by government science organizations besides global warming?
What are the latest research areas in chemistry?
How much time do high school students who do scientific research during the school year at a lab spend working per day/week at the lab?
What are the new scientific products now?
What are some differences and similarities of the scientific management theory and the administrative principles approach?
Which is a better research field, microbiology or pharmaceutical?
How can I use experimental design to test 3 factors (i.e., temp, pH and media) with 4 levels?
What are some fun hypothetical ways to scientifically describe say, Christianity?
What is the best route for a pharmacy student who wants to be a researcher scientist?
Who funded the Franklin Institute Laboratories for Research and Development, which operated from WWII until the 1980s?
What is the next most likely impressive scientific discovery?
Is participating in economics research at the undergraduate level worth it?
What is the treatment for "tree man syndrome," and where is it available in India?
Who is an officer not below the rank of an Assistant Scientific Secretary in the Indian Space Research Organisation?
What is difference between scientific enviroment and political environment?
How does literature review help you to prove the relevance of your research?
What is a theoretical review?
Why in India there is not much encouragement for research in any field?
Why do the results of practically every scientific / social study favor women?
What are the canonical papers to read in the field of computational neuroscience?
What is/are the word(s) equivalent to 'differential' in any scientific method that has 'differential' in its name?
Which are the good institutions for doing PhD in physics?
Is there any Andrology research that still needs doing?
What are the advantages of conducting interviews in the field of research?
How can I enter the electrical research field?
How do I cite research?
Why don't university departments hire new faculty members based on their citation counts?
Is there anything else apart from the Scientific method?
What do academics in International relations do research about?
What is the latest news on research into accelerating decay of C14 industrial waste?
Is there a real purpose for copper iridium in the field of defence research, medical research and space research?
Given how frequently new scientific discoveries are featured in the media, how do you identify those which will make a serious contribution to the world?
How do I involve myself on bringing new discoveries?
I fired all scientists in the world, doing basic research, at 1970. What inventions would have been lost by now?
Scientific progress is misreported in both the media and in scientific publications. Are there any plans to distill scientific progress at WikiTribune?
Are visible tattoos in the scientific research, academia, and PhD fields frowned upon?
What are some ethical problems that you would like to research?
I am a BSc student interested in cosmology and studying in India. Can I directly apply for a PhD abroad after my BSc?
What scientific research topic can you suggest to me?
When scientists discover some of the wonders of God's creation, can they claim it as being their "scientific methods"?
Where do I find professional research on advanced concrete technology?
What could disrupt and revolutionize airplanes manufacturing?
Is there an easier method to locate rat adrenal glands?
What are some Arabic peer reviewed journals?
Is human influence the scientific method's greatest flaw?
What is the impact factor of Science Advances?
What are the characteristics of good research that is based on development and facts, which is purposeful, etc.?
Are there any studies on how physical appearance influence trustworthiness?
What is current research going on in space science?
What is the role of philosophers in scientific research teams?
In scientific papers, why aren't people's first names given?
Do you know any good articles and research about inhibition of return?
Will the future of medicine be electric? If so, how will it look like?
How can one do research in mathematics and computer science at the same time?
Why do we spend so much resources on cancer and not other conditions?
What is the purpose of academic journals when you have the world wide web now?
I'm developing a context aware recommender system for e-commerce, and I didn't use a real database. Is that okay?
What is the validity of Ty Bollinger's research on vaccines?
In the US, what equivalent of REUs can international undergraduates participate in? Can they just approach researchers and ask to work for experience?
What are examples of good laboratory practices?
What are the unusual types of research and studies you have heard about?
Re: Henrietta Lacks, has the scientific community discovered any other immortal cells?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of using bioRxiv pre-print server to submit your scientific paper?
Are ethics hindering scientific development?
Is entrepreneurial success entirely a matter of luck? What does scientific research show?
How do I engage a diverse audience when presenting my (highly technical) research in a specific field?
Why is the biography written on paper?
Ideas begin with concepts, even sci-fi found science and philosophy worthy of the challenge. Now, where do we go to find our next truth?
If the Rapture does occur as in the Bible, will scientists be able to explain it away?
Where should I start in scientific research in organic chemistry? I am a pharmacy undergraduate.
Why are scientific papers so expensive to purchase on sites like sciencedirect?
Is project planning a research work?
How are satellites used for scientific research?
How do I develop a good scientific hypothesis?
What are some examples of Indo-British scientific cooperation?
How much of an impact did the invention of the "clean room" (for microelectronics) have on the methods of scientific experimentation?
Are there psychology summer research programs for seniors and college graduates?
What determines whether a theoretical physics research organisation (funded by an individual) receives further private or public funding for research?
Is there a real example where a researcher expands upon (or narrows down upon) his MS / MPhil research at the PhD level?
At (or near) the end of your career as a scientist, do you feel that you have left a mark?
Why did Kumari Kandam leave un-researched?
Hering's law of cure, is it scientific or pseudoscience?
Why do we need to pay for academic research?
Can we open a biotechnology research lab at our home?
Why do many scientific journals still ask for postal submission of hard copy manuscripts?
What is the role of giving a seminar in scientific research?
How can toluene diisocyanate be prepared in the laboratory?
Why can't America cut its budget on national defense and rather focus more on pure scientific research?
What is the most controversial scientific experiment ever conducted?
Are there other groups like CNERG in IITKGP in India for researching in the area of SNA?
Are there any books that have explored & examined in detail how changes in thought, awareness, and consciousness have led to new scientific discoveries?
How many scientific proofs are there about the woman from Rzhavchik town of Tisulsk district?
Who are some famous clinical psychology researchers currently researching in Canadian universities?
Have Philippe Rushton's research findings on racial superiority been fully (if ever) debunked?
What is it like to be working with cold-hearted (lacking sympathy, warmth and friendship) colleagues in a laboratory?
I want to have medical research experience in high school. What should I do? I'm in eighth grade right now.
What type of research work I have to submit before going for MS?
What are the best science research opportunities in India?
If you could set up a mini engineering lab at home, what would you get?
Should we stop all scientific research before humans are rendered useless by our own creations?
What is the value of spending public funds on discovering the origin of inanimate objects?
According to social scientists, what is the real difference between validity and reliability in the context of research?
What are 3 examples of scientific theories?
Why is Brooke Shields so pretty in a scientific way?
Why do scientists allow their studies and papers to be horribly misquoted, miss-categorized, and otherwise misrepresented?
Are there any scientific studies being conducted on Intuition?
What do active longevity researchers think of Sinclair's NAD & Sirtuin theories? There seems to be a lot of controversy.
Why are the science journals paywalled?
What was your peer-reviewed Finance paper about, and how long did it take you to write it?
Can scientific discovery be automated?
I need a laboratory for my PhD research. I am working on medicinal plants in relation to fish. Where would I get access to such a lab?
What kind of research do different fields of neuroscience perform?
Is there scientific evidence of probiotics in fermented food?
What is the definition of success in the research field?
Why wouldn't a successful initial clinical trial continue to a larger trial?
What progress has YC Research made on the New Cities project?
Which fallacy is quite commonly found in scientific researches?
Why do girls get more lab marks in civil labs?
Are there any new developments or new research on tinnitus?
If half of all published research is false, why do we need to do research? How can people screen data in order to know whether it is true or false?
How can I find a topic to start my scientific​ research?
What is the cutting-edge research in signals processing nowadays?
What is the most scientific way to become a high performer?
Which NIT is good for biotechnology research for a PhD?
Why do many of the old scientific articles start with the title "On the"?
What are the further research in Cointegration?
What are the two types of observations in the scientific method?
Can the study of scripture be done scientifically?
How is the sulfur 35 isotope manufactured for scientific experiments?
In Mainland China, how openly is scientific data distributed? And are there organizations that publish academic papers for free?
After scientists have developed a theory, does it ever change? If they change, then why do we bother to teach scientific theories?
What paper notebooks do researchers prefer to use?
What is the “impact factor” in engineering research? What are its advantages, and what should be the minimum impact factor of any research?
Is it appropriate to use the word “evidence” in science when the scientific method is all about trying to falsify a theory - at least in theory?
Is it permissible to use acronyms on a resume for a scientific (genetics) research position?
Why do ridiculous research study topics get funded?
What are all the scientific (including physics) flaws in pyrokinesis?
How do psychological researchers conduct studies where the research subject cannot know the full purpose of the study?
Why is future work often mentioned in the last section of research papers?
What is some guidance on identifying research gaps in literature reviews?
What are some topics that I can research in my MPhil? My desired field is advertising.
What new and innovative research is being done in Chemistry?
Is there a food testing lab in Miami?
In a world where most jobs have been automated, is it feasible that the majority of people become researchers to increase our scientific progress?
We do research using simulators, but is this really research as we are putting some random values in and getting output rather than putting our conclusions in?
Can I reduce the text and extra pages in a camera-ready copy of a research paper?
Where can I read research papers done by other researchers?
What fringe scientific theories have a surprising amount of evidence supporting it?
What are the coolest recent scientific discoveries?
Is there a way in which I can initiate my own research as an undergraduate student?
Which dental research labs accept volunteers for human trials for tooth regrowth?
On what basis can I divide a research paper on how dialect impacts gender?
What do research engineers think about maker communities? E.g., Makezine, Hackaday etc.
Does you have recent results on research into so-called reactionless drives?
In the absence of appropriate mentorship, how could you possibly quality control your progress through scientific research?
What do Western researchers think of the research papers that have ten or more Chinese authors?
What do you see as some of the challenges associated with bridging evidence based scientific subject matter and research with policy imperatives?
As a scientist what is your source of everyday learning?
Has their been any research into the "religious impulse"?
Are bad scientific theories still considered theories?
How can I make any useful impact in my research area?
Is writing grant proposals a zero sum game?
What are the different ways to inculcate a scientific attitude?
is there any correlation between epilepsy and high intellect?
How should I conduct a doctrinal research?
What is the latest verified research on the 3x+1 problem?
What do you know about scientific inquiry and the scientific enterprise?
In what ways have religion and believers suppressed scientific thinking, research and scientists overall throughout the years?
What is the best scientific theory?
Which countries are leading or conducting a research on eye implantation currently?
How independent is post-doctoral research?
What is the best way to explain the difference between scientific consensus and science by democracy?
Why do some research articles have free access, while others do not?
How competitive is a fresh Psychology PhD graduate with more mid-authored papers than first-authored papers?
What does it take to be a researcher at Busigence?
What religion has the most proof/scientific basis?
Which advances and discoveries in theoretical physics have provided unexpectedly large benefits to applied physics and engineering?
Who are the smartest female scientists that are still working in the scientific field?
How can I become a researcher in electronics? Would a master’s from a research-oriented college aid me?
What are the best scientific tools of recruitment?
Do pharmaceutical companies derail the scientific community from directing research to focus on improving treatment and potential cures?
What distinguishes a groundbreaking research article from an average one in academic journals?
What would happen if a foreign researcher's work in a non-classified US research lab starts having military applications?
Why are we not using Quran to make future scientific discoveries?
Which order in basidiomycota is good for conducting research?
What are the biggest mental health research breakthroughs of 2017 so far?
What are the best beginner books for learning about polymers?
Are there any researches by scientists on Amarnath Dham in Jammu and Kashmir of India?
What is a paradigm of scientific inquiry?
What are the following types of research, according to dimensions?
Does the peer review process work to further the evolution of science?
What scientists are researching LGBTQIA+ sexuality right now?
Would you recommend ITU over Fast for someone looking to publish in their undergrad?
Are there any widely-recognized scientists in their work and their scientific theories who are religiously or ideologically biased?
Where can I find a research paper on vehicle detection in Python?
What is a researchable question?
I'm meeting with a researcher this Monday on interest of working in his lab as an undergraduate, how can I get into his lab?
What researchers speak about Kumari Kandam?
Since few Singaporeans want to pursue a PhD and become professors, why don't the Singaporean universities employ all foreigners as their professors?
What are the credible sources for a scientific information?
Does a security researcher specialize in one area (e.g networking, reversing) or does he typically apply his skills from a wide range in these areas?
What are some of the weirdest research & studies that have ever been done?
What are the attributes of a good research?
Can a medical student participate in research?
Should scientists be allowed to test new medical products on animals?
Has science made certain fields of philosophy obsolete?
Which universities are doing intensive research on collaborative filtering and recommendation systems, and who are some famous professors in this field?
Is extrinsic motivation necessary for great research?
What is the scientific thing behind business development?
How should I go about undergraduate research on quorum sensing?
What scientific references should I study for IBO?
I want to pursue a biomedical science degree and become a research scientist, are the job prospects as bad as they say?
Why do multinational companies like Larsen & Toubro give donations to political parties instead of funding research and development?
Is there a website which allows one to easily search for credible scientific studies?
Why is theoretical framework important in research?
Who are the best scientific writers to read for?
What are the most important questions / research topics in agriculture / food science today?
Can digital reading replace paper reading?
How do I research about a brand in depth for a research?
What three things make a doctoral research proposal unputdownable?
What is the role of India in global scientific community?
What are the best scientific ways to stop neurological decline?
Should graduate students participate in engineering clubs related to their field of research or should they focus on their research?
Why silver is not worn while working in laboratory?
How many scientific articles are published every day?
Can you apply empirical research to the dynamics of a whackjob or a nutcase?
Is there any new medical research on efficacy of ASA for DVT?
What is value free and value centric in social science research?
How do I acknowledge academic consultants on my scientific paper?
How does the system powering scientific research in the US make it a world-leading country in science and technology?
Is there any research paper on disease and cotton pests?
Is there a scientific theory to explain the "bhavishyavani", or the prophecies of the sadhus in India?
How does Chinese website cooperate with foreign university research institutes?
Is there a difference between scientific knowledge and opinion?
What are the recent major breakthroughs in the field of neurosciences?
How did researchers do literature review before there was Google Scholar?
Has any AIIMS Delhi MBBS student worked in the lab of Dr Sujata Mohanty as part of an undergraduate research experience?
Is there a way to make music more scientific?
How can I create Jobs structure by scientific process?
Have scientists ever instantaneously “teleported” any bit of matter from one spatial location to another?
Does anyone have any idea about the Inger Impex company (NASA agency)? Can you share your knowledge if you have come across the name?
Is there such a thing as purely theoretical computational neuroscience?
What are some of the biggest scientific breakthroughs in 2016/17?
How can I understand scientific concepts more profoundly and effectively?
'Scientific progress and infrastructure development precedes social welfare'. How much do you agree with this statement?
How accurate are the scientific theories?
Is it possible to do economic research as an undergraduate freshman?
Is there any research regarding the reaction time of military personnel?
Which are the best technical platforms that researchers should be active on?
Do postdoctoral researchers write grants for other professors on a freelance or commission basis?
Does the scientific literacy of an average person appall scientists?
What are the opportunities for research scientists, especially bioanalytical scientists in Canada?
What research now is the highest priority for scientists and researchers in regards to increasing life expectancy?
What are the best research laboratories for doing research in the machining of hard materials?
Are publications in peer-reviewed journals a must if one intends to apply for any PhD programs?
How many research hospitals in the world?
How do gluons interact with quarks?
What are some books on the laboratory instruments (e.g. autoclaves, laminar airflow cabinets) of a biology laboratory?
How do I establish a long-term research interest as a new person in academia?
What​ are some of the untapped areas of research in the field of education?
What is the best systematic approach to critically evaluate research findings in biomolecular literature?
Do you think that some questions may lie outside of the realm of scientific inquiry?
Where can I get a dandelion plant in Malaysia? I'm going to do research on it.
Which are the good institutions for research in biology after 12th?
What are the scientific and technological new inventions in the world?
Am I wrong to believe that whites are better created than blacks due to their greater scientific inventions and discoveries?
What is the primary purpose of scientific research funded by public money, "science for the public good" or "science for the pursuit of knowledge"?
What is the life of a researcher in India like?
Is there scientific proof for the existence of pheromones?
Is there scientific data that proves Dr. Sebi's nutritional advice as correct?
What is the postmodern view of scientific facts? Is Pie or the Pythagorean Theorem to be taken as just a personal narrative of a community?
How do unemployed people perceive their career paths?
Is there any place on earth where I could volunteer my body and time to become a flatliner for scientific research?
How can I upload my authored research articles on Google?
How hard is it to get your research monetised in India?
How does religion affect scientific study?
If you could design a new scientific publication platform, what would it do?
What is the hypothesis in the scientific method?
How was time formed or created?
Where can I find and read scientific researches about nutrition so I am properly informed?
What is the most recent scientific discovery?
How are scientific experiments carried out on the ISS in the absence of real scientists aboard?
What major in the humanities offers me breakthroughs and amazing discoveries?
What distinguishes a groundbreaking research article in international climate change law from an average one?
What is the solution for the global priorities research problem?
What is the best way to read a scientific paper in detail including the supplementary materials?
Why can't some people grasp the definition of scientific theory? Is it because of scientific illiteracy or unwillingness to accept scientific facts?
An author cited my research paper in his research paper and mentioned my name wrongly? How do I let him know to correct my name?
Is it okay to say that if a research is not accidental then it is biased?
Should scientific papers be available free of cost?
How good is Alkem Laboratories?
Do you ever worry that you'll contribute nothing to science as a researcher?
What is a good IB biology database IA research question on molecular biology? Which database should I use?
How do I effectively conduct research on new travel trends?
What scientific facts disprove Islam?
What are some social topics for research?
Did anyone manage to replicate AlphaGo in the 12 month since its publication in Nature in January 2016?
Why has American medicine become a business, rather than a scientific endeavor?
What are obsolete scientific theories, and what are some examples?
Is it possible for an undergraduate student to publish in a scientific journal?
Should there be a cap on indirect costs for government research grants?
For a lot of reasons, aren't things touted as scientific fact really just probability?
Is India becoming a research friendly country?
Is telepathy based on scientific rationale or simply a sort of magic and gimmick because some do not accept even Uri Geller's effect?
What have been the most important languages in terms of scientific output throughout history?
When is deep learning used in scientific research, in the physics and maths fields?
What are the most valuable scientific discoveries ever?
What's the evidence base for the effectiveness of vitamin E in menstrual migraine prophylaxis?
What were the most significant scientific discoveries of 2016?
Does Facebook do sociology research? Or provide data to other organizations/institutions for research?
What is it like to be a research scientist in neurology?
What can prevent the third world war? A scientific discovery, philosophy, religion or something else?
How can a programmer get involved in a scientific project, without any prior scientific education (only CS)?
Where did Lynn Margulis conduct her research?
What is the procedure, if any, whereby Irish universities aid in getting "hosted researcher" or Employment (Scientific Researcher) visas?
What inspires you to do scientific research?
Why is scientific research a neutral activity?
What is the scientific idea of hyperloop? And it depends on what?
How best can I connect with a supervisor and convince him to be involved in his research work while having my postgraduate studies along with grants?
To what extent is the 911 Commision Report a scientific report?
Why is so much ML research and Australian & NZ universities empirical?
Can I take my data analysis to an interview?
What are the most supported scientific theories regarding dreaming?
What is the difference between an ordinary theory and a scientific theory?
What are the best-known products of the Franklin Institute Laboratories for Research and Development?
What are the hottest areas of research and development in the industry in the field of engineering and physics?
What are some tools that can be used for drawing/sketching scientific figures in research papers?
Why does research need to be supported with citations?
What are the most brilliant scientific blunders that have changed the world?
How many types of lab scales and balances are used in a science laboratory?
What are the recent research trends in applied physics?
What can we do to make a greater fraction of studies reproducible?
How much can studies of rodents tell us about humans?
Why hasn't the secular/scientific community broken away from the Dionysian calendar?
Is it low class to be a human guinea pig in a pharmaceutical trial?
What is the scientific proof that time really exists?
What are some good paper topics for a high school science research?
What are the common misconceptions about supercomputers?
What is the procedure for the admission into Physics Research Laboratory in Gujarat?
What is an ideal undergrad thesis/research problem in BS Biology using mice as the experimental organism?
What kind of media formats are more efficient in social interaction?
What does "clinical correlation is necessary" mean in a lab test report?
How do I spend time in research laboratory?
Is genomic oncology an important field of research? Where are the centers of excellence in this field?
How do you write a scientific "news and commentary" article?
How influencal was Dr. Todt to Hitler concerning technological matters?
Does nanotechnology have good job prospects?
Are there any research paper available explaining the research that went into developing Google Assistant?
Who are some of the world's foremost researchers in ADHD?
Which are good academic research articles on the subject of gear machining?
How do you cite a scientific paper if there is no online version available?
What aspects of intelligence can you increase and how?
Do professors deliberately fail publications so that your research career cannot start?
Why is true scientific knowledge restricted to Western countries?
What are the differences between new conceptual approaches and new mathematical tools?
Where can I go to find the latest research study publications in medicine?
Which areas of research in physics has more career opportunities? Which areas are going to be in demand and needs more attention in India?
Which human torture has an interesting scientific result?
What is scientific difference between batting and bowling?
Could practical, reusable, at-home saliva tests, which detect the majority of known viruses and diseases, be created with current tech?
Which is one of the best research institutes in physics in the world?
Is IISc really a good choice for pursuing research in theoretical physics?
Many scientists are burdened with cultural baggage that impacts on their research work. How can they quickly jettison these superstitions?
An acquaintance says there are/is scientific studies/evidence to back up claims of a genetics-based race achievement gap; to what is he referring?
What are isotopes and what are their uses in scientific research?
What can be said about a graduate adviser who steals his/her student's results and writings and gets them published without their consent or their names?
What is the research gap between Cognitive Radio usage in Healthcare IoT?
How do I reference information I retrieved via netnographic research in a scientific paper?
How do you become a research scientist after an M.Sc in agricultural biotechnology? What is the salary of a research scientist?
Why are so many researchers uploading the publisher's version of their articles to ResearchGate when it clearly violates copyrights?
Which table top is used in laboratory?
What are the disinfectants used in a laboratory?
How many scientific papers have been published since the first one?
What is the name of scientific language?
How do we find online discussion hubs for PhD Researchers?
Can the theoretical certainty be scientific?
What are the subjects should I concentrate on my masters studies if I want to do higher academic research on operational research?
How do I publish 100 research articles in one year?
Is current research in astrophysics strongly inferring that some kind of multiverse is highly likely?
Is anyone here a postdoc in China willing to share thoughts over the experience?
Does China do scientific experiment on live human body?
Which is more credible, history or science via biology?
Is meta analysis a clinical research study?
Can I do a PhD in psychology with very little knowledge of statistics?
Why is it a strength for researchers to include "recommendations for future research" in their papers?
Can engineers do higher academic research in applied economics?
What is the purpose of biomedical sciences?
What is your favorite 'wrong' scientific theory?
How has meditation benefited you in your research career?
Where can I find records of campaigns against invasive species?
Why do top mathematicians usually research in pure?
Do I need to have a research masters in psychology to actually conduct research?
Should tax payers cover the overhead costs of doing research?
What is the most exciting thing you've done in the name of book research?
Is it possible to publish your original undergraduate research at nature journal?
What are different fields to do Research in India for automobiles?
What are the most prominent scientific research competitions in the world in civil engineering?
Why is it important for researchers to acknowledge the limitations of their research within their papers?
Does everyone really come from Africa? What are the scientific bases?
What are the research courses that I can take in the field of Chemistry?
Which one should I choose: a research scientist at Yahoo Research or a researcher at Microsoft Research Redmond?
Are there any scientific advancements made during the reign of chalukyas?
What research is being conducted on Hypersomnia?
Which are the subject sciences we should research to know more about social?
How can I identify a research gap or problem?
What are the current frontiers of research in psychology? What is the dominant paradigm, if any? What are the alternatives?
Is collecting data by a participant and researcher in the same time would affect the result of the study?
Can anyone give me support for the implementation of my research in his/her lab (recommender system research)?
Can a scientist be a man of God?
Is longevity research ethical?
What are the latest research going on in the field of biomedical​ engineering?
If one believes in God as the creator, would not scientific research and evidence describe God’s way of creating?
What kind of research is being carried out in Antarctica by scientists living there?
Does a perfume kept in the cabinet of a hot car release harmful chemicals? And if it does, is there research or scientific evidence?
Can an Indian biological or zoological researcher or student become an astronaut in India or in other countries?
How can scientific research be affected by ethical concerns?
How is nitrobenzene prepared in a lab?
Is HIIT just another fitness industry gimmick with marketing using professional and scientific research?
Is there any scientific proof of Jannat and Jahannam as the Islam religion says?
What can you be good at which no one else in the world is?
Are scientists on the verge of finding out how to slow down aging and increasing how long humans live?
How do I hire scientists and researchers to create super-advanced classified idea technologies?
What is the name of the magazine that deals with new scientific and technological discoveries and inventions?
What fields of study are involved in neural lace research?
How does cybernetics contribute to scientific progress?
Which are the best research labs for mechanical in India and how to get into it?
I want to do research, but the trend in my country usually allows research at the post grad level. What should I do?
What is the use of animals in scientific research?
What are some scientific questions in biology that motivate you?
What does it mean to describe a scientist as skepti?
If I would choose to be in academia, can I work as a researcher without teaching?
What are the main areas of research/progress in query understanding in 2017?
Where I can get information for writing a research paper on the AirHop malware?
What are some scientific concepts which were accepted absolutely a few years ago, but have been refuted now after advanced research?
How many experiments are written in the NIOS lab manual?
What percent of research is being carried out in V/STOL aircrafts in NASA?
I am confident that I have made a very important scientific breakthrough. What do I do now?
Which now debunked scientific theory do you wish were true?
Do I have to do the coursework again if I have to change my Ph.D. area of research as the coursework relates to the research area?
Is there any scientific evidence/study that proves bisexuality is natural?
What are the best online research oriented groups/sites for Electrical where people can collaborate and discuss on a virtual platform?
How do you recognise a proper scientific article, paper, or book from pseudoscience/mumbo-jumbo?
What are the prominent scientific research organizations in India?
I like using Academia for sharing my research. Why is the interface slower compared to ResearchGate, when I upload/edit a paper on Academia?
How do I set up a chemistry laboratory at home?
What are hot research topics in data security for a Ph.D.?
What overhead rate should universities take from research grants?
Why are most of the scientific papers published from Chinese universities? What is their quality?
On what basis does DST selects the bilateral research projects?
What activities does an undergraduate research project in neuroscience consist of?
How can the number of upvotes you get on Quora be compared to the number of citations you get on Google scholar?
Why are Indians unsuccessful in research and development?
How many basic psychological constructs (in the scientific research sense) do you know whose name is not a single word and what are they?
One of the Indian national news channel say that a cow exhales oxygen. Is this true? Is there any other animal who does the same?
How can I discuss my scientific ideas with other scientists? I have a problem with the society I found myself in and there is no way I can discus it.
What's the difference between a review and a critical review in scientific journals?
What is the scientific classification of paramecium?
What are some technical/scientific errors in "Life" movie?
Scientifically speaking, is stevia safe for human health?
Won't expensive research paper portals impede scientific awareness and growth?
How can I get knowledge on scientific experiments?
Where can I get help with writing an article for scientific journals regarding my clinical experience in Ayurveda?
What are the sub-fields of theoretical physics?
What are the results of research on apomixis?
If you are seeing stuff in space as it was in the past, wouldn't the same be true for things much closer to you?
Why is it important to update and validate research?
Who are your favorite academic researchers (in any field)? What papers of theirs did you enjoy?
What is standardization and simplification of work in scientific management?
Where can I donate money for scientific research in India?
Which period in human scientific achievement provided the most important advances?
Where and how do I publish a theory in a scientific paper? Do I require mathematical proof if it is on the beginning of the universe?
What are the most hypothetical scientific theories in modern world?
If women had always been considered to be equal to men and were encouraged towards academic careers and achievements, then how advanced would humanity have been now?
What makes a good research proposal for applying fellowship?
Has brain scanning hindered psychological research?
A job opening only requires a BSc, but they want to see my "Research Goals". Without ever having pursued my own research project, how am I supposed to write one?
What would you do if you traveled back to 1000 AD with all of the modern scientific knowledge?
Can a human be reincarnated as an animal?
How do we write Editorial for scientific Journals?
What will be a good IA research question in genetics?
Why do people wrongly use term scientific instead of term correct?
Which public research organization do you like and respect the most?
How can I find more and more ideas for research?
What mathematical theorems have led to scientific discoveries?
What's a hard-to-explain scientific fact that we know is true?
What are the challenges for scientists when researching illegal substances, such as LSD?
What is it like working as a Researcher for an MP in Westminster?
Is scientific temperament and scientific attitude one and the same? If not, how?
What is the scientific foundation for Musk's Neurolace?
Which field in biology has a good scope of professional success for research?
Can I develop a handover system at lab for my PhD research?
What scientific progress have humans made in the last 10 years?
What condition is more significant in a scientific hypothesis, lack of explanation or lack of accepted theory?
Does one always have to present new results when publishing a paper?
What is the best article that talk about flat organizations?
What is the importance of control and constant variables in a scientific research?
What is your favorite open problem in your field of research?
Is it wrong that I want to do a PhD in genetics but my parents are doctors?
How can I start research in neuroscience while doing my second year of an MBBS?
What is the most badly needed area of research in Pakistan?
How can I be a professor of theoretical?
What are some scientific problems not worth exploring?
If hastatic order is harnessed by the scientific community, could this make us a Type I civilization?
How can I get started doing scientific research?
What is the latest research into organic menthe?
Does someone know any scientific articles on "System compositions" in computer science?
How was your experience with Systematic Review?
Speculation, procedures, and conclusions are not scientific unless they are made public. Is this true?
What's the percentage of chemistry PhDs who eventually find a research job?
What basic science research is likely to get defunded by Trump and the GOP?
What are the odds of survival after getting shot in the forehead by a 9mm Glock at 10 feet?
What are the field of research in the concrete technology?
How much data or content needs to be updated for a conference paper to be considered for a journal submission? Is there any rule of thumb for this?
Do universities get money from scientific breakthroughs?
Why don't more companies have interview practices based on scientific research, as is done by Google and as is described by Laszlo Bock in "Work Rules"?
What if my research does not have related literature?
How do I not rely on internet too much?
What is the difference between a dissertation and a research project?
Is the main bottleneck of the pace of scientific progress the number of people in research?
Who is the researcher of “disprine”?
How is research funded in Canada, compared to the UK where groups only live off of grants?
Why is scientific research in Indian universities declining?
What are latest research topics in animal sciences?
What does descriptive evaluation method of research mean?
What are some of the research areas internet of things but related to management?
What is the difference between a research assistant and a research support? Will the research support be named in a journal report?
What was the first research project that physics students undertook?
As a researcher, do you backup your data (work and datasets) on SSD or HDD?
What is the to-do list before starting to write a scientific paper?
Can we correct the name of the author after the scientific paper gets accepted?
What is the commercial/scientific use for the stratosphere?
How much literature survey must one do before attempting a solution to a research problem?
Do I deserve to be kept an author of a manuscript if, when resubmitted, the data I produced for it is kept as a backup in case reviewers ask for it?
What percent of scientists are Christians? Which field are they predominantly in?
How is a moonshot different to any other scientific or technological research project?
How do we know whether or not religious books 'refresh' ideas or messages every once in a while to make their ideas 'align' with scientific discovery?
Can a democratic government be run using the scientific method as a way to resolve all issues?
Is it true that it's the military that generally funds our scientific researches?
What is the scientific meaning of “contribute” relative to “correlate,” “mediate,” and “cause?”
What credibility do I get when I write a scientific paper?
What do you think the most interesting aspect of conducting Internet/Phone research is?
Is there any widely accepted classification or identity code in English academic publications to define its discipline and research field?
Why are researchers paid peanuts even though their work is demanding and their contribution to the society being commendable?
Are there any studies of brainwaves in introverts and extroverts? Read the details.
Is the scientific method specifically designed to prove something wrong? If so, how did its goal arrived at this approach to the design?
What if there that is a big and fundamental blunder in the science that we study, particularly in modern physics? Will this mean that all of our research has been wasted?
What are currently the hot topics in Network Science research?
I like research. How can I participate in academic research when my college doesn't do much research in the first place?
Can a non PhD computer engineering professor write research papers?
Is there a documentary about "The life of an AI researcher"?
What is the characteristic of a good researcher and scientist?
What scientific method can improve society?
What is the importance of each step of the scientific method?
How can I be a scientific researcher?
Can a high schooler publish a science research paper?
Why does the public like to favour heroes instead of scientists?
How good is MIS as a field of academic research in near future?
How many Nobel prizes have been given to soil scientific research?
What are the latest scientific discoveries that you think people should know about?
Is there any scientific research and proof that authenticates DMIT? They say finger ridges develop with the development of the brain, and they correlate.
Why is it that journals in philosophy have a much lower impact factor than journals in the hard sciences?
Does a paper/publication on a really advanced method of scientific computations compensate for my really low GPA on my degree?
What fields of genetic engineering or research involve working with canines?
What is the best field of research to enter to study the biological roots of cognitive processes?
What is the most dangerous childhood scientific experiment that you did?
How do you conduct "deep research" to find the right prospect or audience?
What is the weirdest use of a scientific technique you know of?
Will the doctors who are upset about Trump cutting funds for research, but who will receive tax cuts, start funding their own research?
Why do people have such disdain for "conspiracy theorists" when they have often been the basis behind some of the greatest scientific discoveries?
What is it like doing a computer science PhD and quality research from new IITs, and what’s it like if PhDs get placed in research labs IBM, MS, etc.,?
What is the most useful scientific articles about ultrasound toothbrush?
What determines which academic articles are picked up by widely read newspapers and magazines such as Scientific American?
What percentage of experiments are done for NASA, free scientific knowledge, and outsourced paid for?
What do you think the Pentagon expects from the 13 Scientists in regard to so-called ‘Revolutionary Strategic Research'?
Are the majority of new "advances" in the field of Mathematics useful enough to warrant continued research funding?
What are the most important political/social incidents/changes and techincal-scientifical discoveries in England throughout the industrialization?
How can we have scientific development?
Is cognitive security a research domain?
Can you have a career in science research with DARPA?
How good is Astronomy research at Purdue University ?
Is syllogism scientifically correct?
If federally funded medical research discovers a new drug, who owns the drug and how does it come to market?
How does one come up with new scientific theories?
Do all processes that are repetitive have to be scientific? Are there any exceptions?
What are Labs and Pomeranians?
Many people seem to be uneasy about the idea of research, particularly research in schools. How would you explain this?
Where should I pursue my undergraduate course, if I want to do research in science outside of India?
What are some lesser known examples of research misconduct?
What do chess players think of the Penrose chess puzzle?
Is there any research work that can be done in B.Tech?
How do I research the success of prominent immigrants?
How can I get knowledge on scientific methods?
What do you think is the most terrifying scientific development that is currently happening, and why?
Do native English speakers read scientific articles regularly and understand the logic in one article?
What importance does the NIH funding have for medical research in the US?
How does the US National Science Foundation decide which scientists deserve funding?
What is the most recent research in probability?
What were the 5 most significant scientific inventions for their time since 1917, and what might be the next, of similar importance, within 20 years?
Can I publish a research paper if I am a college dropout but working with a PhD hire on a technology that is the core of a biomedical startup I founded?
Is osteopathy scientific based?
What is the future of research in physics?
Where can I find scientific and social scientific studies?
What does a theoretical physics professor expect from an undergraduate research intern?
How do you evaluate the validity of research findings in an academic journal?
Where can I publish my economics publication?
What are the ethics of dual use research for citizen scientists in physics and mathematics?
Have any peer-reviewed studies using the scientific method proven that Reiki does anything?
Could it be beneficial to report results of a variable as both the independent and dependent variable in a simple regression analysis?
What are great platforms to search for scientific papers that I could track/filter by their subjects?
Can scientific papers cite abstracts that have yet to be published as research articles?
Are there any public scientific papers about Becker-Melanose?
How do you write a scientific report (nothing too comprehensive) for internal resistance?
Who are those scientists who did research on evolution and explain about their works? (class10)
What does "master’s by research" mean in engineering and any other field?
What method would one use to study the question, “Is the belief in God less common today than in 1950”?
What are some little known scientific fields that will be relevant in the future?
From an engineering/research perspective, what is smallest distance you can reliably move an object?
What are the research topics in Cultural Studies and Translation studies?
What do people who believe that the USA is the absolute leader in science think when a science Nobel goes to a researcher in another country?
How can India create a bigger scientist pool and make the R&D sector more effective?
Is science becoming taboo?
What scientific discoveries could be different if tried out in space?
Do increases in scientific funding lead to more high quality research?
What is collaborative research?
Is there any scientific importance for applying tika/bindi/kumkum/chandan on forhead?
What are some great examples of accidental discoveries?
What degree is required to become a scientific writer?
Is the term "homosexual" offensive in science?
Why is it important to do scientific experiments?
What is the difference between scientific review and survey?
Can a PG finance student go to work on research papers?
How can I get research funding?
What is the method to automatically extract phrases in a scientific paper?
Where can I read scientific papers and journals for free?
What is a supernumerary research position?
Is there any tool/software to measure uniqueness of a research paper?
Can economics research be called ‘social research’ since economics is a social science?
What are the discoveries/inventions which scientists can realistically make in this century?
What are some examples of interesting scientific discoveries?
Will there be limit to scientific discovery and technological advance?
What are some psychological experiments that could benefit current scientific progress (in any field of research), but are considered unethical today?
Are university professors with large research groups really scientists by definition?
What does if feel like when you've based your work on research that is later retracted?
Is there a severe lack of cross-disciplinary research?
Competition kills scientific research. Why do you agree and why do you not?
When will unacademy start UPSC courses in different vernaculars?
Is there such a thing as a field in a good state in academia?
What is the structure of silicon dioxide (SiO²)?
Is there any scientific proof of Jannat and Jahannam as the Islam says?
What did the candidate find the most interesting aspect of the research?
Where can one publish scientific papers and how are they protected?
Do you expect any major breakthroughs in the next 50 years?
What percentage of Indian GDP is spent in scientific research?
What is the current status of the research in Ayurveda?
What if all of the world's defense budget was used for scientific advancements?
What are some cool scientific theories that have not yet been proven?
Would having a collaborative research platform help India improve in research output?
What makes scientific methods more important than other methods of learning?
What is holography used for or being studied for by researchers in physics?
How can I conduct independent, non-funded research?
I have a research in 3D perspective projections. Where can I submit it for journals or peer reviews?
What are the top problems in statistics in 2017?
Is there any way for a scientific laboratory to be completely sterile?
How can I carry out primary research on Art?
Do ethics prevent humanity's scientific knowledge and technology from progressing at a faster rate?
How scientific are social sciences?
How can I become a good researcher in aquaculture?
What are the objectives of scientific models?
What field has the most interesting research?
Why is scientific inquiry a better, more effective method of learning about the world than other methods?
How powerful and advanced are the US federal agencies, the Pentagon and the nuclear research labs as compared to the private high tech conglomerates?
While US is closing its borders, what is Canada's plan to absorb scientific talent?
Is research publications a necessary attribute to get a PhD abroad?
Could anyone estimate how far away we are from a cure to Alopecia?
Do all scientific papers utilize the sigma confidence scale? I have only noticed it in press releases dealing with discoveries in physics or astronomy.
Who tends to contribute more to scientific discoveries, the prodigies, or the average researcher?
How can a high school graduate get involved in research?
How do we say that there are three of us working on the research?
What are some great scientific field expeditions that may still happen on Earth?
Where can I find up-to-date research in autonomous driving?
What are the tradeoffs between academia (standards related research) and industry (standards applied research) + adjunct professor?
Is it morally ok to genetically modify animals so that they develop cancer and we can study them/test medicines?
Are Scientific theories that make consistent predictions merely a model or do they describe an underlying reality of how 'the world' behaves?
What will happen in the future when most/all of the low hanging fruit is gone and scientific research becomes a low yielding field?
How would one go about publishing a paper for someone that isn't a researcher at a university?
What are some ways for undergraduates who are presenting research at conferences to get grants to cover travel costs?
Why do we use absolute concentration value and percentage difference in scientific reports?
What benefit has come from the international scientific community in Antarctica?
How do I write a scientific review research paper?
Are there peer-reviewed, empirical, experimental method studies done of government sites on the differences between access patterns for mobiles versus desktops?
What are the upcoming fields in medicine/research?
Career Advise: I ended up as a lone man in a research organization where I had to do research on an outdated topic. What is the way out?
Are there any new species that came to life as part of evolution in last century?
What are some of the research papers I must read while I'm in my undergraduate studies?
What is the best way to verify scientific research?
Where do I send my research work?
What if ethics was removed from scientific research?
What is a small molecular weight tracer?
How important is it to do summer research as a math undergraduate?
Which university/institute suits the best for research in France regarding plant biotechnology and molecular biology?
What are the best ways to keep up to date with daily scientific Events and researches?
What is the status of Quatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI) in the world's major research institutes?
How does the UK's Medical Research Council (MRC) determine which scientists they should fund?
What are the consequences of not revising the scientific dogmas and replacing them with more appropriate hypotheses/assumptions?
How can we minimize scientific research being directed by a political and financial agenda?
How could I receive access to fertilized penguin eggs for research? What about other mature penguin tissue samples?
What are some situations where obtaining informed consents from participants in research is not sufficient for research to be ethical?
How and where can I be able to select and find the appropriate theory that can be used for my research study?
What is the greatest scientific work on plants?
How is it to do research at the National Brain Research Centre?
What are some scientific careers for someone with a wide variety of scientific interests and skills?
Can I become a scientist at Delhi University?
Is it mandatory to have a degree in journalism to be a full-time editor of scientific journals?
Is anything possible with science and technology that is hidden from the public by secret labs and research?
How does one come up with a research topic?
How will scientists doing basic research at universities be supported? We need to support basic researchers in Canada instead of recruiting from outside our country.
What are some fiction books where a scientific discovery is made that has society shattering ramifications?
Does the Armed Forces have better scientific fields for research and development than commercial/private institutes?
Why do scientists use null hypotheses in their experiments?
What kind of research work did Ashish Kedia do during his undergraduate?
Is the mathematics of an A Level syllabus enough to make scientific discoveries? If not, what should I start doing?
Is it possible for a person who was never brilliant during childhood/youth to become a brilliant professor/researcher?
Can we put external scientific instruments in the air frame of the Falcon 8X?
What are some do's and don'TS in a laboratory?
How are large scale meta-studies performed?
Should scientific research be carried out and control by the government rather than private companies?
How can I get adequate research collaborations and foreign conferences?
Has any quality scientific paper ever passed the blind review process without any criticism whatsoever?
How can I convince the importance of plant molecular biology research?
How close are we to extending the human lifespan, by any means, in any way?
What is the best possible way (smart & productive) to translate knowledge from scientific papers/patents into real time healthcare product?
If someone wants to write scientific papers, what should he do? What are the minimum qualifications or degrees required?
How should scientific publishing be reformed?
Does acupuncture provide any tangible health benefits?
What is it like doing a PhD and good quality research from new IITs in computer science, and do PhDs get placed in research labs like IBM, MS, etc.?
Has there ever been a documented scientific study done on the effects of alone time on the human psyche?
Is Darwinian macroevolution scientific?
If you really believe ideas are a dime a dozen, would you list them out here in exchange for cash, equity and revenue share for anything executed on?
What is QualQuan approach in social research?
Is my preliminary research job in code performance optimization publishable?
What exactly do we know about consciousness from scientific studies as of 2017?
What would have been possible if one can see the various possible outcomes of an event before it even happen like scientific experiments etc?
Would you rather be locked up in a zoo or in a research laboratory?
What is a critique of the scientific management theory?
Are there any particular studies that were conducted on animals but that scientifically would have made more sense to have been conducted on humans using MRI?
Why do the paid scientific journals have more impact factors?
Are there any examples of global expert collaboration on Quora that resulted in significant scientific progress?
What is the power quality area of your research interest, and why?
If I were to use a sample from three universities, do I have to conduct three separate pilot studies?
What are some good sources for scientific information about glyphosate?
Can we cheat nature's law regarding the conservation of energy? Can we use zero-point energy if we input a small amount of energy?
What are some interesting recent scientific discoveries on which I could make a presentation?
How daring would someone have to be to get a paper published based on fabricated data?
How can I find out about the scientific experiments that have been done?
What are some current areas of research in physical therapy (neurological PT specifically but PT in general would be appreciated too)?
How could a medical discovery regarding a government created disease be leaked without the researcher turning up dead?
Do you agree with the following statement? Are there any scientific studies for the same?
What are the current frontiers in psychological research? What is the dominant paradigm? What are the alternatives?
What's the difference between a textbook and a research paper?
Should I use quotes by a scientist/scholar if he/she later in life disowned the work and went in a bizarre and obviously pseudoscientific direction?
What is the significance of Dixon's identity? I’m doing undergraduate research.
How can I get funding for my semi-professional scientific research (in AI)?
What are some good research conferences in 2017/18 for exploration of large environments by robots?
How can the universe have formed due to quantum fluctuation happening in space when there was no space at all in the beginning?
How do researchers conduct field observations?
Is there any scientific research about cucumber causing sneeze or about side effects?
Can you name scientific literature about wages/incentive pay in startups?
Can we publish a research paper if our results interpretation is incomplete?
How important is doing a post-doc pertinent for securing a faculty position at a liberal arts college?
How are scientific disciplines created?
Why does a sociologist work outside of a lab?
What AI-based tools are available for science research and literature reviews?
Can bad students (Elementary and High school) have a good career as Academics if they excel in undergrad and PhD later on?
What criteria are used to determine whether a scientist should get research funding?
Is research in power system leading towards saturation?
What type of research study do I use in getting the perception of my population?
What is the difference between theoretical Framework and Review of Related Literature?
Is there any possibility of joining some research group abroad by contacting the research group’s head?
What is a good research topic on gender equality and women empowerment that I can research as a university undergraduate?
What are the sources for identifying the research problem?
What is the difference between a scientist and a research scientist position in pharma?
Can we use non-English references in our Quora answers?
Why is it that most, if not all, of the early discoveries (scientific phenomena) of this world were dominated by whites (Western world)?
What are some of the most prolific university research labs in China?
What are some current areas of physical therapy research?
What are scientific papers that can teach you what makes a website good?
Does an online platform exist, which enables non-academically qualified people to contribute to scientific research?
What are some alternatives for animal testing in scientific research?
What are some resources for finding post-doctoral research opportunities?
Has any serious scientific research been done on qigong (chi kung)?
What is the research problem in the movie Special 26?
How can I judge the credibility of scientific studies?
Are there any studies on the effect of audio on sex?
Is the term "genderqueer" (including nonbinary, transgender, genderfluid, etc) properly recognised in science?
How much FTS Hydrostatic shock from a bullet could a human skull survive?
How is life science research funded in the UK?
What is the most cited scientific study on the topic of gratitude?
Who is the new great physicist?
Why is climate science called science if it's not using the scientific method?
Are there any republicans involved in academic/scientific research who are disappointed that Trump doesn't care about science & does not push for education?
How I can get free Science Journal from Science Direct?
In research, what is a concept?
Which university would be best for an undergraduate molecular biology major, UCLA, UCSD or Berkeley?
What is the best new research in medical microbiology?
What are the usual comments when a reviewer asks you to revise a scientific paper?
How difficult is it now for a clerk to submit his scientific papers to scientific journals?
What's the difference between medical research done by a biologist and a physician?
What do biologists think of people who claim that they are not a woman or a man?
How do scientific discoveries threaten the authenticity of important religious beliefs?
What is the scientist lab?
What are some paid Scopus journals which has a low impact factor and a high acceptance rate?
What is the communications lab?
Using logic and reasoning, can you invalidate the simple formula Value=Nature=Life?
What are the differences between Hardy and Ramanujan’s scientific ethos?
How do you research about someone?
What should I study if I want to have an overall understanding of the natural world?
How research on unproven scientific ideas?
Is there any scientific law which has been proven wrong?
What justifies authorship in a scientific manuscript?
Are there any researchers out there who are willing to mentor high school students for scientific research (even if they live across the ocean)?
How can I get into medicine research?
Scientifically, is there any way to go into the past?
What is the role of scientific thinking?
Can you get scientific computer research funding in Indonesia?
What does a research professor expect from the students coming into the research programs?
How can I do scientific research and get published at age 15?
In future, will people view current cosmological discoveries as false discoveries?
Should I get PhD if I want to work as a research scientist in the US?
What research is done at the DREAM lab at CDS department of IISc?
What is the most popular field of mathematical research these days?
What is a researcher in the medical field?
What could be an interesting research question on the gym culture?
Are there any research scientist organizations available for a BE (EEE) in India?
How do models illustrate scientific explanations?
What are some Sanskrit scientific/engineering words?
How can I access research paper about k-12?
Why are the sciences in general, and physics in particular, so conservative and resistant to the introduction of promising new ideas?
How do you state a research problem? Why?
Are there any CRISPR specialized labs or researchers in the Northeastern USA?
Are research papers the best source for cutting edge science?
What is the difference between the term “scientific” and “academic”?
What is included in the study of Research and Development?
Is it better to go for a young and upcoming adviser or a person who is top in their field but is aged and not as active in research anymore?
Which are the best countries in which to conduct post-doctoral research studies?
What academic research is there on the particularities of the Brazilian price system?
How and where should I start writing journals and research papers about marketing in order to be considered more suitable for a PhD at an IIM/ISB?
Why are PBMCs used for immunology research?
What are the successful examples of using drone-collected data in scientific research?
What is the best way to analyze a scientific journal article?
Is it justified to require payment to access scientific articles?
Who should be included in the team going to establish a colony on new planet?
What are some websites that can be used to join with any cosmological research group?
Who are the educationists working in the field of medical sciences and research?
There is a lot of back and forth about the sources of knowledge (i.e., tenacity, scientific approval, etc.). What is the best thing about the scientific approach?
Why the unit G of centrifugation is used in scientific articles rather than RPM?
What a fundamental mistakes can a layperson discover in a considered big scientific discoveries?
What are the most important scientific papers of 2017?
Should I take a research position abroad or a paid position where I live?
How interested are you in collaborating with AIIMS-J for setting up a medtech innovation lab?
How is NCSU for EE with Signal Processing as a major and a concentration of Machine Learning?
Is Kugelblitz practically possible?
How do I join a research ship that is studying global warming?
Globally, does most scientific funding come from governments rather than the private sector?
What is blood powder? I need books or scientific papers to help me doing a research on it
Can you suggest any scientific sources on bodybuilding?
What is lacking in this world scientifically?
How researchers in critical and cultural paradigm conceptualize the same question and what methodological tool they might use?
Why do research projects involving citizen scientists often fail? What are the tips to organize such a research sucessfully?
Which countries are the most suitable for dentists to work as researchers?
How do we write a research proposal for a master’s scholarship? Is it same as writing any other research proposal?
Are professors open to taking on newly graduated undergraduates to conduct research?
Are there any other scientific hypotheses like the Obstetrical Dilemma?
Who is considered the first author of the paper (see comments)?
Do deaf people find it harder to contribute to areas of scientific research where most knowledge is primarily communicated verbally?
What are the qualities of a genuine researcher?
How do I convince a professor to be intern in his Lab, effective way?
How can I justify the rejected hypotheses in a research study?
What are the biology related research laboratories in France for charpak scholarship?
Why are IISERs not among the top research institutes of India?
What are the most relevant research papers in Biology in the last 20 years?
What are the most promising things in pharmacy career all over the world?
What's the scientific concept of chitosan?
How training from physical research lab will be useful in future career?
How can be the results of eyetracking research reported?
What scientific journals do you follow?
How can I make my physics lab report perfect?
Is there any scientific observation which supports any feature of your religion?
Is it possible to sue a university for ruining your research work and funding?
What does a patent for an invention mean and how can it be done?
What countries still support science?
What is research scholars?
Are there any monks in scientific field?
Which branch of science requires more money for research?
Why is scientific research not open-source?
What are the names and uses of the equipment and machines in an agriculture laboratory?
Why are triangular prisms so prevalent in physics?
How dead species are stored in laboratory?
What is the difference between engineering and research?
What peer-reviewed research has published a wrong-father rate?
How can I conduct research, where the goal is to know the impact of the lack of investment in talent in tourism?
What are some things that Humans have witnessed that break a scientific law/laws?
How can I choose a good social science research topic?
Which BOINC-based project has the highest likelyhood of benefitting the greatest number of people?
Do I need to source every single bit of information in a research paper?
Why do Researchers use biostatistics?
What is the definition of a scientific question?
What are the limits of scientific knowledge? Are there phenomena that we know we won’t understand, using the scientific method? What are they?
How do I choose the population for my research?
What is the scope of researcher in medical field?
Are there any scientific research or study on the safety of vaping?
What kind of research papers will be valuable enough to get into MIT?
What is the best research to be known by everyone?
How would you include euclidean distances in a (social) network model?
Do the Russian universities allow writing research journals, dissertations, or theses in English?
Which route would you rather take, to be a researcher, or to get rich and fund research?
What is research potential?
Which principle of management involves scientific enquiry and investigation of each task?
Is Tripi.vn investing in research and funding research engineers to publish papers at top conferences?
How should I go about finding a good (medical) topic for research, at the undergraduate level?
Who do I send a Physics research proposal to at MIT?
How can I inculcate scientific thinking in my mind?
What is the state of science research in Kenya?
How useful is Mendeley for conducting a literature review?
What area is more promising for research in Electronic Engineering: Photonics or Condensed Matter?
Is it possible to create a computer program that can make scientific discoveries?
Is there any scientific research to ascertain a person's intelligence from their hand writing?
Is a paper available as open access in arXiv as good as an open access journal article?
Can someone with a PhD in bioinformatics access publicly available data resources and publish scientific papers by themselves?
What is hypothesis? And how can I identify hypothesis in a psychology research article?
Who do I talk to about a new scientific breakthrough?
Do scientific journals allow adding a co-author to a manuscript after submission?
In phenomenological researches, what's the best way to keep the researcher's presuppositions at bay?
To what extent can the regulation of scientific and technological developments be justified?
Can scientific research be a hobby?
What's more important, solving the problem or communicating it, e.g. built an atom-smasher, or did not build it yet, but already start writing about?
Why aren't remote-controlled submersibles replacing crewed ones in scientific research?
What are the top for-profit research and development companies?
Is there any possibility of finding a bacteria that can eat plastic?
Which discoveries are pending releted to biology?
What do researchers do with data contained in research papers after publication?
What are some scientific articles/studies about the psychological effects of hormone replacement therapy (HRT)?
How can we trust research studies?
Can I build a startup focused solely on inventing and developing technologies and on pure science research?
Where can I find a quick reference guide to statistical models common in scientific research?
What magic did Jesus perform? Is there any scientific proof of this?
How have the scientific discoveries made in the 19th century changed today's world?
Do students use plagiarism checkers? And how many paper prechecks do students usually do ahead of the due date?
Should scientists publish research results that may compromise public health or be misused by people?
What new forms of scientific research will be enabled with Apache Spark?
Should we publish research that compromise public health?
Which research fields in life science don't require a laboratory (I can do without labs)?
What are some interesting self experiments or studies done on the experimenter themselves?
What scientific discoveries can be made by a layperson?
How do I review a research study?
Which living organism is at the very bottom of the food chain?
Is there a method of reasoning better than the traditional scientific method?
Why are scientists studying scientific research?
Can you suggest me some topics to write a scientific review paper?
What is the different between Mathematical & theoretical of Operations Research(OR)?
How is research life in AIIMS?
Which is the best way to go with research in cosmology, mathematics or physics?
How can I fund my private scientific research?
Is everything must be computed in mathematics to say it is possible and accepted in scientific community?
What is the difference between mathematical and theoretical operations research?
What are some good science research topics?
What are good resources (books, MOOCs, websites, etc.) to help one improve their academic writing?
Is there any feature of your religion which is subject to scientific testing?
Is there currently research being done applying Tensor Flow to research related to plant growth and development?
Are metamaterials usable as energy absorber?
Is hypothesis-driven research less important in engineering than it is in science?
What should I major in if I want to do research in the medical field?
How is offering water to tulsi beneficial in a scientific way?
To become a professor at DU, is it necessary to have a research paper?
What makes a journal a good journal in any particular field?
Can a person rent a pharmaceutical lab to do a private research?
Is it normal for the average PhD student to feel that nobody cares about or respect the research he/she is doing?
Do scientific journals always accept a submission of any research?
What are the science discoveries from tetrahymena?
Is the authorship of scientific papers by companies regarded differently than academic authorship?
What motivates you to study the most?
What would be the best approach to linking specific genes with specific phenotypic characteristics?
What peer-reviewed scientific studies exist that prove what consciousness is?
How do I write research paper on gender stereotyping in advertisement? On what basis I can divide the paper?
What are examples of good social science research topics?
Have you participated in the Nanyang Research Programme for JC1s before? How was the workload like and were you able to cope with JC life?
What is replicability in research? How does it differ from plagiarism?
In what ways can the flight path of a frisbee model certain ideas in the scientific world?
Do any academic labs automate most of their research with a cloud lab service (Emerald or Transcriptic)? Why or why not?
Would the international scientific and political communities work together if there was a threat of a major meteor strike?
How can I convince my friend that green coffee is just a hoax?
Can I publish a paper about a hypothesis without any empirical studies to back it?
How disappointing is it to see your scientific research recognized after 40 years?
What research has been done at IITs recently?
Isn't it important to be vigilant in giving incorrect scientific assertions in real time?
Why is the scientific method preferable to the common name of an organism?
What ideas are there for investigatory science projects that haven’t been proven yet?
If you produce good research papers, is that equivalent to having a master’s degree?
What is the current, accepted premise in the scientific community on how the singularity came into existence?
Has anyone been credited with a scientific discovery who wasn't good at math or science?
What discoveries could have been made much earlier?
Where can I make polls for my scientific research?
What is the current state of research on computational biology?
I am being harassed by my previous University to give away all of the research designs produced by my group on an NSF grant. Is it legal?
What are the best examples of scientific principles accepted as virtually indisputable fact, but later proven wrong? (e.g., a "geocentric" universe)
What are the latest research going on jigs and fixtures?
Are scientific theories merely the collective opinions of scientists, or do such theories give us genuine knowledge of the real world?
Which research and experimental subjects get neglected by, or fall below the radar of commercial, academic, citizen science and charitable endeavors?
Is it easier to publish papers in journals with lower impact factors than journals with higher ones?
What is the operation mode of a research institute? Where do they get funding?
What are some of the promising research areas in control?
Are there international scientific competitions for undergraduates?
What are some cutting-edge research going on in IITs?
What are some examples of overhyped scientific discoveries?
I want to be a CRISPR/immunology research scientist, what should I study?
What are the most beautiful and elegant scientific theories that turned out to be utterly wrong?
Can scientists become millionaires?
What are some ethical issues related to research in science?
What does lightning look and feel like from under water?
Is there any scientific observation which was predicted by your religion and later proven true?
Which companies are contributing the most to scientific research?
Is material "science" research more based on technology rather than "science"?
What evidence do we have that the world isn't flat?
Why are there so few scientific studies done on the consumption of cannabis?
Is there any kind of scientific observation or discovery which, if it were seen, would change your belief in your religion?
What is some important recent research on dreams?
Why is it important to anchor a research study on a theory or principle?
Are there studies for the optimal work week schedule?
Is it necessary that one’s research paper’s topic be a subset of one of the research areas of the institution (to which the author is affiliated to)?
Do you have to be in grad school or have a Ph.D. to publish research articles?
In which ways metamaterials and nantennas could absorb energy?
What are examples of variables in the scientific method?
If time had no independent existence beyond being a concept like distance and weight, etc., would it make a difference to current scientific theories?
What is a good scientific test to prove that you are you and not a copy of you?
What are some amazing scientific phenomenons?
Is there any scientific publication (research/review articles) about Jack Andraka's pancreatic cancer test?
If I want to learn about autonomous driving, which articles, papers or books would you recommend?
What is your opinion on crowd-funding scientific research (either as a public or scientific personnel)?
What are some qualities of a good research?
Scientifically, is there such a thing as 'pull'?
How do I fact check people who cite studies?
What is the difference between a peer review and a quality review in CA?
What are some of the more innovative ideas/technologies on which research is currently being done?
Why have scientists and researchers not made bed bug elimination products specifically?
To what extent is the current cognitive science research program guided and informed by the underlying philosophical discussions?
Why safe working practices are regulated in the modern laboratory?
What were the greatest scientific discoveries of 2016?
What kind of studies do I need to have to be part of the Circular Economy Program approved by the EU?
How can I start my research?
For a PhD student, do you have to do your dissertation related to the research lab you are funded by?
How can I become an accredited scientist?
How do Wildlife researchers out in the field make a potty?
What does it feel to have a breakthrough year as a PhD student?
How important is CGPA in the field of research?
What does it mean a "scientific observation"?
What are the scientific discoveries, accomplishments, and views of Catholics?
What exactly do place cells code for? How specific are they: for example, do they tell you what city you are in or what part of a room you are in?
Which laboratory supports budding scientist to do research?
How to start research work on simple ketones?
Why don't scientists make humans in labs, and use them for testing, and use their organs for donation, research, etc?
What is the difference between research and entrepreneurship?
What are the hardest parts of working with senescent cell lines?
Where can we do lab testing for supplements?
If an individual declines authorship and acknowledgement on a manuscript before submission, can they ask to be put back on after it has been accepted?
Has an undergraduate ever been published in Nature, Science or any other top-tier research journal?
Where can I find news about research being done on andrographis paniculata?
What are the topics which, despite having scientific consensus, are challenged in school curricula?
What is a good research paper topic for medical laboratory science/clinical laboratory science/medical technology that can be conducted by students?
What's the best way to find reliable scientific information?
What does the day-to-day work of a DeepMind research scientist consist of?
Does academic research in management yield useful findings, or does it mainly exist to generate PhDs and academic careers for those who want them?
Is I Ching scientific?
What are the courses that I need to pursue for a career in research in biology? Also how can I exactly join an institution to do research?
How do I create good, new research using algae?
What scientific studies are there that state that woman are less intelligent then men?
What qualitative research models can I use to analyze data in a paper using the theory of planned behavior to look at the reasons behind milk non-consumption?
What are some ways to find a research position in a great lab?
How can you describe the five scientific methods?
What is it like submitting unpublished research article to more than one journal from a different publisher? Why is it ethically wrong?
How can I start in scientific research? And how can I choose the topics?
What's a good way to approach someone (professor or researcher) to start collaborating research work with them?
If there is a massive economic downturn, will scientific research come to a halt?
Does celibacy help scientists and researchers become successful?
Who are the people that do research on mice?
To what extent is it true that US universities are hiring foreign grad students in STEM because of the shortfall of local grad students?
How long does the review of a research manuscript at European Journal of neuroscience normally take?
When was the earliest "laboratory equipment" made?
What is Lawrence Krauss' most influential scientific paper?
What is it like to conduct theoretical physics research?
Are there any good scientific investigations I could do?
Users of Quora currently conducting grant funded research, how much time do you spend doing accounting on the grant money spent doing the research?
How do I go about a theoretical framework for my thesis on the effects of mobile money on the banking system and the community?
How is the Physics Major at University of Copenhagen nowadays?
What is the fastest way to be a medical researcher?
Hypotheses have not supported the research. What will be the justification of the rejected hypotheses in the research?
Why does conduction work?
What are currently the hot topics in computational pharmacology?
What are the most significant accomplishments of engineering research conducted at MIT?
What is the importance of developing new scientific models?
Why do we need to measure apoptosis and proliferation of a certain cell line prior to experimentation?
What is Walter Lewin's proudest research paper?
How can one become a research scientist?
Why are so many scientists atheists/agnostics despite so many miracles in nature?
What field is in most need of specialized scientists?
What are some good contemporary examples of situations where cultural beliefs still trump scientific fact?
How can I become a good researcher in your physics?
How does the internet help in research work?
Is there scientific proof that water has memory?
Is is realistically possible to join 2 physics research groups simultaneously?
Which department of EE in IITB has the most research activity?
How can high school students get involved with physics/astronomy research?
How can we synthesize research findings into data (or big data) so science can be better utilized among researchers and the public?
Which are the most important advances about exoplanets research?
Can you make money in scientific research?
What are some scientific things Indians do?
How do I make a background study of my research paper?
When a scientific statement is called a principle, does it mean that there's no proof for it?
What is the worst case of scientific truth being suppressed purely for economic gain or for the protection of established economic power?
If the timeline of the earth "restarted", would the same scientific discoveries be made again?
What is the best scientific literature on verbal aggression?
How is research done on quorum sensing?
How is drafting a report a scientific and systematic process?
How often do high school students write scientific research papers in the USA?
As a professor, how do you keep yourself up to date with new journal articles which are similar in topics you are currently working or researching on?
Which academic institutions are considered to be top of their field in phenology research?
How can I help humanity progress?
How long does it take to read a scientific journal or paper in order to understand it well?
What were the scientific method that Boscovich had used?
How do you describe cringe scientifically?
Would the customs charge me fees for a portable Network analyzer I have in my bag?
What is the purpose of a conceptual research?
What is the characteristics of a seasoned researcher, and how one can be a seasoned researcher?
What are some phenomenal scientific discoveries that we take for granted?
What does scientific research avoid or find taboo?
Where can I find a nice gallery of scientific projects carried out in Python?
What are the formalities to open a agriculture research lab in India?
What is the difference between scientific research and scientific attitute?
How is research done in theoretical physics research groups? Do they all work together on one problem?
What should I expect to learn from a philosophy research paper?
Where can we find free lectures notes published online by reputable universities?
Why has theoretical physics made far greater progress than theoretical neuroscience?
Are there any political clubs or movements who strive to make scientific material freely accessible for everyone?
Which problems in mathematics would have the greatest direct benefit to civilization if solved?
What are the top breakthrough research papers in AI like DeepMind in the past two years?
Are scientific facts & scientific laws essentially falsifiable by definition and can be proven wrong?
Who has presented the best scientific hypothesis on immunity to date describing the processes at play beyond observing the presence of antigens?
Is "Vortex Science" a legitimate branch of science?
Is there any scientific investigation on religions and psychological problems?
How can one tell if their new scientific theory is too valuable to expose through Quora?
Why do some non-scientific people discredit scientific theories?
How can major U.S. Scientific Research be trusted when it's mostly financed through grants from Liberal Government agencies?
What's the difference between scientific and engineering communities?
What are the areas of weakness that we need to fix to achieve one big collaborative scientific community?
How can I think of some topics to conduct research on?
Why isn't BOINC well-known?
How can I make a research about the problem of environment?
What are the really important empirical studies in microeconomics?
Who wants to march against corruption, fraud, and incompetence in science?
In your opinion, what are some of the coolest scientific discoveries and technological advances that humans have made?
What are the most exciting areas of surgical research?
What are other antibacterial research topics that doesn't include plant extracts?
I’m not affiliated with any research institution. Where can I publish theoretical studies in cognitive or social psychology?
What was the result of the peer review of Dr. Lijun Wang's 2000 research involving cesium gas at the NEC Research Institute in Princeton?
What are the different ways to ornament your research paper with a more theoretical flavor?
What is the most mathematically and scientifically rigorous field of psychology?
What are the major breakthrough made by ISS in field of science & technology?
Is there any theory or research before the Big Bang?
How do I know if I a scientific research from a specific article was replicated?
How does one go about framing a good research question?
What were the significant Scientific advancements and discoveries made in India during Delhi sultanate and Mughal Rule?
How do I become an academic researcher in Kerala?
Have there been any instances in science where valid experimental data was contradictory to true scientific theories and scientific reasoning?
How come I don't see any scientific break throughs being put to use?
Is it true that you can't take up research in the field of biology if you are not really good at physics and math?
To what extent does political science research affect US policies?
Do participants of scientific research need to give personal information?
Can I do a research paper for a combined braking system?
How does one go about getting into fields of research in mathematics?
How can the characteristics of research be described?
Is there a platform where one can hire independent technical, scientific, and/or academic researchers? Upwork/Elance for researchers essentially.
If relativity were true, then light would fly backwards off the earth. Doesn't this debunk relativity?
What approach is usually employed in scientific discovery and research?
What are some important scientific studies conducted by British scientists nowadays?
How LTE-WLAN aggregation (LWA) technology work?
What would happen if every computer in the world ran BOINC all day?
Is there scientific research available on Reiki?
What is the difference in meaning of 'scientific investigation' and 'research'?
What are some examples of the 5 steps of the scientific method?
Why is Matlab more reliable for scientific computing than Python or any other language for this purpose?
What is the importance of the last step in the scientific method?
How should we distinguish between good and bad scientific theories?
Should the federal government fund sex research?
Why is deflategate so controversial if the findings reached by Exponent (a well respected Scientific Research Company) are conclusive?
Why would I trust a politician over the majority of the scientific community on a scientific issue?
How do I avoid feeling sleepy during reading?
How many people researched the article on Waycraine by Diane Peterson?
What is the type of research held by physician? What are their researches aimed for?
I got accepted to work in my dream research lab, but found out they do animal testing. Should I stay in the lab even though I feel morally against it?
My friend faked his research results. What should he do?
Will the new administration cut down federal (research) national laboratories jobs?
Is there any scientific explanation for how the TARDIS is more expansive on the inside than the outside?
How do I know when I have produced a correct formal definition of a research problem?
What are the subjects which need good research in electronics?
Where can I find undergraduate research papers?
Does a central platform for scientific data re-use exist?
Which scientists’ early death is a loss for science and humanity?
Does a lab's research inclination (theory vs practice) affect the lab culture?
How can you test a scientific hypothesis?
What can Indian government do to motivate and support scientists?
What is the metallic hydrogen being kept in?
Is it the case that the pace of fundamental discoveries in physics has decreased?
What would be a fair percentage of profits for a scientist/chemist to help in research & development of a new product line?
Is there any scientific proof of the metaphysical?
What is the simple definition of "modelling" in research and what is the use of it?
Is it necessary to have a degree in astronomy or astrophysics to publish a scientific research paper on it?
Do professors with a lot of Chinese grad students tend to produce a lot of papers?
Who are the researchers who had done enormous amount on study on Coping?
What are your thoughts on John Arnold and his funding of reproducibility research?
What is the salary of a scientific researcher in Basel?
If the EM Drive works, how long would it take to build a ship capable of interstellar travel?
Do I like the idea of being a scientist more than actually performing science?
Is it possible to become a scientist if I graduated in veterinary?
What are the essential components of compact scientific writing in general and in economics in particular? How to develop it?
Where can I find some good scientific papers/books on bond market history?
What are the mistakes a research scholar does during his/her PhD? How they can be avoided?
What are the best scientific papers in Physics during twentieth century?
What is the difference between research paper and scientific paper?
Is scientific progress important?
What quantitative methods do researchers use most in academic papers?
How can you tell how much a researcher is respected in the field?
What relevant research did you carry out before building your website?
How does science explain philosophy?
What are some unexpected ways basic science research has improved people's lives?
Are there any recommended research papers to study on multi modal communication of humans?
What should a fresh PhD scholar do when his co-authors violate research ethics leaving him as a silent spectator?
What were Jahangir's scientific discoveries?
How do I be an effective reseacher and also effectively do researches with regard to biotechnology?
What is the amount government gives to researchers and professors in modern physics?
What are the best books to learn how to look for data and research to back up argument?
What are time crystals and what is the meaning of the latest discovery in the field?
How should a undergraduate research paper of a student studying materials science / metallurgical engineering be like?
Will scarless healing ever be possible?
How do you publish a scientific review (life sciences)?
Is it true that relativity is silly and crap?
Are there any serious scientific research papers on cryopreservation of humans?
How would you prove you're 'gay enough' to gain asylum? Is there a credible scientific test?
Which scientific breakthrough do you think wouldn't be possible without the distinct genius of its discoverer, i.e not merely the product of its time?
Is there an easily obtainable liquid, which kept at room temperature, and using only a basic stimuli, would visibly bubble for a long period of time?
What do you call the research study that have no sampling?
What are some recent ongoing research in food science?
What are the advantages of the scientific inquiry process?
Where can I find the serious scientific methods and models that are used to predict how many lives are saved by vaccines?
What is a scientific mind?
What is the difference between Impact Factor (IF) and Global Impact factor (GIF) and Universal Impact Factor(UIF) in research publications?
What characteristics do the 5 steps of the scientific method have?
Did anyone submit an article to the journal 'Water Research'? How long did the review take?
How do Scientologists know Hubbard did scientific research, since he published no research documentation?
I'm a student working in a lab. I'm doing several chemical experiments for a PhD student. Can I get credit for my work if her paper get published?
What is the importance of the 8 steps of the scientific method?
How much revenue do Journals like Nature, Cell and Science earn ?
What device do scientists use to measure the saturation level of water?
Where can I find a compilation of the most up-to-date research on caffeine?
Why do college professors, on average, have other jobs/positions beyond classes and research?
If I'm still an undergraduate, how can I participate in scientific research?
What was the worst publication in a major scientific journal of recent years?
How do I take my hypothesis to the next level?
How do I become an undergraduate research assistant at UC Berkeley RISE Lab?
What are some breakthrough discoveries in medicine and biology at MIT?
What do you think is the most impressive scientific discovery in physics?
What are some theories that worked well but now it is found to be incorrect?
Should I acknowledge contribution in writing a scientific paper in the acknowledgement section?
Is it necessary to develop new methods for climate research? Why/why not?
How fomic acid is prepared in lab?
Who was the pioneer of scientific method?
Should I send my new discovery to a Peer reviewed journal?
Is there any journal or research about the effect of forced right handed?
How do you determine what is a good scientific journal in which to submit your papers?
How many professional researchers are there in the world?
When we say state of the art (about a dissertation or a research) what does it mean excactly?
How does the process of math research work?
Is there scientific validity to Acupressure?
How is scientific knowledge generated?
Are theoretical fields of science sexist? What are the feminist critiques against them?
As an independent researcher and/or a non-credentialed scientist, what is your biggest hurdle?
What are the good things about doing scientific research as a high schooler?
How do I organise, my research notes effectively?
What is the science behind the effectiveness of deep breathing for stress relief?
What examples are there of research groups formed to promote agendas rather than produce scientific results?
Which US schools do research which involves a combination of data research methods and engineering?
Where can I post/store a file (text/image/audio/video) with an IDEA that I want to prove I had at a certain point in time?
How can I be qualified for international biology summer research programs?
How scientific method different from scientific attitude in research?
How is academia.edu going to make itself more popular than ResearchGate for researchers in the hard sciences?
What is the significant impact of evidence on scientific discoveries?
Is Kindle for research books?
What kind of research happens at Dakshin Gangotri?
Who are some great Hindu Rishis (Saints) from India who have contributed to Science and Mathematics? What are their contributions?
Imagine you were to receive funding to conduct a research about the Popol Vuh. What kind of questions would interest you?
What are the best medical science innovative research groups in Switzerland?
How can I be a researcher on nephrology?
Where can I find a specific scientific paper?
How does CINVESTAV compare to similar research institutions around the world?
What is the impact of alternative facts on the scientific process?
What is the Scientific Research in the National Interest Act?
What % is considered a good success rate in neurological or medical research studies? Is anything above 50% considered good?
How can Gene Runner help in primer designing?
How do I to improve my experience in scientific research?
What is the importance Of scientific attitude?
Do you need a PhD to get a research fellowship?
Is it illegal to purge federally funded scientific research that is available to the public?
What is an effective way to organize user research findings (from a contextual inquiry for example)?
Have you ever "tampered" your research in order to achieve the results that you wanted?
What are some topics that I can research in my MPhil? My desired field is development studies/ sectors.
Do you think you have an ethical obligation to future students and researchers to make your research data accessible?
Why statisticians didn't want to work on machine learning until computer scientists made the field "trendy"?
Has the debate on climate change affected how Americans trust science?
What are your thoughts on services like Sci-Hub and LibGen? Should these cease to exist or should information be truly free & accessible to everyone?
How can you describe the 5 steps in the scientific method?
Can a research hypothesis be patented?
Are there any ongoing scientific experiments on the afterlife?
What amount has been allocated for scientific research in Indian Union budget 2017-2018?
What are legitimate reasons to not trust scientific results?
Has there been PhD students who got ignored by their advisors for a long period?
What scientific discoveries were made while using a hallucinogenic?
What are some important televised events in the recent history of scientific discovery?
How many decades will have to pass before everyone in the United States accepts mainstream science?
What qualifies as good research?
Do we have the scientific expertise and technology to prove that the SUN is not a Binary star?
What does Researcher's Hell look like?
Why do researchers present at conferences?
How can an MS-level mathematician/statistician find an opportunity to co-author a paper with a scientist?
Is it ethical to split a research paper into parts, where each part represents different experiments on the same idea, in order to increase publication numbers?
Was Isaac Newton crazy?
Which kind of resources is the best to use when writing a research paper?
What are the most notable innovative research groups concerning medical sciences and pharmacy all over the world?
What is a unique, useful scientific example of causal research?
What are a few upcoming research areas in inorganic chemistry that need attention?
What are some of the interesting researches going on in the field of nanotechnology and nanoscience?
How do I proceed with publishing my first paper on academia?
What are the major academic research centres for genomics of aging?
Why do countries spends more on defence than on science, medicine and research?
Why does the diagonal in the correlation matrix not =1?
Can I write a scientific paper on an improved Ride sharing/car pooling algorithm?
How can I improve scientific searching and writing?
How can a diligent graduate student do an exceptional research (Scientific) during his/her studies?
What are some ideas of scientific investigation topics?
How does hard scientists account for what caused the variance in their experiments?
When will we have universal lenses? Lenses which when worn will scan the eyes and adjust accordingly to give perfect vision?
How can I get into TIFR for conducting research in Biology?
How do I shape my scientific viewpoint?
What are some of the coolest accidental scientific discoveries that happened pre-1900?
My dream is to have a research career in scientific computation. How can I achieve my dream?
Which institutes are researching hyaluronan and cancer?
Why are there not any scientific evidences nor scientific papers about the "engrams” or the “reactive mind” existence?
What are some of the least studied organisms?
What are the inventions made by child scientists?
I see reports every day in the news. One day, something is good (e.g vaping). The next day, it's bad. How can I filter out which is correct and why?
Which is more important, love for others or the scientific method?
Which discoveries are most important?
Do you think the years of garage scientists changing the state of the art in their respective fields is over?
What should I prioritize while choosing a research lab?
What is the science that studies the structure of government?
Can creativity in scientific research be developed/enhanced? And if so, how?
Between experimental and theoretical discoveries, which category has won more Nobel Prizes in physics?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of both the scientific research method and the social science research method?
What are the characteristics of the parts of the scientific method?
Are there any scientific studies that prove the benefits of drinking kombucha?
For Singaporean PhD students in the USA, which funding agencies offer research funding for their PhD projects?
How do I pool data for science lab reports?
What is the difference in search and research in a subject?
How do I apply for the role of a writer at the Scientific American?
How common is it for scientists to publish under a different last name than their actual last name?
If Canada legalized marijuana how would that affect scientific research on marijuana?
What is constructivist and deconstructivist approach in a research?
Why would AI be evil?
Is the scientific community essentially meritocratic?
If I contact every pregnant woman in the hospital in a specific city and deliver them a questionnaire. What kind of sampling/recruitment I have done?
How long does one usually have to wait to realize the academic impact of his published journal papers?
How scientific is our understanding of flavor?
What are the most important skills/knowledge needed to be successful in any area of computer science and engineering?
Is there scientific proof that ecological food is better for your health?
Is it good to do research in genetics in UK?
Which research is better industrial or academics research?
As a scientist, what non-scientific area of study do you think has important secrets for us to unlock?
Will India have better academics-industry interface in future regarding scientific & technological research?
What are the different types of scientific research?
How can you tell if a study is biased, inaccurate, or otherwise untrue?
What is more important in securing a job as an assistant professor? — empirical research papers or review papers?
What makes scientific method scientific?
What are some of the leading companies in precision medicine and genetic research?
Do Americans have very limited scientific common sense?
How is the Stower Institute for Medical Research rated?
If the great scientific consensus is in something, is it reasonable to have great doubts about it?
Who is leading research on Zipf’s law?
Do you have examples of comical, yet legitimate, scientific experiments?
Is it unethical to use mice in anorexia research?
What are some examples of simple experiments using the scientific method?
Is there any scientific research proving that scientific questions are the best way to come to conclusions on a study?
Can I publish my research done in a private company without their knowledge?
How many scientists exist worldwide, not engineers, but scientists who have done or are doing research which has lead to new discoveries?
Are twin studies fundamentally biased?
Is lab research necessary for applying to Med school?
Is there any scientific research on the pros and cons or the effects of Animal Pak multivitamins?
What is the most powerful alternative to actual scientific method?
Is there any scientific proof for Jinns?
What is the most current scientific research on belief systems and where is that research being conducted?
What are the most underrated fields of scientific study?
If a PhD student only has two journal publications five years since he commenced on his/her studies, is that a disaster?
What are some examples of scientific theories?
What was the research process like for Dark at the Crossing?
What has been the most unforgettable "so near, yet so far" episode of your life?
Why hasn't the scientific community been able to decipher and understand animal sounds?
What's your opinion on what Popper thought of the scientific method?
What is Frederick Suppe's structure of scientific theory?
How do mad scientists earn money?
Why do scientific people assume those less educated will never make a new discovery?
What are some of the most amazing scientific theories since 1950?
How can I be an independent researcher in physics?
What are research areas in quality management?
What is the importance of the control group in a scientific method?
Do Indian research organisations contribute in any way to the scientific community?
Which is correct - science studies or scientific studies?
How does it feel as a PhD student without any citations of his/her journal publications?
What are some ways to find research information usually unavailable?
Is the scientific inventions causing disturbance in human morality?
What does Luigi Galvani's research with applied electrical currents suggest?
What are some scientific discoveries that were truly incidental?
Is the government/foundation climate science gravy train a threat to scientific integrity?
How an exploratory research is being conducted?
What is the best country to do postgraduate studies in nano-science?
Are there any scientific discoveries that should be hidden from the public?
Is there any scientific study on prayer?
Doctors, what’s hardest about keeping up with medical research?
How can one make a smoother transfer from one institute to another along with his/her DST funded project?
How important are research grants when recruiting a potential professor?
Who were the main philosophers arguing for scientific method to be essential for understanding/knowledge?
Where should I publish my research paper which will have an good impact on my profile for masters?
To what extent do publications matter for associate professors who aim to get promoted to full professors?
Why would people rather believe in finality/certainty than infinity/uncertainty?
How do I create a research title?
What is an anti-scientific society?
If you put 10 families with African descent in a very cold place what would happen?
What three question would a researcher ask from a psychoanalytic perspectives?
What are some common laboratory equipment and uses?
In what ways will science research and development be affected by the new Whitehouse administration?
What does someone need to know in order to conduct research in interactive technology?
What is the impact factor of the Journal of Scientific Research?
In your scientific opinion, which branch of biomedical research has the most potential/is the most exciting?
Genetics and inbreeding- what are the most up to date research papers on the subject?
What if a person starts to require scientific evidences of the real and measurable effectivity and outcomes of services that Scientology offer to him?
What is the best method for writing scientific articles?
What are some of the research areas available for postgraduate research in telecommunication?
Could legislatures be replaced with bodies of scientific experts and referendums?
Did ancient Hindu saints know about white holes?
What are the goals of scientific research?
Is there any scientific papers about procrastination in neuroscience field?
If new discoveries can not be proven yet, how do you prove them?
Is Batman ever shown explicitly using the Scientific Method?
How can the process of using "thought experiments" be used in applied engineering research?
What is the most innovative scientific research going on at present and where?
How memorable is the feeling of getting the first journal publication for grad students?
Can you (later) write research papers using content from your own PhD thesis?
How can I detect H-FABP3 from albumin (human plasma)? What products can be used for the same, and where are they available?
If you are a scientist or a science enthusiast, will you join the March for Science in DC?
To what extent does the fact that we are already born limit our possibilities of reaping the potential rewards of genetic engineering?
What are the best scientific research paper portals that are free access?
If research in management is not 100% scientific then why bother to do it?
Where can I get research papers on phishing?
Do you think citizens have a moral obligation to participate in scientific research to help further scientific knowledge? Why or why not?
How much progress has been made about understanding the mind since Descarte's hypothesis about dualism?
Does science run counter to American values? Does this mean that Americans aren’t good at science, and immigrants have to do most of it?
Is it true that English is the lingua franca in scientific institutions and research universities throughout Europe?
How does US politics impact physics research in the US?
Is it common for large percentages of the population to deny scientific theories and discoveries?
How scientific is Casteism in practice?
Is Hyperloop really coming to India?
Who are the 30 greatest scientists that Richard Muller thinks are deserving of receiving the Nobel Prize in Physics, but who have not?
What are the fields of research in instrumentatuon and control?
What would be the ideal subject selection to do BS Biology (Research)?
If you go through a portal, is it still you that comes out the other end?
What is 'sensible costs and alternatives' in medical research literature?
How can one conduct research on a particular topic?
Why is scientific method inherently inefficient?
Superstitions: How did the notion of a black cat crossing your path being a bad omen originate?
Where can I download research papers on flow measurement and level measurement techniques, as well as for flow meter calibration, for free?
In a case study research, what is the minimum amount of sources a research is required to use?
Can an Indian become a researcher in American universities?
How can I enter the field of research in Europe as a fresh graduate doctor?
Which technology is still required in the research field of biology?
What does it take to start a research institute?
Where can I get free legit grants for any kind of futuristic advanced technology research to hire scientist for any projects you can imagine?
How do I choose a specification for ASIC lab work?
The Birdman of Alcatraz was allowed to conduct scientific research. Why aren't today's lifers allowed similar pursuits?
What do you think about the sharp increase in scientific research grant fraud and misconduct?
My startup gives rewards to students in response to grades with the hopes of improving their performance. Would a scientific paper serve any purpose?
Is there any research available on turning coal into carbon sheets or nanotubes?
Which academic institutes in Minnesota encourage visiting researchers?
What are some wonderful inventions or discoveries by ametures?
What are the best books/blogs/resources on science communication or methods related to explaining technology concepts or research ideas?
Were you happy with your graduate school experience, in particular people who have graduated in the last decade?
Why it is becoming inevitably important to publishing a research paper? Even many have no practical importance.
What are some benefits of conducting a research?
What are some good ways to make money using a research science skillset?
Can skyline queries be combined in any way for my research?
What is the best resource for finding journal articles for essay research?
What are the best methods to organize downloaded scientific papers?
What is the price range of a new TIRF microscope, lowest to highest? And what is the seller's usual or average profit margin?
Did Paul Feyerabend deconstruct the scientific method?
How will pure scientific and applied research or space exploration fare under Trump? Will universities become more dependent on corporations?
What is Frederick Suppe structure of scientific theory?
Which board is better to do research in gentics?
Which discoveries have been made in the past 30 years in the field of Neurophysiology?
Did Stanley Kubrick just admit to faking the moon landings?
What is the scientific management theory?
Which research areas in bio-medicine are the most promising and yielding?
What is Koonin's scientific critique of abiogenesis?
Has any in-depth SCIENTIFIC study been conducted to determine the existence of an afterlife?
How can I find a way to join lab or keep myself in research career?
We cannot satisfactorily define nothing. Philosophically or scientifically, could this explain existence?
What are the characteristics of great scientists?
What are some ways to get secret documents in research?
Does attempting to make new discoveries through the use of a correctly structured scientific question, cause us to miss out on the potential for new discoveries?
Can you give me the three most significant scientific studies in your field of interest?
How corrupted are scientific research funding organizations?
Do you think that all scientific investigation should be directed towards producing things with an immediate practical or commercial benefit?
How do you fabricate your research data?
Is it a bad idea to ask for the possibility of a publication immediately when beginning a research position?
Who is your biggest scientific hero and why?
If I am studying to be a neurosurgeon, how might I incorporate an interest in the research into artificial intelligence?
If there is no God, then what is the science behind the amazing brain which controls everything in the body?
What is the difference between applied research and basic research?
I'm a form 3 chemistry student. I have to do a project on 'Scientific testing in Daily Life". What are some of the related chemical tests/reactions?
Can a scientific product be made through intuition?
What are some good civil engineering research topics? How do I go about making a research paper?
Is “advanced” science a hoax? Or not?
Who is the greatest scientist alive?
Does Stephen Wolfram’s book "A New Kind of Science" contain any actual new scientific discoveries?
Who, in your opinion, leads the world in scientific research today: America, Europe or Russia?
Where can I find math articles and researches?
What are some different opportunities in the research pharmacy field?
How does a gemstone work? I mean, is it something scientific?
Does your own experience mirror the research that females make better doctors?
Why has the conservative position become anti-science?
What is the scientific proof that love is stronger than hate?
What are some mind blowing scientific theories and facts?
What is the present trend of research in physics and name some fields?
How do I decide a scientific method for my paper?
What topic should I present in my research subject?
In scientific papers, why do people tend to use complicated and wordy language?
What are the sites where I can get latest science research news?
How do you share research?
What is the difference between conceptual and theoretical frameworks in research studies?
What are the biggest turnarounds in scientific consensus in the last 50 years?
What do researchers think of other researchers who practice publishing multiple versions of an original research paper with around 30% difference?
What criteria should be used for judging research findings (regardless of methodology)?
Are there scientific questions that are not worth studying?
Do anthropologists for ALL scientific communities exist?
What scientific journal/magazine do you recommend? And why?
What is life like for a research scientist at Google?
Why are the scientific contributions of Muslims ignored in our schools and colleges?
What are some interesting research topics in pharmacology for final year student? Please read details.
I have recently completed my post graduation in commerce. How can I get a research paper published?
What is the meaning of scientific evidence?
How important are statistics in scientific experiments?
Are peer-reviewed scientific journals more reliable than non-peer reviewed ones?
Do you know a major reason scientific method and religious teaching can't agree?
In what sense is ‘disagreement’ a crucial part of scientific thinking?
How are the post doc positions in VLSI research area?
Is there a citation metric that weighs a researcher's publication record fractionally in proportion to the number of co-authors?
How should we handle a professor who is holding our research work from getting published for more than two years?
What containers used for textile testing laboratory?
How do I connect to a research group that is active in your research area?
Why does the west get the credit of scientific discoveries when most of it was mentioned in the ancient Indian scripts?
Is there such a thing as certainty of uncertainty? Are there questions we can be absolutely certain to never have answers to?
How credible is The Economist's science writing?
Can meditation improve my performance in scientific research?
Do you think people could time travel? How can it be?
If you wanted to conduct research independently with no university affiliation, what would the process be like and how would ethics work?
Would you support an authoritarian government who is making leaps and bounds in beneficial scientific research and has a successful space agency?
Where can I download creative scientific research poster templates for PPT or Publisher?
What's the best way for a biotechnology startup team to access scientific articles?
How do I begin my successful scientific reseach?
Are there any academic disciplines that are finished in their research? As, in, people have completed all research and there is nothing left to do?
How many scientific papers did Richard Feynman authored in his entire life?
Have you ever been part of a scientific study or participated (as a subject) in scientific research? If so, what motivated you to do so?
What are the hindrances of invention of specific medication for common viral diseases like measles, mumps, etc.?
Where are the laws of physics kept?
Is there any actual benefit to having research experience on a university transcript?
Can Researcher trust online research panel data?
What are some examples of very large labs with a single principal investigator?
There have been many Indian inventions that were forgotten about over time. Which career do the people who research these inventions and expose the truth, have?
What was your experience applying to top-tier graduate schools in the United States as an international student?
What is the best way to set up a most efficient biotech lab?
How do you get your supervisor to publish your papers quicker?
What is the difference between MedLine and PubMed?
Where did the scientific method come from?
Why should I care about research if I don't want to do research in my career?
Is there no scientific field that researches the nature of subjective experiences?
How do l summarize a scientific article?
What is the difference between empirical and conceptual research?
Why would you want to use AI to eliminate human error in research while a lot of scientific discovery came about as an accident?
How much you are getting paid for working as researcher in India?
Should I aim for a graduate degree in medicinal chemistry, pharmacology, or biotechnology?
Is there software that will read scientific journals to me?
What are some of the best packages for drawing images to be used in technical papers?
Which PhD fields out of aesthetics of science/technology/sound/or perform. arts could a political theory MA/electronic musician get into?
Does the Agricultural Research Service gag order mean researchers now cannot publish in Scientific journals?
Is medical research inefficient? If so, how can it be made more efficient?
How can I map academic citations to compare impact different universities or cities have in a research field?
If aliens were to invade, and you thought you were dreaming, how long would it take for you to realize it was reality?
What is the purpose of the scientific method in psychology?
What methods could be used by psychologists to better understand why smart people reject scientific thinking?
Are scientific discoveries responsible for fate of environment?
How is a report of some new discovery like scientific papers written?
How can I grow in career as a research leader?
What are some amazing scientific facts of everyday life?
Can ferromagnetic materials be used to create non rare earth metal magnets?
Is science about trial and error and research until you finally understand?
Is the IISc worth all the hard work?
Which scientific field has the highest or lowest concentration of atheists?
Can sting theory be proven?
What do I need to study to be successful as a Physicist?
How likely is it that a majority of what we know as scientific fact is actually false?
Who was the Japanese actress that offered to mate with Oliver the chimp for the purposes of scientific research, and whatever happened to her?
What should Facebook do to encourage more research partnerships with universities, and to get more out of them?
How can I get involved in a research group as an undergraduate?
Should I upload my research into MIT's research portfolio if my research had a null result?
What is size of mould to be used if we want to use dynamic cone penetrometer in laboratory?
Why MRT (Magnetic resonance tomography) is so big? Why scientific don't do it smaller?
What are the standard research paper in web mining?
It’s enough for me that some way to solve a problem; I don’t care why it works. Will this mindset help me in a research career?
Why do people feel the need to use the term "we" when talking about scientific discoveries?
What scientific proof of Adam as the first human ever lived?
How can an undergraduate mechanical engineering student start doing his first scientific research paper?
What are some of the ongoing research projects on Rheumatoid Arthiritis?
Does a peer reviewed article have to be original research or can an author use secondary sources?
How long does it take to develop a scientific theory from scratch? Where can you find some examples?
Is there a person known for their big company and their scientific research?
How long does it typically take for Nature Communications to consider new submissions?
How do you prevent far red bleed-through when splitting channels?
What are the five steps of scientific method and what function do they have?
How do the Aquinas' Five Ways hold up with modern scientific understanding?
How do professors in lower ranked universities manage to do research in areas that require heavy funding?
Why are negative results in science disastrous for scientists?
Who does better research- academicians or industries?
Which were some major programming breakthroughs of 2016?
Is it possible to crowdfund academic science research?
I am a Master’s research student interested in doing research in an IoT related field. What are some possible areas which I can pursue for my research thesis?
Do researchers share the code that they used in their paper?
How can you come up with your own trading algorithm and create a trading system for yourself?
What are some good examples for recent achievements in the fields of Bioinformatics and Computational Biology?
How do you know what source of scientific studies to trust?
Is there a listing of all university run laboratories, like JPL, Lincoln Laboratories, and GTRI?
What is your opinion of Robert Epstein's article where he claims "Your brain does not process information, retrieve knowledge or store memories"?
Why are stars and planets spherical instead of having other shapes?
How can you explain the Magician Dynamo in scientific terms?
What are the most exciting/promising research topics in biology?
As a high school student, I want to do scientific research + be a surgeon, and I'm at the hospital daily 7am-8am. How can I take advantage of this?
How can one travel 30 years in the past with our current technology?
How can I best use my summer vacation to build my knowledge and work towards future goals?
Are all scientific hypothesis based on previous facts and observations? What are some examples when they were not and a successful theory emerged?
What is recent research in physics?
Would there be any instance where "twitch does scientific research" works?
Are there disadvantages to doing science (particularly in academia) in the USA as a foreign citizen?
What is it like to be part of a scientific study/experiment as a subject?
What are some good video games (of any genre) set in research facility, laboratory, university etc.?
Is falsifiability intended to apply only to scientific theories and hypotheses, and not to all scientific statements and questions?
Is there any kind of scientific study on the nature of "infinity/geometric night terrors"?
Is the Godel's incompleteness theorem bullshit? Or should scientists just give up?
How do scientists resist the urges to venture outside of their perspective fields?
Should I get a PhD in computational biology if I am going to have a real impact in finding a cure for cancer?
Which parts of the Qur'an inspires you the most to do some scientific researches?
Is it true that Godel's incompleteness theory defeats science?
Which scientific theories that were strongly accepted originally and later proven wrong were most surprising to be so?
Is there any digital record of the crazy feeling of "finally becoming scientific discoverer"?
What problems in the field of science would you like to see solved in the next twenty-five years?
Is peer-review used to suppress scientific findings?
What does a scientific research say about ginseng boosting your libido?
What are the best fields of research in Electronics and Communication?
What would you choose: be a leader of a nationwide scientific team or attend as a trainee in an international research (climate change modelling)?
Is it conceivable that one day, all the possible research will have been completed, rendering science obsolete?
What kind of research work is done in iisc?
How do I find funding for hiring scientists and researchers for AI and space colonization ideas?
At the TIFR, what were the topics in which the research was carried out in the biology division?
Can a regular individual publish a scientific study?
Can I use shells bought off eBay for a scientific experiment or do I have to personally collect them somehow?
What is a decent scientific question?
How much does experimentation and lab work play a part in making a theoretical physics research paper?
Is the any scientific research on the benefits of using the Pterodon emarginatus seed?
How do I carry out market research in person?
What lab equipment is used for testing biomarkers (like wellnessfx)?
What is the ideal time length of an in-person survey interview?
What are some low-hanging fruits in cognitive science research?
What's the most important ability in doing biology research?
What can be gained from attending a high school science research program?
What are some of the most intriguing counter intuitive scientific principles?
What are the best websites to get Scientific researches from?
What kind of research work is done in ISI?
By going into IISC, can I achieve my own dream research project?
What font size should be used in research paper?
What is the cut-off mark for agriculture research scientist 2015 in agronomy?
What are some major scientific theories that were once believed, and then later disproved?
How often do researchers from ResearchGate give access to their research?
How can someone with ADD become a research scientist, if their illness impedes their writing skills?
What is the most promising medical research right now?
What if every scientific experiment's result and every implementation of it was just a very extremely low anomaly?
What would you do if you wake up with sublime brilliance that leaves the entire academic community in thrall?
Was the world actually physically different before about 1500 CE? Was this not the “Age of Discovery”, but actually the time after a Mandela Effect?
How can I contribute to scientific research as a teenager?
What are some theoretical particle physics research topics that are suitable for undergraduates?
What is the most fascinating scientific experiment you have ever heard?
How do you find peer reviews of scientific papers?
What is the scientific proof of the Macroevolution theory?
What are the best ways that ordinary people can contribute to the scientific community?
What are you currently researching as a pure mathematics researcher?
What do economists and the scientific community think about Andrew Lo's adaptive market hypothesis?
What can an undergrad do to prepare for graduate school in Computational Biology?
To what degree is medical research coordinated in the U.S. in order to reach some end-goal in a cost and time efficient manner?
What are the solid ways to start research in computational social science? Any particular MOOCs/papers?
What have you learned from doing research?
What are the research going on high voltage electrical engineering?
What bioinformatic tools are urgently needed?
Is egoscue proven scientifically?
What are some viable alternatives to peer review in academic publishing?
Where did you learn about the scientific method?
Is it all right to cite conference posters in a research paper?
It is difficult to see the future, but is it advisable for a researcher to change and work in a wide array of fields (albeit thinly connected)?
How does one gain acceptance into a laboratory and/or research setting after completing an undergraduate degree but with no prior experience?
Is post doc research available for an international relations branch after a PhD?
Why the results of observation and measurement in scientific experiments can have different explanation?
Is it possible to do research in Biology and also be rich?
I am a student pursuing undergraduate technical degree and also doing research in physics parallels, so how can I get funding for my physics research?
What are some open questions / open problems about the interstellar & intergalactic mediums?
If I want to do research on biomedicine, which institutions are the best places?
What are some areas of research for STS ICMR in PSM?
Did scientists (100 years ago) leave the generation of the 2000′s any messages?
What kind of research papers are to be submitted to do MS in popular universities?
What is post doctoral research?
How is the scientific analysis of the term luck?
How do I effectively follow scientific presentations?
When a mathematical proof related to physics research is published and rented out to scientists, does any of the money go to the initial researcher?
What are the most interesting physics problems still to be answered? Is there anything outside of the field of quantum research?
Have you ever retracted your paper? How does it feel and what are the implications?
Suppose a machine was invented by a scientist, can he do something to stop other scientists from using it?
How does one secure funding for doctoral research?
What is the difference between a conclusion and a conclusion of research?
Where can I find funding for hiring scientists and researchers for far fetched future technology ideas?
What is the structure of the publishing industry (scientific journals)? What is the future of a content editor in the publishing industry (scientific journals)?
Is it ethically wrong to manipulate statistics?
What’s the best way to mix the Bullet Journal with the Five Minute Journal?
Where can I get scientific help?
What is the best source for journal about research methodology & scientific writing?
What percentage of money given to scientific funding is wasted?
What does "loading" mean in scientific models?
What are the 7 steps of the scientific method and what function do they have?
Do History of Mac Os X taken from wiki needs to be cited as I think it comes under common knowledge?
What kind of private projects can be done in Computational Biology or bioinformatics which can be done small scale?
How can I get involved in a research group?
What are some examples in which discoveries from neuroscience can have potential impact in the area of robotics?
What are the common criteria for accepting a new 'truth' in the scientific community?
Do scientists think that aliens and UFOs are real? Or do they still think these reports, sightings, and ideas are all just big jokes?
Where can I buy a research project in Bangalore?
Does smell physics exist?
Which was the first incident of a confirmed scientific plagiarism?
What are some research topics in fields of mathematics and physics that are suitable to undergraduates?
Have any scientists/engineers died mysteriously after making an amazing discovery/invention?
Does war increase scientific research funding in areas such as Aerospace Engineering?
What are scientific notions?
What is the one scientific idea you wish you understood far better and what might this understanding bring you?
How can I conduct research which qualifies as academic without being linked to any academic institution?
How will you promote scientific honesty and ethics in your everyday endeavors?
What is the difference between scientific fact and theory?
Is there a recommended internet platform for scientific papers?
Which test do I use to study the effect of one (independent) variable on a (dependent) variable?
How would a Zerg invasion on modern earth play out?
What are physicists doing about the Mandela Effect?
How can one say they have a "scientific mind"?
What are the ways to do research in any field?
In pursuing career as scientist, what is the best approach: jack of all trades or master of one?
Was there scientific research made on Carlos Castaneda's tensegrity?
What is the scientific word for thief?
What is simple dichotomy in research methodology?
Is it worth studying engineering for the money, if you're ultimately interested in scientific research (biology)?
Where can I find funding for hiring scientists and researchers for far-fetched future AI ideas?
Are you satisfied with Open Government Platform (OGPL) from the government of India - data for scientific analysis.
Can I submit my research paper directly to universities without any recommendation letter reference about the research?
What is the best way to do research?
Can you prove the difference using engineering design vs scientific method any story or event happened in history?
Why were glial cells not properly studied in the study of neuroscience?
Why do scientists claim to be so intelligent, when they don't even know how splashes or smells work, much less existence?
What would be the best way to know about scientific research and articles that are published in non-English languages?
How can Google Scholar help me to judge a researcher's profile? (see the question details please)
What is CDAC research and development?
Has socialised education coincided with scientific progress?
How can an undergraduate do research on interpretations of quantum mechanics?
What are top 5 scientific discoveries made by industry employees?
Are practises in Indian religions purely scientific?
Will California become the "Silicon Valley" for cannabis health research in the next 2–5 years?
What is the current research development on magnets and ferroelectric metals? Why are they important?
How do you ensure internalised beliefs don't get in the way of unbiased scientific inquiry?
How different can the research area in postdoctoral be from your PhD topic?
Can you present only your work in an academic poster of a research study?
How can I do independent research on theoretical particle physics as an undergraduate?
Are there any independent organizations that conduct scientific research on various cosmetics/beauty products to compare their effectiveness?
What do medical researchers do?
What kind of mysteries in neuroscience attract you?
At the TIFR, what were some of the topics on which research has successfully been carried out, in the biology division?
What are some project ideas on Scientific Computing?
If there is any truth to the claims about the Vedas containing advanced scientific knowledge, has the Indian government taken any measures to bring this to light?
Can a high school students with excellent research paper get into top colleges?
Have any prominent scientists ever been locked up?
Which one is most preferable journal bulletin for civilengineering research?
Do we have the research and technology to make lab-grown human beings?
What is observation in scientific method?
What are some examples of current scientific theories that disagree with each other?
What are biologists, mathematicians, physicists, astronomers, scientists, and cartographers doing about this new proof of Allah/God?
Why is there so much jealousy between coworkers in scientific research?
How can scientific notions be useful?
I have done masters in pharmaceutical chemistry am interested in research how can I get in to research?
What kind of research is the ICT lab expecting to perform?
Is it all right for a research assistant who did data collection only to be included as one of the authors in a research paper?
Which journals publish research articles on Indian history?
What are the applications of ferromagnetic materials research?
Can somebodysuggest me a school where I can study and get a very good environment of scientific research and get a good platform for that in India?
How should I decide the area of my research during MS/PhD?
How can I fund my physics research?
How can a researcher from Russia get hired as a post-doc at a European or US research center?
How is the “science” of today’s climate change deniers like the tobacco company “science” that denied cigarette smoking caused lung cancer?
How do I go in the field of making and researching on drugs or medicines?
What happens exactly at an ICT research lab?
How is a moonshot different than any other scientific or technological research project?
Is research that doesn't improve on state of the art worth publishing?
From where can I get the previous year’s papers for Tata Memorial Hospital for an MSc in Clinical Research?
Which is the best job in scientific research field in India, that also brings the highest social status?
What are the latest scientific findings on the idea that nerve impulses are sound waves rather than electrical impulses?
If out-of-body experiences (OBE), astral travelling, and Akashic records are real, how can it be that there is no scientific evidence supporting them?
What is the best city in the world to be a scientist/researcher?
Apart from deep sea, what areas on Earth have yet to be researched scientifically?
How do scientists research human brain given that they can't do everything they need to with a live person?
How can I get a job at a university lab as a college dropout?
Will science research funding be affected under the Trump administration?
What are the ways politicians and bureaucrats use to slow India's scientific research?
What are the best scientific journals for fringe theories?
Can I opt for different research field than my M.Tech topic?
What is a good scientific research topic for an inspired 17 year old?
How is research done?
Are there scientific organization/institution which works in the field of researching monks, meditation technique and similar fields?
Why is Moscow still sacrificing scientific research and innovation for state security and defense?
What's the best scientific journal to publish for solar system studies and a new theory terrestrial planetary formation?
What are the things I must know after starting my P.HD?
Do you think researchers commit fraud (grant funding, publications, etc.) due to poor conditions or due to personal characteristics?
What is the difference between a research scientist and an applied scientist at Amazon?
How do I find top journals in my research area?
Does Msc theoretical science come under arts and science at PSG?
Is it impossible to make a significant contribution without first being strongly influenced by past achievements within that field?
What description do scientific models give about light?
What is it like to be a research scientist at Google?
If it's not a God/deities, and if it’s not out of nothingness all of a sudden, then what did cause the Big Bang?
What is an example of a scientific examination of a popular belief?
How can I develop my research question?
As independent researcher, is there a site where you can discuss your research like having an advisor?
Where can I find the new research or development done in the field of heating and cooling of transformer?
What are some interesting scientific applications of LSTM other than NLP?
What is the most interesting and significant scientific experiment from your field?
Imagine that the USA's "chimera" project (human organs in pigs) goes fully forward. About how long might it take for us to have usable human organs?
If one stripped every scientist of a PhD and every engineer of their BSE, would they cease to be a scientist and engineer, respectively?
In your opinion, what would lead to a better outcome for humanity: more research towards creating designer babies or more "mixed" children?
What are some examples of scientific management?
What is your experience with jealousy in research? Could you share anecdotes?
How does a career in research neuroscience fare?
Can you tell me some biochemistry lab quality control related study for research article publication?
What are the current scientific issues faced by scientists?
Are there universities which are exceptionally 'good' in some aspects but don't fare well in the mainstream league tables?
What are some scientific questions that are not yet fully understood?
Why would a research scientist give up his job to be a doctor?
What are some tips on writing a cover letter for a research assistant position?
What Wiki platforms are helpful for an academic physics research group?
Why is ethics in research important?
Is it possible for a person to found a new field of study today?
What do we mean by process review in scientific research?
If I quote parts of a research paper, do I have to mention all 10 of the researchers involved in the study?
Can you scientifically prove Hanukah?
In your opinion, what is more important: research towards curing aging or towards colonizing Mars?
Is it normal for me, as a recent PhD, to think of everything I hear/read as BS when I don't see any empirical proof behind that stuff?
How can the scientific method be used in economics?
Is there a scientific way one can enlarge their dick?
How do I plan to research on a theory as a college undergraduate?
Do scientists believe the single big bang or the multiple (series of) big bangs?
What is the right stance towards the values that might be involved in a social science research project?
Are there studies stating cannabis improves learning?
What would happen if a fossil were discovered on Mars?
Are scientists ONLY curious about whether an idea works or not, or are they excited about it and so want to prove it?
What are some scientific developments that disprove evolution?
What do you do when a professor asks to be put in as a co-auhor in a manuscript without contributing to the manuscript or the research?
What are geologists, cartographers physicists, scientists, and geographers doing about this new proof of the Mandela Effect?
What happens when research does not yield the desired results? Are data squeezed so as to provide one?
What are the best sources for academic researchers to obtain social media data?
Why are psychiatric conditions and treatments not understood from a biological perspective? What is being researched and how?
How demanding is a scientific researcher work?
What do we mean by international research journal?
Why don't professors publish research independently of their students?
What research method can be used to give scientific definition of any term or process?
Can a person of average intelligence make a scientific breakthrough?
Is there a Quora-like site for scientific researchers?
What research has been conducted on women returning from combat zones and their effect on pregnancies and offspring?
What is the 'end' goal in trying to improve AI? Why is it important to people and what is the ultimate achievement?
Is research a meritocracy where the best research gets funded? Do you have any anecdotes to share?
Is physics a good major to get into nuclear energy research?
Are the discoveries about our ancient ancestry made by Randall Carlson and Graham Hancock taken seriously by the scientific community?
How far is China ahead of the U.S. in Fusion Research?
What does logic research entail?
If atheists are so "scientific" then why were most scientific fields founded by believers in a creator?
How do I find the research gap in journal articles (international politics)?
How much money does India need for it's scientific research to be at par with US?
How would you preserve knowledge (scientific and other) for 1000 years or more?
What are the best scientific advancement that went mostly unnoticed in 2016?
As a computer programmer how can I contribute to cancer research?
What does our brain do with the audible sounds around us while we are asleep?
Do medical researchers or their institutions lie or exaggerate in press releases, in order to secure funding for further research?
What was a truly astonishing scientific discovery?
If I can scientifically prove that gayness is a psychiatric disorder, will I be awarded the Nobel Prize?
What are the general moods about multiverse theory in scientific community?
What are some folk wisdom that are actually scientific?
Which research projects exclusively require medicine specialists as researchers?
What are the main research directions in The Netherlands?
Is it bad to not approach the maximum word or page limit of a statement of purpose?
Are there centers / scientific journals that pay independent researchers for the results in pure mathematics?
Should I apply to a summer research program for high school students if I already have lab access from personally emailing?
How can I be involved in some advanced scientific research?
Is there any scientific proof of the existence of any diety?
Can a dead ended research be a PhD dissertation?
While being interviewed for a postdoc position, is it ok to reveal that you might not stay in academia later on or will it affect the chances of getting in?
Is it essential to have a basic knowledge of bioinformatics for someone who is willing to work as a scientific researcher in the field of genetics?
What are some of the more recent interesting scientific breakthroughs that have received little attention on the media?
What portion of their budget do top research universities spend on software licenses?
How can I be updated on the most recent scientific publications (life sciences)?
How do research breakthroughs occur?
Can an undergraduate student submit a science journal article without any professor?
Who is behind the most funding of helium3 research?
Science was wrong before. How do we know scientists are right when they say that that's okay?
As a first-time co-author on a scientific paper, is it preferable to have my full middle name or leave it as an initial?
Is there a need for a change in the way things are done in the current academia and research?
What are some cases where it would be wise to use binomial model of mortality as opposed to the poisson model of mortality?
Are there more alternate and supplementary sources of basic biomedical research funding in the United States compared to Canada?
What are the main research directions in Japan?
Is a scientific research (e.g. in physics, maths) faster developing than it did 30 years ago? If yes, why?
How do you submit a scientific journal to a university?
What is it like to be a research fellow/PhD student at iisc?
How much progress has been made in brain research since 2000?
What is the biggest scientific concept, in the modern world, that achieved consensus among scientists only to be disproved later?
What are some examples where scientists contributed greatly to a field of discovery despite adamantly being against the implications of that field?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever seen/read on a scientific paper?
How do I write a research paper with the help of Python Fiction Generator?
Is there any good research on the effects of partial breast-feeding of babies?
What is the one contribution you are proud of as a researcher in your field?
What is one scientific idea you wish everyone would understand, and why?
Will channel modelling be a research area in wireless communications?
What are some interesting scientific advancements we made during 2016?
Has astrology been scientifically tested?
Is it useless to publish research papers without having a PhD or without being enrolled in one?
How is a research paper written by a BPharm student?
What websites could I find funding for AI infinite energy and physical matter generator idea to hire scientists and researchers?
What are some simple and good topics for research in hospital's pathalogy lab for genetics student?
What fields of PhD are there for electronic and communication engineering graduate?
Who should be first author in an academic paper, the one writing the paper (supervising the research) or the one performing the research and experiment?
What is doing research in STEM fields all about?
Which laboratories conduct empirical research?
How accurate are recent studies on brain tests on toddlers being able to identify future criminals?
Are there any undergraduate engineering/physics research opportunities in Turkey?
What have people learnt about networking in the science research industry?
What inventions changed the world the fastest?
Is doing scientific research aided by artificial intelligence less interesting?
Is it possible to reduce all mathematics to computation theory?
What will you suggest to a sophomore who is interested in going for research?
Does SCC supports large lab activities?
What are the current problems of physics and theoretical physics?
Is it true that burning biofuels emit more CO2 than the CO2 used by plants to make them?
What are some project that world scientist trying to discover?
What are the different research area in regression testing?
Which countries have spent the most money funding biotechnology research?
Is it true that most newly commercialised technologies have undergone thorough academic research in the past?
What strategy or study plan do you have for covering existing work in a specific area of research?
Is there a scientific proof that the Bible is real?
How can I add references with hyperlinks using Mendeley in Word?
How does the approach of an archaeological excavation compare to that of a scientific experiment?
What is the most groundbreaking finding in cancer research so far?
How can I find a contributing author for an undergraduate research paper in chemical engineering?
At what point do the cons of scientific application outweigh the pros of the search for scientific understanding? Are humans nearing that point?
What are the steps that might be necessary to learn from scientific papers?
What is the procedure to pursue Astro & Theoretical physics and higher level mathematics in India?
What is the difference between order effect and sequence effect?
Are there any undeveloped areas of mathematics that are accessible to an undergraduate for both understanding and research?
How do the ideas in Peter Thiel's book "Zero to One" apply to scientific research?
What exactly do the CLD and CHD students do in their research?
What are some undeniable scientific studies that prove climate change is legitimate and concerning?
Could space be relative? Meaning, no matter how close we are to the edge of the universe, it will always remain at a distance?
Why should a researcher report his findings?
What is the most effective way for researchers to make a survey about one research topic?
How would you make something a powerhouse in the scientific community?
What's the honest truth about a formally uneducated person attempting to get a scientific paper published?
I'm looking for scientific research about selling in-house developed technologies/innovation to competing companies. Who can help?
Why can math predict physics and new scientific discoveries, and what are the philosophical consequences of this?
How scientific researches are made in terms of numbers or formulas? What are the base concept or ideas that comes in their mind at first?
Is psychotherapy scientifically validated and how?
Does this article about China prove that the EM drive works? Or is the article a hoax?
Are ther any Nobel prize winning discoveries or inventions or scientific theories that later proved wrong?
What do we mean by Specialized journal in research?
What are some good, biology-related research careers?
What are the benefits of attending an institution where a renowned professor conducts research?
What is the scientific steps of remembering?
Is there a thing like open source multidisciplinary research in science?
Why and how did Aryabhata describe a heliocentric model of the solar system?
Which are the finest research labs in India?
What are some recent developments, researches, discoveries and inventions that will affect evolution?
What are the most interesting scientific findings in topology?
I want to conduct a research study at an English center. What documents should I send to them to ask for their permission?
Where can I learn about nanotechnology?
What sort of scientific research can Harvard do with its wealth that the UK couldn't do?
How can I publish my research which is about the effectiveness of a teaching activity? It is a full research with 5 chapters (7000+ words)
Is it scientifically correct to use Gomutra (Cow Urine) as "medicine" or is it a superstition?
What is the latest research going on in physics?
What are the differences in research methods between complexity science and the classical scientific method?
Is the inventor or discoverer of a technology an expert in that technology and the field of that technology?
For the scientific method, in principle what is the difference between a thought experiment, and a computer simulation?
How can a lot of scientists deny the existence of metaphysical beings and aliens without having the scientific evidence to support that?
What can be the claims of how do scientists uses language and logic to justify their findings?
Have you written any paper without copying?
What are some video games set in scientific laboratories?
I am a research scholar at one of the IIT. I want to publish my research work as a book. Where & How should I publish it in India or abroad?
What is the probability of extraterrestrials intelligence travelling the Galaxy now?
Who is the most prominent researcher to study human vision system?
When will the EM drive be disproved?
Have there been any serious scientific studies of using music for concentration?
Why are some people angry about the use of lab rats as test subjects in medical research?
How do I get into scientific writing?
What can I do if people rediscover my work but don’t cite me though they partly know me?
What is the difference Between tools and techniques in research?
What project(s) does Ray Kurzweil run at Google?
Will Google’s Zero-Shot Translation research paper help other companies to significantly improve their own neural translation services?
What can researchers do to progress when reaching a plateau in their work?
What is direct research? What are the steps of research writing?
What kind of research careers can be done while circumnavigating?
What areas in science are the most unknown?
Is the denial of human free will scientifically falsifiable?
How an independent researcher get funding in India?
Is there a study of change?
How should I approach research about the name-letter effect?
Should I include my supervisor's name as a co-author if he gives zero contribution in my research paper?
What is the nature of the subject matter of social science research?
How do I review a article and then summarize the patient population, as well as, the safety and performance outcomes?
Does research leads to development or can development leads to research?
What are some examples of scientific investigations regarding history subjects?
What is the definition of scale development?
What are some examples of theoretical approaches?
I'm new in the field of research. Which research topic should I take in the field of software engineering?
Is the Mandela Effect a patch on the computerworld?
How do researchers take care of rats they experiment upon?
Where can I get a research article written by English Native Speaker?
What is the importance of ramanujan's work in the present scientific world?
What kind of research do you hope to find more findings in?
What is the best scientific paper library application?
The preferred ways to do automatic writing are for science or for story with creativity as the focus?
What if scientific theories and principles aren't correct?
What is the current scientific thinking on introspection as a means to acquire some reliable knowledge?
What are the latest research in phytoremedition?
Should scientific papers present how they arrived at their results?
Is it all right for a researcher to decline revising a manuscript after receiving a request to revise?
Why does the Medical Council of India have guidelines on the number of publications for professorships?
How do I find out the page range of a journal article?
How do I keep up with technologies being developed by researchers?
How can I decide my research area in MSCS?
What are other types of links between ideas than a causal link?
Is recent research on the cleansing of scenecent cells in mice as relevant as it seems?
Why is technology for extending life taking long?
I am a social sciences researcher who sometimes also works as an independent researcher/consultant. Should I get a Professional Liability insurance?
How do you know when you are ready for research?
Where can I find real observations of scientific surveys? (neuroscience)?
What are the simplest scientific model and the simplest non-scientific model?
What are the possible types of content of Theoretical Physics research papers?
To what extent can sociolinguistics represent an epistemological rupture in the scientific study of language?
Has there been any instance of a PhD advisor doing all he/she can to break the career of his graduate student?
If third world countries were modernized to first world countries, what type of effect would this have on the acceleration of scientific research?
If I write a scientific paper as part of a project in a company, does it count as research?
Was there a major Mandela Effect 25 November 2016?
What are some very old scientific ideas that are worth revisiting to possibly get new technological understanding?
What was/is the most pointless/useless discovery in Science?
How can I become better at scientific computing?
I am planning to do a master thesis in social science methodology. Why is everyone saying that methodology is hard to comprehend?
If it's possible, where could I view the documents for the Spontaneous Remission Project?
Which national laboratories are most desperate for computer engineers with TS/SCI clearances?
Will new discoveries make humanity have to rewrite the science model?
Do researchers with small research networks generally produce less publications than their peers with bigger networks?
Has there been a decline in the number of scientific discoveries/advancements in the recent years?
Does the Mandela Effect disrupt the scientific method?
Is there an app that lets you see studies in the latest research?
Where can I find some significant research work on magnetorheological elastomers?
What are the most interesting/exciting careers or areas in or relating to neuroscience?
By not making your ResearchGate profile public, will you get less viewership as recorded by ResearchGate?
Is there any evidence about a recent acceleration of scientific advancements?
How do I write a good scientific writeup for applying in research institutes?
Are scientists currently researching depression? What are they looking for?
What's the best scientific evidence out there that suggests people are inherently and substantially different?
What is the latest & most interesting research work being done in concrete materials?
I am interested in your research process for tools for titans, since its a fact book, mostly requoting, how did you sort you research?
Scientifically, what do we not know? What are the frontiers?
Is it alright to use a better part of one REVIEW article in one chapter of my literature review for my master's thesis?
Why aren't we immortal inspite of scientific advancement?
Will humans defend what they believe in more than what they understand?
Are Christians ever offended by scientific discoveries?
Should science use more detailed definitions?
What are the main uses for scientific models?
What is the consensus from the scientific and psychological community on whether free will exists?
If scientists make some extraordinary discoveries, is it possible that they can withhold the secrets?
When hiring new faculty members, does the candidate with the longer CV and publication list always win out?
What are the research ideas to continue as a physics undergraduate?
What sort of dedication does it take to be a part of research and development?
Should I be offended when I hear that geology isn't science?
Is it possible for me to hire a scientist or any available research centers teaching individuals on science, unlike the normal education stream?
What are the best, and the worst things about IITB teachers?
How can I prepare to make career in scientific research sector?
What would you name this closure?
What is gentic research?
What are justifiable reason for the observation when aged person die slow natural death?
When science makes an advance do the scientists get rich also, or is just the limit of not having the creative mind to have considered the idea first?
Why do some people you call friends seem to be in competition with you when you're not in competition with them?
Are Antarctic stations all hoaxes?
How do you know if research is original?
As a high school student, is it possible to do scientific research for science competitions on your own?
What's the best books for learning research?
Where can I find some problems to start research in artificial general intelligence?
Why is it better to research than to have opinions?
How can the experimental method of research be described?
Are there any relatively new scientific advancements that are a little scary to consider?
What are somethings which are still not deciphered in the whole world?
What is your research process?
What are the limitations associated with fluorescence microscopy?
How might an undergraduate obtain funding for a research abroad?
What do medical research technician do for their nation or country?
What are some true scientific celebrities?
What's the current state of death date calculations / research?
How do you deal with job and research application rejections?
How will a secretive non-profit private research institution which boosts humanity’s knowledge by thousands of years every year be received?
What are the current scientific opinions on homosexuality? Have there been any developments in regards to the nature vs. nurture debate?
What are interesting lab experiments to do with EDTA?
Why should we believe in all the scientific knowledge discovered till date?
Under what circumstances, if any, can y=x be a valid scientific model?
If a PhD student has more second-author papers than first-author papers, will the former be considered to be on par with the latter?
What was Needham's scientific method?
Are there any template tools for writing academic or scientific papers?
In scientific research, what is a growing/emerging discipline?
What do you need to make a model (non-scientific model)?
Has the concept of "chi" been verified by scientific methodology?
Where can I find sources for a research term paper?
Why is it important to research epistasis?
NUS and NTU produce thousands of Honors theses per year, but why is it that only a small number gets converted into journal publications?
Is there an online tool that can rank a set of academic / scientific publications based on their number of citations?
Is it ok to submit Master of Engineering (by Research) thesis without any conference/journal paper?
Is it normal for professors to fire their undergraduate research assistants? (It was in physics research at an undergraduate only institution)
Where can I have access to articles on florist by native English speakers?
How logical is it to pursue independent research and publish than joining an academic setting?
What does it mean to do a research at an undergraduate level?
How much does it cost to hire a contract research firm in India to study the absorption of a supplement?
Do I need to take permission from the research journal before writing a news (for my website) on a recent breakthrough published on that journal?
What is the difference between implicit and explicit measures in psychology?
Can mutation and isomerism be seen as two parallel but same scientific phenomena?
Can art be scientific?
Why aren't more scientists researching the hypothesis that Devils Tower, among other formations on the planet, are actually ancient tree stumps?
Why is research scientific?
What is theoretical literature?
What are the biggest researches going on in chemistry?
How can I access neuroscience research data being a starter?
How do I search & get a post doc position in the field of scientific computing when my research & papers are in the field of simulation & modeling?
What is holding back scientific progress and innovation today?
How long does it usually take for a PhD student to revise a manuscript for reconsideration of publication?
Why is the Reliance Foundation Hurkisondas hospital remaining empty even with world class facilities?
How do we know that all scientific data are scientific?
Why do some theories exist while it's impossible to happen in reality?
What good does a declaration of conflict of interest bring to the researcher when submitting research manuscripts?
To what extent has the internet affected scientific thought and research?
What kind of research is currently essential for the advancement of our species?
Are there any mathematical tasks in the field artificial intelligence?
What is the best CCNP R&S lab setup?
What are some online or general research projects an undergraduate in science can participate in Canada?
Can you suggest me some good topics for welfare or behaviour economics research paper?
What are some weird scientific discoveries?
How can a master student in statistics read and understand a scientific paper?
How can I apply for undergraduate research in the UK?
What are the necessary components of a scientific model?
What are some interesting findings from the Stanford Mind-Body Lab?
Is MATLAB more popular and useful for research than Python?
What are some main research work done at IISER?
What is the reason that some Scientists do not often cite other scientists even when the work is highly related?
Why are science, research and literature losing their charm in India?
What are some interesting examples of widely accepted scientific facts that were later found to be wrong?
What are the main and most important objectives of social science research?
What are some important characteristics and components of the scientific method?
I have a great idea to meet future energy needs of world, but requires experimentation and validation. What should I do?
How does one carry a research of something?
In the scientific method, what is a control variable and what function does it serve?
How do reviewers at prestigious scientific conferences review papers thoroughly when there are so many submissions?
Why would you study research technician?
How likely is it for the Trump administration to limit federal funding of stem cell research like the Bush administration did?
As a first year undergraduate student, how can I get started in physics academic research?
How do you proceed in writing an abstract or introduction of a scientific paper?
If you could pursue the absolute knowledge of one scientific subfield, which would it be?
How would the discovery of extra dimensions affect the scientific community?
What are some good web tools to visualize references in scientific papers?
What is difference between actual and theoretical discharge?
What are some interesting topics for a lab report?
What are some open problems in chemical graph theory?
How good are doctors in biology and chemistry sciences?
How is the ONERA DCSD department to work?
Are most approaches in AGI research dead-ends?
Do cognitive scientists ever try to research ideas proposed by philosophers who write about philosophy of mind (Massive Modularity, Language etc.)?
What are the priorities in Harvard research agenda?
Lets say a government doesn't care at all about ethics surrounding scientific advancements, what can they now research and how far will they go?
Why all of the scientific knowledge should be published despite the consequences?
What are necessary things to know that'll help one to conduct a PhD level research on APT attack?
What is the ultimate goal of scientific research?
What is the best method to write a scientific report and what mistakes should be avoided while doing so?
How often do scientists discover new things in their field?
What is the social science or psychology research that supports a gratitude practice?
Which medical subjects have promising research opportunities?
IS Passleader CCIE Collaboration Lab dumps are real lab?
What is the difference between a research fellow and a research scientist?
What are some some other scientific breakthroughs that started with government funding? (i.e. moon landing, genome project, internet, Google, etc)
Are there some good open courses for research method in social science?
In general, do paper authors put their supervisors as author, co-author, or supervisor?
Where can I get online information about medical and scientific research?
I believe scientific illiteracy is humankind's greatest threat. How can we move forward when so many don't understand basic scientific principles?
Why is the human soul said to have a weight of 21 grams?
How do scientists track progress of their research projects?
Which conferences do Russian researchers and scientists attend?
When has the scientific method been proven to be wrong?
How long does it take for Electronics For You (EFY) to review your research paper?
Why isn't Aristarchus of Samos given credit for discovering the heliocentric theory when he lived before Copernicus?
How do you form a research idea?
What are some basic Physics projects in theoretical Physics that an undergraduate student can do?
Is it advisable to join a new lab (< 1 year old) as a postdoc, if the university has brand name and the PI has good connections within the field?
How should I start conducting my own research on plasma?
What does the correspondence between Kepler and Galileo reveal about the agents and diffusion of European scientific inquiry?
Is it true that the whole purpose of the scientific research (whale killing) by the Japanese people because they wanted to know if they eat fish?
Does philosophy use the scientific method?
What makes research high impact?
Why aren't Indian universities focusing on publishing papers and encouraging scientific studies?
Currently what are the leading areas of research in economics?
Was the scientific method followed? How? What ethical considerations are important to research?
How do you scientifically measure taste?
Which are the institutes that research on Cryonics?
Which research groups in US/Canada are doing groundbreaking research in Photonics?
What's the purpose of a sham (placebo) lesion?
Is experimental research an empirical study?
How do Rishabh Jain start an undergraduate (electronics) research? Can you do it independently?
Is critical thinking related to the scientific method, or are they separate?
Why is there such low research funding on suicide? Why is it so under-researched?
How can we revolutionize education in order to make possible innovation and discoveries in the next centuries, since knowledge is getting more complex?
What age do revolutionary scientists start discovering new things in science?
Is Trump interested in the longevity research and life extension projects?
What is the best academic synonym for "Expected benefits of X"?
Who are the top women in science today doing ground breaking research?
Why is there a need to develop scientific temper and spirits of injury and reform in the present times?
Where can one publish his researched paper on social topics in India?
What kind of research can psychiatrists do? Can human subjects be involved?
Will Donald Trump end funding for scientific research?
How do I grow microcystis in laboratory?
Should authors in a paper listed as part of a Consortium not include it in their list of Publications and CV?
Scientific laws are discovered, but where do they come from?
What scientific fact do you wish were fiction?
How can I develop a plugin for Mendeley Desktop?
What areas of mental health care and treatment have advanced the most in the last 20 years? What areas need the most additional research & resources?
I'm working on a research coop alongside a neuromolecular biology (Neurogenesis). What are some possible research topics for a research proposal?
Would a scientist make his research public, if it would fuel racism?
Is being outspoken the best way to deal with bureaucracy, fraud, and politics in scientific research?
How important is it to do research as an undergraduate?
I need to focus my research on something worthwhile to the society. Which area would be suitable for a natural product chemist?
Which scientific theory has a great flaw?
Nowadays, is there a good reason for the government to reduce the research funding?
Where can I find award-winning scientific articles in physics, CS, neurology, etc.?
How do you connect with other scientific researchers?
What are some examples of theoretical statements?
How do I get access past research on phonetics?
What is the importance of research design in scientific research?
Is the research in Physics coming to an end?
Has any great scientific discoveries been made while under the influence of drugs?
How do I start with research as a first year engineering undergraduate?
What are some great scientific concepts?
Is the research method described in Innovator's Manifesto valid or influenced by Thurston's prior knowledge of successful companies?
Is it okay to use I, instead of "We" while writing a master's thesis?
What do peer-reviewed studies say about the use of marijuana for medical purposes?
How do I condense my bachelor thesis into an scientific article?
What is a 'Masters by research' course in Australia like? Does it include some coursework or only research?
Can I mention myself as a primary author of a paper if I am not the first author mentioned in the paper?
What do you think is the biggest problem in today's chemistry education?
I can give myself the goosebumps or "chills", on command. What research group would be interested in studying this phenomenon I can perform?
What is one problem that you have encountered that needs to be solved?
What scientific discoveries of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries have had as great impact on society as those of the scientific revolution?
What scientific advancement would have been made if the Axis had won?
Who works on discovering how to grow new limbs or organs nowadays?
If a scientist did a scientific research paper that proves God exists, would it ever get published in a peer reviewed journal?
How will a Trump presidency affect scientific research?
What does the words like research and invention mean solemnly, just calculations and analysis or some real deal with equipments?
Is molecular gene theory scientifically tenable?
If you were to do a research and your theme would be philosophy, how specifically would you do it?
What is the importance of taking science lab classes?
Should children at school be taught how to read scientific research articles?
Are there stories of multi-national research collaborations where contributors don't share their knowledge?
Why do we do research?
Do higher ResearchGate scores essentially indicate greater research capability and publications?
Where can I get money to conduct research?
What are some of the most used scientific methods?
What is some new research that’s being done in the field of physics?
How can I make my research topic more specific?
Do scientists think about their research as a priority and bring it to their sleep?
Who are the best professors in India in the field of solar thermal energy?
I have a Bsc in zoology in Nigeria but am I highly interested in research (cell) how can I become a research lab scientist without a Masters in the US?
What could be a warm up research topic in cognitive science?
How do academia people improve their English?
If the soul-measuring experiment was conducted again with modern equipment, what results would we see?
What are some of the best examples of converting a scientific domain into business for progress in research?
What is your current favorite trending topic in neuropsychiatric research?
What are some highly-esteemed grants for young scientists in Europe?
What kind of questions are asked during an interview for a research staff member position at IBM?
Is the only field that affords pure math research academia?
What is the latest research in modeling intuition from cognitive science perspective?
What is the current state of the psychology\OB research looking at the impact of failure on entrepreneurial performance?
Could the reason for us not seeing aliens be, that a civilization that could get that far kills itself first?
To what extent are systematic reviews of literature considered for postdoctoral funding?
How is Trump's presidency going to impact US research in the humanities and social sciences?
What US universities might be most interested in housing/planning in Iraq for research?
What are some of the slowest experiments that are still ongoing?
When running numerical experiments, how do you keep track of different trials?
How do I start a research club at my high school and what activities would be involved?
Are all scientific concepts testable?
What are some important scientific communities in Texas USA that I can join?
How is observation important in a science research and what are some examples?
What are the tips for scientific writing?
What are the recent developments in the Field of Information?
How do Researchers study how animals use their whiskers to read their environment?
What is the best way to keep updated on research progress?
How do you conduct a second research?
What are supersitions which have scientific proof?
Does Tesla do any of their research on batteries or do they outsource it?
Why should the scientific academic journals be reserved for women?
What are Chemicals restrictions in your country?
What are the ten most interesting/important ongoing science experiments/research?
Can scientific knowledge or theories be doubted?
What is the Science 2.0?
What are the must read technical papers for a student pursuing electronics and communication field?
What is the importance of sampling in research?
Which MSc would you suggest to someone interested in cancer and tuberculosis research with an MD background?
What are the most promising areas in Electronics &instrumentation? How?
Why do people feel it necessary to conduct research studies about simple things that most people already know about?
What are some good research topics for basketball?
How do you document your research flow? What is your research flow management?
Is it common that first year physics grad students do not have much time to do research?
If you had access to an empty concrete 60-foot cube building, what would you use it for?
How do psychologists prove their "scientific" research?
Why did the world move from philosophy to the scientific method?
What are some current articles on psychopathy? I need something for a report other than Hare and Cleckley, so some more recent research would be nice.
Do you need to believe something exists before you can study it? Is belief necessary for the scientific method?
How do you know if you are doing good in your research project?
Are there any disadvantages in becoming a scientist?
What social science research has been successfully replicated?
Why does scientific research take long to complete?
Is there credible, scientific research in the U.S. that challenges or disproves the link between sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) and co-sleeping?
What is the best way to manage reading the new research articles?
What are some of the most helpful research articles (peer reviewed) on death anxiety and religion in a broad range of ages, and religious groups?
What happens if you heat an object so much that its wavelength becomes less than the Planck distance?
Is it ethical to include people who want to die in scientific studies?
Do we still make discoveries?
What should I do if I lose my USB stick with all my lab data?
What are some leading and well known earthquake research institutes/ laboratories for doing PhD?
What are some good topics for Basic Scientific Research in Zoology? (Undergraduate level)?
How should I go about reviewing an economics research article?
What titles can you suggest to inspire a young preteen in the area of science?
Are "gods" really just personifications of nature, rather than magical spirits?
Can one say that Christianity paved the way for scientific advancements?
If you wanted to sabotage scientific research what would you do?
From where does YouTuber Crazy Russian Hacker get the ideas to conduct the informed yet creative scientific experiments at his home?
Is there scientific proof of autism?
What is an easy but effective way to get caught up in scientific literature?
What are major breakthroughs of BRICS summit?
Is the outcome of a scientific trial affected if the subjects know that it's an experiment?
Is there a cutoff to being a postdoctoral research associate?
What are some of the most interesting human experiments ever conducted?
What is the active research area in emotion pattern discovery?
Can you telepathically guess which word I wrote?
What is the best site for independent science research collation?
What is a scientific theory, and how are they developed? What are some of the most relevant examples?
Which universities in the UK, Europe, Australia or New Zealand are leading in the area of bacteria outer membrane research?
Are the research projects funded by DARPA more prestigious than NSF?
What is the benefit of giving a test for which you haven't been taught?
What are the major theoretical strands of research methodology?
What are peer reviewed studies?
What are some important scientific discoveries in atomic and nuclear physics?
How did Isaac Newton think? This question is not only of Newton but to the brilliant scientists and mathematicians out there, Einstein, Ramanujan.
How quickly does cardiovascular research become overturned?
What are R&D opportunities related to big data, data science, artificial intelligence, information security, ICT4D and M4D for a research scholar?
Can I do astrophysics research at home?
How can I interview a scientist and convey their research to the public?
What characteristics do all scientific laws share?
What is going to be the next biggest scientific invention or discovery in astronomical field within the next decade?
Which academic software can produce illustrations of macromolecules like the ones we find in Nature/Science journals?
What's the website that looks super serious but actually shows unserious "research" papers?
Has there ever been a coordinated globally acclaimed scientific attempt to prove the hypothesis that we live inside a computer or disprove otherwise?
How much more challenging does it get to obtain scientific funding during a recession?
What paranormal or psychic phenomena are scientifically proven, and what do you think will be proved in the future?
How do I get the research problem, research objectives, research design, and estimation technique from a research work or article?
Which exact research area of physics in Wisconsin Madison is the best?
What scientific journals are most read by tech entrepreneurs and venture capital investors?
Who does research on social science?
If a scientist in a research lab discovers something new, can they use that to create a product and make money off of it?
How do I open a Research centre?
Can scientists get research ideas/suggestions from teenagers?
What proteins can be added to a casein based film to make it more structurally sound yet flexible?
In which step of the scientific method do we want to use data tables and graphs?
Can teenagers write scientific research paper?
Why did you give up working in scientific research?
What is the meaning of research topic, subject, field or area? And their difference?
How do breakthroughs happen and how can they be avoided?
Is there more opportunities in clinical research than basic biology research? As I hear biological field is getting saturated
How do you train yourself to think critically in science, particularly in the area of biological chemistry?
Can movements such as veganism be shown to have an effect via scientific research or meta-analysis despite the small subject group size?
Has Leibniz’s Law been tested?
Which scientific research principles are most useful to digital marketers?
What ways are there to conduct independent science research with top tier equipment and resources without having any funding or equipment of my own?
Have any scientists created online Python notebooks for their papers that other people can remotely run online for them?
What research works in neuroscience can I conduct, as an ideal start for an undergraduate medical student with interest in this field?
Are there any scientifically proven methods which make a person more smart than what he is currently?
Who can research marijuana?
If an academic only has a few citations of his/her papers on Google Scholar citations, does that mean he/she is a poor scholar?
What are the important journals in plant pathology for the publication of articles?
Will a public Google Scholar citation profile benefit the PhD student?
Which modern scientific theories should I know?
What is it like to work as a research scientist or faculty in Japan?
Do you support project Libgen & Scihub?
Does sharing scientific papers in social media have any impact on the citations?
What don't you like about Quartzy lab management or prevents you from using it?
How can I do a research? What are the steps to do a pharmaceutical research?
What specific scientific fields give undergraduates a written list of authoritative sources of reference way before graduation?
Is there a place to submit scientific abstract?
Should I include grant amount for a project on my CV/resume?
Does an electron slow down if there is a lot of electromagnetic radiation in its surroundings?
What is Researchgate market size? What is their monetization?
How do I create scientific drawings and diagrams?
How is electronics and telecommunication engineering useful in research?
Why should we prohibit corporations from funding academic research?
Is it true that there is research going in the scientific community about how CMI students are so intelligent and possess genius qualities?
Is there a website that gives me summaries of scientific papers/articles/publications?
How true are the claims about the various scientific discoveries in this video?
Why maize is important for aflatoxin research?
Is it possible to conduct research on Quantum Mechanics while studying in school?
I have a global project due in a two days on India 1400-1600. Why is it so hard to find information about certain topics?
What are the main challenges when conducting cross cultural research?
How should I choose my research area as a junior student majors in physics? I am getting so excited about almost every area I learned about!
What methods do scientists use to create vacuum in labs? What are the most common uses for it?
Why does the scientific community dismiss the paranormal without putting resources into researching it?
What's the basis for ground-breaking engineering like touch-screen technology for example? Is it thorough scientific knowledge or what exactly?
In what ways do power relations and social values affect scientific pursuits?
What are the good patents or research papers in the field of Centralized substation protection and control?
How important is it to have hand efficiency to be a biology researcher?
What are some examples of experimental research currently being conducted?
In the scientific community is credibility taken too far?
How can I deduce, by reading a journal article, the methodology adopted by the writer?
Which scientific metaphor is the most helpful for understanding the non-scientific world?
What do you think are some of the most important but ignored neuroscience research findings? How are they going to change the world.
What kind of research does Norway do in Antarctica?
What are the research areas in p2p?
Should I learn from note sheets or should I learn from scientific papers in college?
Is the scientific method more a choice of how to do science than an actual method invented in Ancient Greece or Medieval Europe?
Who subsidizes wildlife research (and whale research in particular)?
Which website offers scientists to chat directly to students for help in their research?
When will aging be reclassified as a disease?
What is a scientific consensus?
How can we participate in research at IRS ONGC chandkheda in a reservoir research project?
What's the strength of Rutgers University as for research field?
Which are some virtual labs in which an actual experiment is triggered in an actual lab?
How can I make sure that my idea is scientifically based right?
What is the scientific rationale for oversampling in political polling?
What are some scientific breakthroughs which are pretold by religions?
If Atlantis were discovered, which academic department or discipline would it fall under?
How many citations do you need to have in Machine Learning before being taken seriously?
Have there been any scholarly research conducted on the characteristics of blacklisting?
Is black not a color?
What are the best research labs in the field of UAV combined with machine learning, computer vision and perception?
What are some websites that publish nutrition and dietary research?
Is it possible to develop a biosensor?
What can lipase do in scientific research?
Is Ayurveda scientifically tested?
Should we put limitations in scientific experiment?
How can I cite a laboratory manual?
What are the features of scientific language?
Are there other versions of the scientific method?
What is Walther Flemming famous for and how has his research helped the scientific community?
What is the review of Value Research?
Who can use university scientific research?
Is there a list of prominent financial research institutions both in the US and abroad?
What is the best way to do thorough research to get the real facts?
Is scientific paper always retracted when an undeclared conflict of interest was discovered?
What are the most important scientific discoveries made in the past decade?
Is science deterministic or probabilistic? Why do you think so?
What are some examples of scientific studies done with proven financial conflicts of interest?
Does scientific truth need the absence of science conventions and lectures?
What are the most promising advances by researchers of education?
Where can I publish my “creative research ideas” (as opposed to critical thinking based research ideas that logically follows from existing papers)?
A century ago doing science wasn’t as difficult as today. Does it still exist today that a student can go to a Prof and ask to be involved in science?
Does market research disprove or defeat the scientific method?
What are recent areas of research topics in mathematics?
If an article received lots of readership/downloads on ResearchGate, does that mean it showcased good/popular research?
Can you sum up the major medical breakthroughs in the last 100 years?
What is the importance of pragmatic research?
What are the research areas in asteroid mining?
Is the Journal of Behavioral and Brain Science a good open access journal?
Can you explain boredom scientifically?
How do I find a research assistant positions (life science) in USA if you're an international student and outside of USA now? Is unpaid job possible?
Do gender studies classes rely on scientific and peer reviewed studies in their claims?
What areas of applied physics research are best to pursue as of now?
What’s the hardest part of conducting a scientific experiment? Is it the lack of automation or time?
If we were developing a theory of religion, how should we define religion for scientific purposes?
What are some examples of theoretical books?
What are some interesting research areas in AI? An interesting area, in my opinion, is ant colony optimization. What are your thoughts?
What was George Gey trying to accomplish with his research?
How can you easily identify laboratory equipment?
Is there trans-disciplinary research happening between astrobiology and cosmology?
Why do we put science, scientists, etc. in such a high regard if It could all be lies?
How can a young researcher make contributions to the development of research in a field he is but a novice?
If most scientific papers are useless, aren't most medical and anthropological terms overdetermined?
What are some recent breakthroughs in cryonics research?
Are most scientific papers useless because mereological fallacies are increasingly likely to be underdetermined?
Do scientists worry about results or outcomes of their experiments a lot?
How does research keep research subjects confidential especially when doing confidential research?
Is op-ed counted as publication such as journal articles?
What are the chances that every scientific theory existing today would be proven wrong at some point in future?
Is there some resource, or common way, to find what is really hot and contemporary in the research of control system theory?
Where do I begin my research for my project on Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO)?
How many frames per second does real life have?
Is every scientific theory based on facts?
In which scientific discipline is one most likely to make a meaningful contribution?
What have been the biggest discoveries in biochemistry / molecular biology in the last 10 years?
If research is conducted under a govt grant (NSF, NASA), are outputs like any developed software in the public domain? If so, how does one find it?
What is common descent and why is it considered scientific theory?
Can you recommend a journal that publishes reviewed scientific statistics on topics of general interest (crime, politics, climate, education, etc.)?
When do we use been in present perfect example this has been possible through the growth of scientific knowledge?
Is that true that students can enter any mathematics/CS research institute anytime in the world and start doing “research”?
What constitutes scientific research?
What is the future of theoretical chemistry?
Is there a scientific explanation why public discussions are often more about insulting/discrediting oponent rather than providing relevant arguments?
What research does Congress ban government agencies from conducting?
Did the medieval Turks/Persians/Arabs/Muslims/Jews use the scientific method?
Did the Ancient Romans use the scientific method?
What do you think of the practice of finding some ancient Indian practice and linking it to every new scientific discovery?
Why is it so uncommon for theoretical papers to have multiple co-authors?
What is ethylene and how is it prepared in a laboratory setting?
What function do the 5 steps in the scientific method serve?
In what ways can the statistical literacy be improved?
What if the scientific method doesn't apply because the universe is not static?
What are the steps involved in scientific investigation?
What sort of values do you think influence the direction of scientific research?
Who do you think has the sexiest research program in your field?
What are some good research papers on adoption?
If your research article has an Altmetric that is below the 60th percentile, does it mean that it will not be cited?
Is being a researcher worth it?
What are some of the open research areas in Transfer Learning?
Are scientists researching on human longevity?
What are the best scientific studies showing that the average innate level of intelligence does not vary significantly between population groups?
How many points are allotted to the first author for a research paper and how much for being a corresponding author?
My advisor is not an expert in what I'm working on, nor does he allow me to seek others' advice. He says everything is confidential. Is that abnormal?
What is the current state of the art regarding research about exercise and productivity. Do we have evidence to support a causal relationship?
Are there any scientific investigations into the possible spiritual nature of the universe?
What can be the scientific reasons for my skin to be speckled?
How important is the research by Dr. Birute Galdikas?
What organization monitors NASA research, funding and publications?
What short term research oriented jobs can I do after B.Tech if I don’t want to go for M.Tech, MS or PhD right now?
Where can I avail papers and research articles on nanotechnology for free online?
Will Quora ever be considered a reliable source for scientific research? Should it?
How could neutrinos be used for scientific research?
What is scientific rigor? What are examples of this?
Has NIPS gotten too big?
What is a research publication? What is the difference between a workshop, a conference and a journal publication generally?
Why topology is not an active area in research even if it has many unsolved problems?
What if science is wrong? Is science wrong? Or not?
What are some effects of war on society, and what scientific studies have been done about this subject?
Who are some notable researchers?
Would Epigenetics fall under pseudoscience or a proven science?
How does one get legal permission to conduct experiments on mice?
How is playing basketball use in scientific researches?
What scientific research needs to be done to verify if bacteria is photosynthetic, and what use would it serve to know?
What is the current scientific opinion on how long it took for an allosaurus to grow up?
What are the best neuroscience research institutes in California?
What are the most exciting, yet unethical biological research projects being currently undertaken?
What are the skills of scientific researcher?
What scientific studies are there too few of due to political sensitivities?
Can I become an excellent anthropologist through field research only?
Is there a crowdsourcing platform for researching article examples?
Is there any R&D done by North American or European countries for display technology?
When did Richard Dawkins publish his last scientific paper?
Where can I find the latest research available on sexual orientation? What is the most relevant research currently being conducted on the subject?
Are there lava tubes located along Mars' equator that could provide an ideal habitat for a research lab?
What kind of real science work could be done by students who are still receiving their bachelors'?
Are there any interesting biological researches I can do on my laptop, outside of academia?
How do research labs get funding?
How do I write a scientific write-up?
Will LSU lose federal funding after building their cannabis research center?
Did Marie Curie think her cancers were a fair price for her scientific discoveries?
Is there any research to support the possibility of neurogenesis in the cerebellum?
What are the traits of a good applicant to a research/MPhil program?
Which country contributes the least to scientific research relative to its wealth?
Has research in Dynamical systems became stagnant?
How do scientists convince anyone to fund projects that are not economically profitable?
Has there been any scientific proof for the presence of telepathy?
How are Terrence Deacon's views on the origin of life regarded by the scientific community?
Do we have to argue for the research question in our EE?
I am doing a research project for school and my theme is sustainability. Can someone recommend me a question that I can ask in my research project?
Which research field can a electronics engineering student opt for if they want to research in CERN?
Did the Medieval Europeans use the scientific method?
What's the difference between text books and research?
Which scientific theory do you find funny/absurd/illogical/stupid and why?
What are some of the good computer science research labs (like IBM Research, Microsoft) in UAE?
How can anyone publish his scientific works?
Is the research agency A*Star in Singapore a high pressure place to work in?
What does medical laboratory science entail?
How can a psychology research team employed by a start-up from India gain ethical approval for research and then publish it?
When trying to delve into a particular line of research in the literature, should I read the articles new-to-old or old-to-new?
Will the Scientific Method ever be replaced?
How often do scientists diverge from the scientific method?
How do you know which research study is true if they’re both creditably?
How do top scientists gain funding for research?
Can you name a house flimsier than the house of the spider?
How would tech companies and governments react to the most paradigm-altering technologies being confirmed and published as public domain?
What are the ramifications of the method used to cure Timothy Ray Brown's HIV/AIDS on current treatment?
What are some recent breakthroughs in senescence research?
As somebody who is starting to enter a research field, is it good to focus on a particular field or diversify in different aspects of the field?
What are some interesting scientific facts (can be anywhere from genetics, to physics, to psychology)?
Is there any current or ongoing research to allow human hibernation?
How can an independent psychology researcher gain ethical approval for research on human participants in India?
What causes creativity scientifically?
In modern English usage, has the meaning of "doing research" expanded to "looking up information"?
Can I conduct scientific research on Karma and its existence or work toward proving that the world balances on equally negative and positive actions?
Where can I read scientific papers published by credible people and sources?
What physics research group in the US is known as a budding ground of excellent programmers?
Did Russian scientists turn lead into gold with special bacteria?
Does the anticandida diet have any credibility in scientific papers?
Is it possible to be using both the engineering design process and the scientific method simultaneously?
What is the best book for beginning in scientific research?
What is the other synonyms for "adapted from"?
What is the single greatest piece of technology and/or scientific knowledge lost to the ages?
What is peer-review as it relates to Scientific Literature?
What is the best academic research in the US on business processes?
Is it true that there is no one “scientific method”, and the one we learn only dates back to 1910, or even the 1940s?
What are the best online research clubs to participate in as an undergraduate student?
What's it like to work as an engineer, while you have always been a science-enthusiast?
What scientific studies have been conducted on Racial association? What research organizations would be generating such studies?
How should I study for BITSAT if I have 4 months left?
If the arxiv disappeared, would progress in theoretical physics grind to a halt?
What is the best means to conduct research on the Aztec Culture?
Assess how branding has increase in the last few decades?
I'm interested in studying theoretical cosmology. Which US universities would provide me with the best opportunities for internships/research?
What is interdiciplinary and multidiciplinary research?
How should I approach a senior scientist of research division of an IT company who is heading a research group in a the field I am passionate about?
Where can I find a database of numbers for feet sizes of animals?
What are good journals for toxicology articles publication?
Is there a better product than Uniphyl for COPD?
Is the study of politics scientific?
What are the biggest successes of the SENS Research Foundation?
What are some book/lectures that go in-depth on how to implement machine learning algorithms?
What pattern should I follow to write an essay on "Research"?
What are we doing in science research institutes?
Is it true that transgender people have unusually high rates of multiple diagnosis of mental illness?
Should I worry about I could finish my Ph.D on time?
If you work in a lab what are your impressions of lab work?
What is the most recent awesome scientific discovery that you were part of?
What should an undergraduate physics major know before partaking in theoretical research?
What are some business research topics about the Quora platform?
What research domains in computer science are considered to be less math-intensive?
What can be said about a research PI if he/she did not update his/her lab website for more than five years?
What is the difference between a research institute and a research centre?
How can I do some research oriented work on big data?
I am working as a research associate (secondary research) in a start-up. What course should I do to advance my career?
If you could pick a title for a proposed nonfiction book of your choice & have a team of research experts write the book, what title would you choose?
If various scientific theories are predicated on several basic assumptions, what makes science different from faith then?
What are some amazing scientific device made at home?
Does greater readership correlate positively with greater citations for scientific publications?
What are the steps involved in the scientific method and how are they explained?
How do lawyers undertake scientific research?
Are there any prophecies in the Bible about future scientific discoveries?
What are the stages of a scientific inquiry? How is each stage elaborated?
Is the scientific method like calculus?
I am a shy student and ain't comfortable sharing my research paper work with faculty professor. What do I do? How should I improve?
Does higher readership on ResearchGate correlate with higher chances of citation?
How can I exclude or manage an extra set of data in my research?
What problems exist in the current Scientific Method?
Did John Bedini create gold from copper, like an Alchemist?
Is it enough to compare several matched groups as opposed to representative groups of a population?
Do we rely more on reason or emotion when determining what research methodologies we will use in the human sciences?
Is it wise and plausible to conduct a PhD research about education in a country that is not the researcher's?
Are the world leading physicists involved in the deep web's scientific research including aliens and time travelling?
What should I do when my paper was accepted by a scientific journal and then it has dissapeared?
How should I write a "research plan" for a faculty position application?
Can a commercially published book impact scientific paradigms?
Where is the most successful research group in industrial engineering?
What is the value, purpose or nature of philosophy, considering it couldn't anticipate most of the scientific breakthroughs of the past century?
Is there any scientific study about people actually being able to notice the pollution surrounding them?
How many neuroscience researchers are there on Quora who are experts in fMRI analysis?
Why did one of my biology professor said scientific method is not real science?
Do we know about the world around us through researching science, or do we reach conclusions in science because of studying the world around us?
What is the difference between scientific and technological researchs and developments in labs and in universities?
Is there a site that follows up on studies?
How do I quit a volunteer lab research position gracefully?
What is the benifit of publishing my research on cochrane?
Who are the more notable American scientists?
If we made all research equipment free, what would the world be like?
What technology does MIT's Terahertz Camera use which can read closed books?
Will scientific research ever be lucrative as a career?
What are the implications of unreliability & non-repeatability in Social psychology studies?
What are the current goals of theoretical physics?
What is Facebook's policy on working remotely for research scientists?
Paddy fields activity?
Would people mind working with researchers, startups and scientists in their free time?
What are you studying or researching now?
What are the most prestigious well-peer-reviewed apparel industry publications?
What is a non scientific theory? How are they developed?
How do scientists find lab rats with gender dysphoria to test potential cures to the condition?
Is it good to choose a research area in which work is going on almost everywhere or an area in which work is in very limited colleges or industries?
Where might I get assistance publishing minor scientific (medical) papers/discoveries?
Are there any websites you want to recommend to researchers in biology and medicine areas?
What are some hard statistics on the psychological benefits of meditation?
What is the scientific value of anecdotal evidence? Can compiling anecdotal reports on Quora be of real scientific value?
How is cuteness explained scientifically?
What are some of the craziest theories you've read in a scientific publication?
In your entire career or life, what is the most interesting scientific phenomenon that you have encountered?
Why do science labs have modern equipment?
What purpose does a wage inquiry serve?
What are the latest researches in evnironmental engineering?
What are the new scientific improvement in India?
Why does research references have so many formats and why are they abnormal?
Why does Google put African Americans scientists first (image) when I search "American scientists"? What are the rationals behind such arrangements?
In which papers can I contribute my ideas in?
If you could fake a scientific result which would keep thousands of brilliant physicists employed for decades, would you do it?
How do I conduct a national research study?
Is there any possibility to publish my own new quantum mechanics paradox in top scientific journals?
What are some websites to learn MATLAB through projects?
To what extent will it affect my career in physics research if I dont get into a top university for undergrad?
Why are scientists often reluctant to share PowerPoint slides of published research data?
Why do science labs have multiple microscopes?
What are scope for a research scholar in sociology?
What research is going on the vedas?
How do researchers organise their time and ideas? Do you use specific tools?
How is high speed photography beneficial for science and research?
What is Google's policy on working remotely for research scientists?
In your opinion, what's going to be the biggest scientific discovery within the next 20 years?
Who are the most prominent chromatin biologists in the world?
Which is the best website to get updated to the modern scientific world?
What are some great contribution of post colonial India to the world?
Is there a smaller less nerdy alternative of The Logic of Scientific Discovery by Karl Popper?
Does anyone has any information or research work on Dhosi hills (Haryana & Rajasthan) from volcanism and geological perspective?
What preparations would a federally-funded researcher have to make in order to take temporary leave of their research?
Are the reviewers of indexed journals biased on the authors' country?
What are the most promising research areas for control systems?
What is an example of a scientific theory? How is a scientific theory developed?
Can there be a scientific theory of consciousness?
When research isn't going well, what makes you resilient? What motivates you to keep on working?
What qualifies as the scientific method, contrasted with other ways of thinking?
Is there any scientific proof that the devil does exist?
Does this process really turn glass into gold? Is it real alchemy? Or is it a hoax?
How is Adesh institute of medical science and research?
Is there a dictionary of scientific terms where we can listen to a native speaker of English pronouncing them?
What are the best examples of interdisciplinary research in science?
What do you think about the successful launching of Tiangong2 space lab?
How can I learn the basics of scientific research?
Why is blood spun in a laboratory? What is the objective of doing so and how does it help?
"The patients are your textbook, the sickbed is your study." Is this view consistent with the scientific method?
Why do scientific studies on animals use massive doses of the drug being studied?
What are some of the most famous theoretical books?
How can I come up with a research idea about coffee consumption?
I'm turning 24 this week. What is the likelihood that I will live to see 150 years old assuming technology trends remain constant?
Do elements appear out of nowhere over time?
What is the nature and scope of research methodology? How is it used and what are some examples?
Why is each part of the scientific method important, especially what would happen if you left one out?
Why do many scientific researchers not share their data?
What was the most important breakthrough in theoretical physics in the last twenty years?
How can the Scientific Revolution have happened in the 1500s, or even 400BC(!), if the scientific method was invented around 1930?
What are some of Edwin Hubble's scientific discovery?
What are advantages and disadvantages of a scientific model?
Would you need professional laboratory equipment to grow cells/skin in your home?
What are some of the assumptions that scientific method holds?
How much luck is involved with scientific research?
How common is it for the published papers of PhD students to receive lots of citations?
What are clinicians' biggest frustrations with industry-sponsored research?
Is it true that the scientific method was invented around 1930? Or is that wrong?
Can a scientific law be changed? If so, how?
What are the best scientific proofs that depression is a real illness?
What was the most important breakthrough in cancer research the last ten years?
Did a man named Ernst Alexanderson make an antenna that could communicate instantly?
Why is intelligent design not a scientific theory? What are some examples?
What's the minimum age exepted for a discovery in theoretical physics?
What scientific theory you wish existed but has not been proven yet?
Is it really proven that intelligence is passed down genetically?
How close are we to making somebody invisible?
What are the most cutting-edge math fields at the moment?
If you had to research a topic in psychology, what topic would you choose?
Is there a good alternative to Tex/LaTeX/ConTeX for scientific writing?
Why do some people have an aversion to theoretical models of cognition and theoretical neuroscience but not theoretical physics?
What are the sociological factors shaping scientific research and funding policy?
How do you know what makes a good research question?
What framework would a quantitative analyst in speculative trading work under in order to maximise her research efficiency?
What is the scientific method of meditation?
What can be a good research topic in area of finance?
Which important scientific discoveries have been hidden from the public for a long time before being revealed?
Do janitors have access to restricted labs?
What is latest trend that make any scientific journal of have priority?
What important scientific advancements have come from sending animals into space?
Is there a direct corelation between monetary funding and achivement in scientific progress?
What was the most important breakthrough in Science in the last twenty years?
Do extroverted researchers generally get more publications and collaborators?
What is the nature of scientific knowledge?
What qualifies as the fundemental scientific measurables of physics?
What is theoretical thinking? How can theoretical thinking help a science research?
How do I appreciate a research article?
Has there been any scientific breakthrough you made that you never believed was possible practically?
What scientific question will be the last?
What are some good overviews of the ways commercial interests control and distort scientific research to influence the public?
How do scientists decide if something is psuedo-science or not?
Is a scientific theory an irrefutable fact?
How do physicists prove that entropy always increases somewhere else when life or factories increase order locally? Or has it not been proven?
Where do hypotheses come from in the scientific method? Should we use or can we test a hypothesis that came from a religion, a dream or a drug trip?
How many research papers exist on how much water we are supposed to drink in a day to lose weight?
Why NH4OH is used to detect cations in the laboratory?
Do you have foundation of college chemistry in the laboratory book as pdf?
What is the scientific method? Who invented it?
How many hours do people spend at work (in average)?
How does science and the scientific method deal with this error in its own reasoning? And what error is this? Does it defeat science?
Is it possible to be both a surgeon and take part in research?
What scientific research could be automated that isn't?
What does a second author mean for a researcher in finding jobs as a postdoc?
Do nations require the censorship of reality, and the inhibition of scientific progress?
What is your favorite scientific experiment? Why?
Do you need to have multiple hypotheses to construct research questions?
Why are there strong relations among different disciplines in science?
What is Frederick Winslow Taylor's Scientific management theory?
What subjects one should take in post graduate physics course for carrying out research in theoretical particle physics?
What are the most important scientific methods I would practice to develop mystique?
Can surveying human behaviour be considered a research?
How do you define the efficiency of a research lab?
Are there any industries that let students use their equipment for research?
What is the average denial rate for scientific publications?
How are alkynes produced in a laboratory?
What secret project do you think nations are working on?
Why are there so many conflicting scientific research, especially in fitness/nutrition? How do we know which one is true?
What is the scientific name for paramecium and how it is used?
Have scientific studies ever been done on over the counter nootropics?
How common is it for the authors of scientific papers to wish that they wrote their papers differently?
What are the keywords for searching the response to an article?
Why does Matlab retain its paying customers when there are several free alternatives?
What's that one scientific theory that drives you bonkers?
What have been the biggest breakthroughs in biotechnology since 2012?
Which OS people use at Earthquake Research Institute(ERI), UoT, Japan?
How predictive is the Altmetric of the amount of citations a published research paper receives?
What does the majority of scientific evidence say about the contribution of meat and dairy to Health problems in Western countries?
What are some other projects like the PolyMath project?
What is the difference between technology and science? Or are they the same thing? What does this mean for the idea of a scientific method?
How do we research outside the universities or formal scientific institutions?
How can I find the research subject of my master thesis?
What are the most promising scientific studies aimed at reaching human immortality?
What are the key Areas of research in pharmacy practice currently?
What are the advantages of using only undergraduates for a psychology research experiment?
How are different scientific disciplines related?
What successful scientific research has not been followed up by implementation?
Would graduate students be held accountable if an undergrad he/she does not supervise gets into an accident?
What is it like to serve as an editor for a predatory journal?
What was the most important breakthrough in Down Syndrome research in the last 10 years?
What is Hyper-loop and is it economically viable?
How can I do better on lab quizzes for microbiology based on the lab?
What time management advice/tips can you give as a professor/researcher to a college student?
If you end up being more of a lecturer than a researcher at a University in Canada, does it come with any noticeable disrespect from your peers?
Are 30 citations a lot for a year-old physics paper?
Who are some of the high skilled scientists and researchers you know?
If I wanted to create a modern "Lunar men", who would you suggest as members?
What is the latest/coolest breakthrough in material science?
Is the claim that atheism is reasonable, rational, & even scientific, unreasonable and not at all scientific?
How can we trust science, when researchers are encouraged to fiddle with the data to get a p-value < 0.05?
What is an example of a scientific theory? How is a scientific theory developed?
Should I mention a failed research project in my CV?
Are there any small prizes for writing scientific papers to solve specific problems?
What is the purpose of the HLA-B27 lab test?
Which important scientific discoveries happened by mistake?
Are politics and media wrong to exist, because science exists?
Do you have any ideas on how to get machines to learn to engineer and learn to propose/conduct scientific research?
What is the best website for searching scientific papers?
What is the current scientific consensus about how creativity relates to IQ?
Does this process really turn glass into gold? Is it real alchemy? Or is it a hoax?
How can the biopsychosocial model be applied in medical laboratory practice?
Which are some examples of companies beating scientific researchers at their own game?
What is scientific inquiry? What purpose does it serve?
What are the steps for a undergraduate student to start doing scientific research?
In your opinion, what's the greatest scientific discovery of 2016?
How much cost to make a simple (cross-section) medical research?
Have you ever seen headlines that say "Study shows…" when the study really did not show that?
How do I apply a scientific method when comparing heights of students in class?
Are there any science competitions going on through which I can compete with my scientific research?
What is the procedure of isolating rhizobium in the school laboratory?
What is the most exciting research going on in Germany right now?
Do elements appear out of nowhere over time?
Is there any authentic scientific research that shows that mindfulness meditation is beneficial to our psychological health?
What are the lowest GPAs of people accepted at Research Science Institute?
Do you think it's possible that the paranormal exists, but that we simply lack the means to measure it?
Is it possible to do scientific research while working as a high school teacher?
What was the most important breakthrough in theoretical physics in the last twenty years?
What is the correlation between intelligence and monogamy?
What are some of Edwin Hubble's scientific discovery?
How do I get my mathematical discoveries into the right hands?
What is the main difference between basic and applied research? What are some examples?
What is the difference between a research question and a research problem?
Is effective farming possible without science?
How can a scientific theory be accepted by the entire scientific community (conservative scientists included)?
Do consumer telescopes add any value to the scientific community?
What magazines & websites will help me do research in economics or at least find research articles in this field?
What does the phrase "poetry is what gets lost in translation" mean?
Homework Question: What are the proper steps in conducting a research trial?
What are the best scientific proofs that depression is a real illness?
What was the most important breakthrough in cancer research the last ten years?
In which research labs is use of Adderall most common?
What is the source of knowledge that the scientific method uses?
Which research groups in North America have open lab meetings?
Can I have humor in my scientific paper that I hope to have peer-reviewed?
Is the scientific method like Java in that it helps reduce damage from the "mediocre", but is unnecessary for the exceptional?
What was your research or project that helped you to get into MIT, Stanford or Ivy league as an international student in the graduate program?
Is there research, scientific paper or not, on finding a user's gender and/or age from the way he/she browses a website?
I have a scientific research through which we can grow wheat much faster. Can you help me do something with it that benefits both me and world?
Which Science groups of Quorans would best answer a question about current status of researches on the consciousness?
If I want to study how nutrition affects cognition, what are some good websites that I can use to test myself and measure the changes?
Which is has more authority and authenticity over a particular research, IEEE or IJITEE?
What are action research questions? How are they used for a research?
Are there any experiences with Clinnovo Research labs in Hyderabad?
What is the theoretical limit of size?
What happens to a lab/grants/research center after a professor passes away?
What framework would a quantitative analyst in speculative trading work under in order to maximise her research efficiency?
What is the scientific method of meditation?
What could be the scientific benefits of recreating a moon like research facility on earth?
What differentiates an excellent retrospective study from a good one?
Is there a "scientific" explanation for racism?
How do you manage a computer science laboratory?
What are all the known fields of research and science?
What are some good research topics in the field of speech communication?
What was the most important breakthrough in Science in the last twenty years?
How do Governments profit from funding PhD student's research in Fundamental Sciences like Pure Math and Physics?
Do you believe in pseudoscience?
What makes our furthered understanding of the Universe so important?
Are there any organizations that lobby for science funding?
What is theoretical thinking? How can theoretical thinking help a science research?
How do you select the problems to work on? What properties does the good research question have?
How common is it for the best scientists at high level thinking to work for scientific funding agencies?
What research is being done to understand the patterns of our world?
What's the most startling (scientific) discovery of your professional career?
What is a scientific model?
What's the difference between constructive framework approach and nomothetic lab experiment?
Of the five senses, which is the most poorly understood scientifically? Which is the most complex physiologically?
What are some uncommon and awesome scientific researches that a mid high school student can carry out within 21 days?
Is there a scientific theory such as "Life will develop and thrive anywhere it can be supported"?
What scientific question will be the last?
Where can a science laboratory technology student work?
What are the most groundbreaking projects that scientists and researchers are working on at present?
Is it possible that the entire universe could be a super-nano/miniaturization technology based in a laboratory of an highly advanced specie?
Is there a difference in a scientific theory and the truth?
What is the meaning of theoretical perspective?
Why do scientists make researches on a person?
How many research papers exist on how much water we are supposed to drink in a day to lose weight?
When a professor is transferred to another department, is it always the case that all the grad students will make the same transfer?
How do you approach a new research field?
Can a philosophy be considered as a science or does using the scientific method mean that the discipline is being practised and not its "meta"?
Is there a unifying factor in aging?
What peer reviewed evidence connects criminal children with single mother families?
What are today's most groundbreaking discoveries in psychology?
Is there any proven example of a discontinuity in the universe?
Is it possible to be both a surgeon and take part in research?
How can I build a robotic lab?
What do scientists use the scientific method for? How do they do it?
How can I culture B.cereus, S.Enteritidis, and S.liquefaciens?
What can human do to the junk if the world were too full with it in the future?
What theory supports the idea that spirits come out at night? Is there any scientific proof?
What is the intersection of GIS and Data analytics?
What is the Nirenberg and Matthaei experiment and how was it important to the scientific community?
Applied Physics vs Theoretical Physics, which degree has the best prospects?
Where can I find research papers on composite materials?
Who is held responsible for research misconduct - the principal investigator alone or the entire project team?
What is the theoretical scavenging process? How are the processes divided?
What kind of scientific papers get a lot of citations?
Whom should I contact if I'm not sure whether I've made a scientific discovery?
How can I find a replication of a study?
What upcoming technologies or burgeoning research are you most excited about?
Should unethically obtained data be used in scientific research?
What does a scientific method require?
What softwares do engineers and scientists use to generate graphics for scientific journals?
What are the most ridiculous scientific studies?
Is there any science to back up the claim that a very good physical appearance is linked to superficiality in dating or socializing?
Is there still room for free will in our best scientific models?
How do you elaborate a analysis lab report?
Is there a scientific consensus on how online porn impacts adolescents?
What is the scientific name for paramecium and how it is used?
How do you remember the scientific method?
Have there been studies done on the difference between refrigerated and unrefrigerated eggs? If so, what are the conclusions?
Why does Matlab retain its paying customers when there are several free alternatives?
What is the next logical lab test to understand high Alkaline Phosphatase?
What are some functions served by the Laboratory for Laser Energetics?
How can AI revolutionize the way in which scientific theories are conceived of and evaluated?
Why are bone density studies typically done on postmenopausal women?
Is reality's sequence uniformity, contrast, uniformity, uniformity?
What is the current state of Dubai world Islands?
How do national research labs rank amongst themselves?
Which OS people use at Earthquake Research Institute(ERI), UoT, Japan?
What should we be teaching our children instead of Darwinian evolution?
What are the principles of rearranging scientific equations?
What books and online materials are useful to understand the analyses of transmission electron microscopy, atomic force microscopy & contact angle?
I am B.E. from NSIT. How to get jobs in scientific writing in India after B.E./B.Tech?
Hello! I am going to conduct a research on an antimicrobial technology. What tests can I perform to say that the antimicrobial technology worked?
What research areas can be taken up in computational electromagnetics for academic research?
How do I know if the scientific journal is indexed?
How do you calculate permutations and combinations in SPSS?
What is the meaning of theoretical?
What is Los Alamos National Laboratory, and why was it created? How does this laboratory compare to Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory?
I am a 3rd yr of EEE branch at BITS Pilani. I want to go for a summer "research" internship at a good univ. My GPA is 7. How should I go about it?
Are there any competitions of scientific research open at moment?
What are some examples of controlled factors used in the scientific method of an experiment?
Would graduate students be held accountable if an undergrad he/she does not supervise gets into an accident?
What are some examples of a scientific process?
How can junior researchers learn about or get started on seeking alternate funding routes, like self-funding or startups?
What is it like to serve as an editor for a predatory journal?
What was the most important breakthrough in Down Syndrome research in the last 10 years?
How does biology today compare to the 20th century in terms of output, number of scientists and money involved?
Will man lose his human qualities with scientific advancements in future?
What is the minimum age for a genius child to make researches in theoretical physics?
Why is the scientific method required?
Is there any company that designs covers of scientific journals?
is there research team that accept beginner in the field of research to join?
Is there a principle describing how as more scientific questions are answered the unanswered ones begin to recede away from us?
What are some topics for research on high rise buildings?
What do scientist say real teleportation would be like? How is it being research to be able to develop it?
What are the most interesting current developments in your field of research?
Who do I go to for authorship inclusion on a published academic paper that I wrote but was not credited for?
What are the hottest subjects in Electrical Engineering today, for MS/PhD?
Is there any scientific proof of pterodactyls being able to fly?
How did Ayush Sharma begin his research and how long did it take? Can he give me some tips as a 12th grader in CBSE?
Can we ask Watson to draw correlations between scientific papers?
Is International Journal of Scientific and Research Publications (IJSRP) good for publication?
Could I make biomass estimation research without field study?
Does the Research Science Institute offer research projects in ecology?
What were some scientific discoveries that proved that most of what was previously accepted was wrong?
Is brashness useful in making discoveries?
With no new discoveries from the LHC, the LUX collaboration, or the IceCube observatory, what do you think the next big discovery in physics will be?
Do journal editors read the replies by authors to the reviewers?
Does a high ResearchGate score mean that one is a prolific researcher?
Can you give me the reference behind this study of walking breaks when running?
What scientific field is closest to that of the archetypical mad scientist?
What are the most unethical scientific experiments that have benefited mankind?
As a community college student, how do I gain research experience during the school year?
When is it best to use a scientific model to represent reality?
How do we determine that something we found using mathematics is just coincidence and have no real significance?
How can I present my scientific innovation in Tokyo?
Does every scientific discovery have to be accompanied by an academic paper?
Can a person truly make profound discoveries in physics if they are not in academia and are only doing research from home?
How should one start a review paper in cosmology?
Do autistic scientists often choose research topics differently from neurotypical scientists?
Why do Australian universities do well in rankings against highly industrialized countries?
How can “citizen neuroscience” knowledge be leveraged to help further neuroscience research?
What would happen if there was no free source of scientific information?
How would a scientist create real petrichor in a lab?
What are some good dexterous robots for research purposes?
Are scientific researchers unhappy persons?
How do you obtain a list of top 20 researchers in your field?
Are recreational drugs researchers disregarded by their peers?
What is the current state of open peer review?
What are the scientific applications of the crossing over process? How is it studied?
What is the current state of research on cetacean sonar and communication? (Sorry can't be any more specific due to twitter-like limitations.)
What is the newest most significant scientific discovery of August 2016?
I want to study Information Propagation (videos) in OSNs. I am a novice to the subject of SNA. Can you please guide me on how to proceed? Thanks.
Where has the cashew Research Centre been established in the Chhattisgarh?
Why is 1879 so important scientifically?
What are some of the best phenomenological studies in porn?
How long does a human oligodendrocyte live on average?
What is the scientific purpose to produce pions?
What are examples of scientific rigor in Greg Egan scifi?
How do I write a scientific review based on a movie?
What is scientific software?
What happened to the concept of Technocracy Inc. for scientific functional government?
What are the recent advances in melanoma research?
What are the responsibilities of college Professors need to do for motivating student on Research, Sports and Technology?
Why do Media critisize Indian Government for lacking sufficient amount of scientific research in the country?
What is difference between mathematical and scientific inquiry?
Is theoretical physics a waste of resources?
Is it possible to do research in academia and be a (freelance) musician?
Should I choose "Geographical Information System" in masters if I have bachelor education in "Software development and engineering"?
What is the advantage of field research over test group?
How can I turn science into a business?
What do high monocytes levels mean in a lab test?
How does theoretical framework influences a research?
Where are all the experiments that didn't work (null hypothesis not disproven) published?
I have heard that some people by meditation or possession of spirits are able to levitate, but is there any scientific proof of it?
Is it good to show low impact publications in you resume?
Is it normal to be scared of pursuing my dream (of doing research) when I can easily get a government job? What should I do?
Do cognitively uneven ppl (like EO Wilson) often find better support structures at top universities with high densities of smart ppl (like Harvard)?
What are the most common care instructions for laboratory apparatus?
Is it a mistake to pursue graduate studies in Italy?
When do you use a scientific model to represent a philosphy?
Why are 'impact points' removed from Researchgate?
Why Scientific Linux important?
Where can I find a good research topic?
How do you deal with wrong reviewer comments on your paper?
Are methods sections of research papers more likely to go obsolete after 15 years?
Which app gives more scientific news?
Are there any new huge scientific discoveries that tie in with human health?
What are the top scientific research competitions for college students?
What are the primary research question scientist use on research for Strokes?
What does a scientific model represent? When is it best to use it?
What have been the most surprising discoveries when researching/writing your upcoming book Hidden Motives?
What computers have had the greatest impact in science?
What is the longest gap between a mathematical discovery and its application in empirical scientific research or industry?
What are some of the research suggestions and advice given by your main supervisor and co-supervisors in your fundamental or applied research project?
Are the words “boy" and “girl” considered scientific terms?
What is the scientific reason behind most women having a longer life-span than men?
How can I find scientific based/proven tips and articles instead of personal advice through the internet?
What are the scientific models? What are some examples?
How long do laboratories have to keep copies of your medical tests?
What institutions are funding ongoing basic science research in nutrition?
What are gloves used for in a laboratory?
What exactly is needed in literature review when one is conducting a research?
What is an Alcubierre Drive?
How has Scientific Notation impacted science?
Are quantifiability, falsifiability, repetition, biases, and confounders part of the scientific method, or not?
What is the empirical data evidencing the claim that a patriarchy oppresses women in liberal western countries?
To what extent is development of new scientific theories in any time period influenced and/or limited by the mathematics concurrently existing?
If I want to be in a high school competition such as Intel ISEF or STS or Siemens, do I have to have prior knowledge on the topic?
Are there any scientific research projects I can join as a first year college student?
How often do scientists employ divergent thinking?
What makes for an ideal undergrad research problem?
I'm doing my MSc Physics, and I'm working on a project on Liquid Crystals. What are some good scientific papers on the theory of liquid crystals?
What is the most common laboratory apparatus?
If space is nothing, how can it have a description?
What are some interesting and/or impressive science inquiry projects?
How common is it for authors of scientific journal articles to get a surge of emails following an academic publication?
What is the best technique of reading theory papers?
How is the quality of the scientific research today compared to that of 100 years ago?
What theoretical physics group has huge job market?
What domestic violence studies & statistics to modern feminists reference & cite?
Have there been brain imaging studies done on artists, writers, composers, etc while they created?
Are there any areas of research that are stuck in limbo as it would require one to be an expert in so many different fields?
Are there websites similar to grantome.com for browsing recently awarded research grants?
What are the research area in economics?
How do I publish my scientific work?
Have any credible studies been conducted on the possibility of adverse biological effects from the EMF generated during the use of electric vehicles?
Is there a scientific limit to how much one can learn in a given timeframe?
What are the methodological steps to conduct a research in physics?
Can we synthesize blood in laboratory?
Can I study theoretical physics and electronics simultaneously?
Is it possible to do scientific research at a university without teaching classes?
Can I turn my life around with a PhD?
What are the primary research question scientist use on research for Arthiritis?
What is empirical research? What are the benefits of this type of research?
Could physics and chemistry alone, assuming complete enough understanding, sufficiently explain and predict how living beings & living systems behave?
What academic fields are you interested in?
What are the consequences of giving your scientific publication a "cute" or funny title?
What do I need to consider before setup a small formulation company? I have lab, patents, and researchers to work on project.
Why do supporters of the simulation theory think our creators live in a similar world?
How can postgraduate students and also assistant professor be humble or demonstrate humility in a competitive research environments?
What are the on going researches on environmental problems in India?
What will I have to study if I take up research in Quantum Chemistry?
What are ways to know social science research?
Has dowsing with rods and sticks been scientifically tested?
What books do you suggest if I want to learn things with fun and that will also increase my basics in PCM?
Should I read really old research articles,or stick to new literature?
How much of scientific research output is actually causing any service to mankind?
Has aromatherapy been scientifically tested?
Which do you think is the most widely used drug?
What would be the most surprising scientific discovery imaginable?
How can you describe the differences between the experimental method and the scientific method?
Why isn't AI being used to conduct scientific research?
How can I do an ICICI's balance inquiry?
What are the research fields in structural engineering?
How can I learn tools, techniques and methods of social science research?
Have Indian gurus been scientifically tested?
We are currently seeing a large outflow of ML practitioners and researchers from academia to the private sector. Is this cause for concern?
As of 2016, what are some impacts that arXiv has had in scientific publishing?
What are the limiting factors on the rate of scientific advancement by humanity? Is there anything that could and should be done to circumvent them?
What would a purely scientific approach to morality be like?
Do you know any scientific articles on creepy pasta?
Will Elon Musk donate his brain for scientific research? Similar to the way pieces of Einstein's were examined?
What are the good (and fast) ways to read research documents about a new subject that you haven't learnt before?
What is a really scientific explanation regarding crumpled up paper flying farther than a flat piece of paper?
What are some good wet lab research practices to have in microbiology and chemical biology?
What ways have you taken a modular approach to solving a problem?
Who are the top American researchers researching blood?
Have Indian yogis been scientifically tested?
If currently I am a good research engineer, how can I upgrade myself to a research scientist?
How do I take credit for a scientific paper under the following circumstances?
Are research on alcohol consumption manipulated? I read that it’s just like tobacco companies pay researchers to promote that smoking isn’t bad.
What government funded research was pivotal for fracking's success in the United States?
What are the different scientific methods?
What do researchers think of the 1-hour workday?
What should a scientist do if he found a YouTuber casually solved a profound theoretical puzzle?
How to properly handle common laboratory apparatus?
What are the employment prospect for research/science in Europe?
Why is the microscope so important in a laboratory?
Has dowsing with pendulums been scientifically tested?
Am working as support engineer in TCS. I enrolled for PhD in my core field (mechanical), shall I switch to EIS domain or else trying to get dev proj?
Can a high energy photon striking an atomic nucleus produce pi mesons and other particles?
What scientific methodology is followed for improving something?
Has the concept of an afterlife ever been scientifically tested? Can it be scientifically tested?
What are some explanations for the scientific models?
Are there any research papers that use the bootstrap method of resampling?
What is a media inquiry?
Has Ancient Chaldea been scientifically tested?
How can AI be used to automate Scientific Research?
If you want to contribute to cutting edge scientific research, is it recommended that you get a PHD? Or can you do it with just a BS?
What are the components of a good scientific experiment?
What are the benefits of investigation in the scientific method?
What would be the optimal budget to fund scientific research all over the world?
Why isn't there a research/study on Clairvoyance?
Does being accident-prone have a scientific explanation?
Which is the best country to work after a PhD in CS in the United States?
What are some advancements in medicine and everyday conveniences made possible by the evolutionary theory?
How does arXiv or pre-print platform protect the credibility of the work and publication of researchers at the stages of early, draft and final?
What are the most difficult unsolved challenges and problems facing scientists in the medical field?
I know laboratories measure differently, but if the max. value for AntiTPO antibodies is the same for 2 laboratories, are the two results comparable?
What do I do if my Professor wants to put the names of people who didn't contribute to the research as co-authors of the paper?
Do Colleges like Scientific research?
How does one estimate the value of an increase in national research capacity in monetary terms?
Will there be more research in IoT?
In general, is it more productive to have one very funded lab working towards a goal or many meagerly funded labs working towards that goal?
What point of view should a scientific report be written in? Why?
What are some scientific experiments I could do with coloured light inside a school laboratory?
How close is Scientific research in creating 'Life' from chemicals in. Lab?
Has there been any research on the possibility of "devil's tower" being a tree stump?
Are postulates, laws, theorems, corollaries, theories, principles, hypotheses, logic, and proofs important to science?
How is the scientific method used in an investigation?
How come there is no research done about casein curd present in adults?
How can I work as Psychologist with Big Data?
Is there any research that sleeping on a very hard surface can straighten the spine?
What are some exotic scientific journals?
Are there any famous experiments or studies that actually have very little or even no scientific value?
Will the Clinton administration turn to scientific research to improve the social climate in America?
I am a PhD student at a second-tier university; what would be a good strategy to discuss my research ideas with the top Professors in my field?
Hypothetical: What would happen if all of scientific research was fully funded?
Which research lab should I pursue as an undergrad?
What started your interest in [whatever field you are studying or working in]?
Does creation of new massive scientific datasets catalyze serendipitous discoveries?
Is it possible to get someone to fund plant breeding research when the person who wants to do the research has not been in college?
What are the characteristics of non empirical research?
Would a phd program let me do science if I have no college degree?
How do you find the correct ratio of researchers in a field to people who are advocating for more researchers to go into that field?
Is there any credible scientific research into existence after death?
Which 1800s writer or philosopher greatly influenced science at the time?
What are some examples of dangers that can occur in a science lab?
Were some of our current historical sites ever used for scientific purposes in the past?
What is the best example of a peer reviewed scientific paper from an author who has little or no formal training?
Has the US federal government ever stopped/encouraged you to not conduct scientific research on a certain topic?
What is the best way to print scientific papers?
Is the phrase "academic limit", scientifically accurate?
How important was the discovery of Sanchi?
How do you plan to increase scientific funding and literacy in the community?
What is the difference between SCI and ESCI journals? Is it worth to published PhD works in ESCI journals?
What are scientific research methods in social sciences?
Is there proof that macroevolution is a scientific fact and not just a theoretical model?
What is the best center for quantum technology research in the world?
What happens if you try to publish a scientific article which already exists?
How can slime molds be cultivated in a laboratory?
What is the meaning of press inquiry?
What is the best ideas to find the problems for theoretical research?
What are the minimal requirements for a research lab that works on control systems in robotics?
Why aren't there comment sections for scientific articles, particularly in well known journals?
Are reading and studying research papers important for undergraduate students?
What are the things that intrigues scientists the most?
Can someone send me a good scientific paper on 3D bioprinting of skin in regenerative medicine?
Has Satan been scientifically tested?
What are some examples of action research questions?
Has the quality of scientific research gone down over the decades?
Which equipment would I need for a DIY engineering lab and what are the costs?
Just what makes the probability of new space phenomena the cause of Tabby's star dimming higher than that of aliens?
What causes the Sagnac effect?
How can we analyse a complicated (dynamic) system?
How does a science investigator earn money, especially for unpopular ideas?
How will Hillary Clinton support scientific research?
What is the best screen size for tablet to read scientific papers and PDF files?
Have the moon landings been scientifically tested?
What are wind tunnels? What purpose do they serve in scientific research?
Has Ancient China been scientifically tested?
Have news events been scientifically tested?
What are the elements of a safety chapter to be included in a lab manual of Foundry Lab?
What is it like to work with Jay Parikh at Facebook Engineering Lab?
What are the tests that can be carried out in a microbiological lab?
What scientific valid points do we have or scientific theories can we have to support that Hindu God Hanuman ate SUN?
Should all scientific journals be open access?
What are some good sites to read scientific articles for daily reading?
What are some scientific advancements we would be able to see today, if it weren't for ethical barriers?
Is prioritising drug development over the discovery of new molecules a strategic mistake?
How are lab refrigrator calibrated?
What is the best (budget-defying) way to test how chickens walk with dinosaur legs?
What can I specialize in if I am conducting a research on the environment?
How does a biological research laboratory make money?
What is the infrared spectrometer?
What are the coolest and amazing inventions of the 21st century?
Why is research hard?
What is an RDW lab test?
What are the different laboratory instruments? What purpose do they serve?
How do I make a scientific contribution?
Has Ancient Israel been scientifically tested?
What are the baseline characteristics that must be adjusted when comparing different treatment regimes for pneumonia?
How do scientific models help us understand aspects of the real world?
How can I maximize learning in a research lab?
Has Ancient Rome been scientifically tested?
Why do we need to synthesize gold nanoclusters?
If you have a groundbreaking scientific theory, how would you inform the scientific community?
How does being a software engineer compare to being a research scientist?
Has the law of attraction been scientifically tested?
What variables are required to compare the outcomes of two antibiotic treatments for pneumonia?
What level of importance is given to NABL for calibration laboratory?
How would one go about doing scientific research in highschool, worthy enough for Intel/Siemens?
In which ways does semantics not follow the scientific method?
Have goblins been scientifically tested?
How can I do a summer internship abroad in biology?
Most research in Change Management is about the participants or practices. Is there any research about the change-professionals' perception?
How does Hillary Clinton plan to incentivize technological innovation and scientific research?
Is there any research going on in fuzzy topology?
Do new scientific fields enter "eternal Septembers" as they become more mature?
How does the filter bubble, and especially the filter bubble applied by Google Search affects academic research and higher education?
Is it possible to make a machine on the working of chlorophyll that uses co2 and sunlight to make food?
What is the latest research that USDS will be working on?
What are some lines in the field of research law?
What's the career scope of Medical Laboratory Science?
How was the ownership of the Google website copyright by Stanford in 1997 transferred?
How do you keep an electronic mathematical diary?
How should you preserve a coacervate in a lab?
What are some well-known idioms that have been scientifically proven to be (literally) false?
Is it advisable to sent your cv to a professor with whom you are trying to make contact for graduate admission?
What is like to be a research scientist at RSA (EMC2)?
Has numerology been scientifically tested?
What percentage of great scientific discoveries in history were made by working university professors?
What does it like concerning the future of Sci-Hub?
Has Ancient Australia been scientifically tested?
Who are the most visionary scientists or companies in life sciences research?
What are the current research in web pesonalization?
Has feng shui been scientifically tested?
Is there a correlation between living in a cold climate and scientific discoveries?
Why should lab water be RNase DNase and protease free?
What are some of the best research projects/findings in psychology?
Can cyclotron radiation be utilized for spacecraft propulsion?
Is there any peer-reviewed research about what makes voters change their mind?
What is the relationship between an experimental and a control group?
Why are there so few Indian research scholars in D-ITET at ETH Zurich, especially at PES Laboratory and Power Systems Laboratory?
What are some breakthroughs in self-wiring algorithms?
Did Medieval peasants use more calories than they took in?
What is the Wheeler-Kenyon method?
How can one fund a specific research in India?
What is the biggest scientific conundrum that the scientific community has faced till date?
How is the research culture at MIT?
Why do some scientists on the internet seem so arrogant?
Can we create infrasonic sound in lab? How?
Has space been scientifically tested?
What are the types of laboratory incubators?
If the scientific world is really in trouble, then how come there's so much progress in so many fields? (e.g. brain research, AI, alt. energy, etc.)
Has Ancient Greece been scientifically tested?
How do I bring about network based attacks in my school lab?
What is the current state of research on virtual artificial ecosystems?
Is there an example in which the scientific community believed something could never happen, yet, against all odds, it happened?
Is it possible to test a transistor in your laboratory?
What do physics researchers do?
How is the Vatican Observatory viewed by other research institutions?
How can one become Research Scientist after b.pharm?
Is it common for an author's impact factor to influence peer reviewers in single-blind review?
What are the recent researches going on in the world?
What are some uses of the beaker in a laboratory?
How would scientific research in America change under a new Presidential administration?
Has money been scientifically tested?
How can teaching be improved by social science research?
Has Ancient India been scientifically tested?
Where could I volunteer for a scientific/medical research study?
What are the measures taken to ensure that scientists aren't paid by anyone to forge studies?
Should patient data that could be used for lifesaving research be freely available to any researchers that want it?
Leading climate scientist JamesHansen say that we need to keep carbon in the ground. What are you going to do to create zero carbon energy industries?
Does Facebook invest in biology related research?
How can I find topics for research?
How do i understand scientific articles well?
Is the style of writing in "Nature" more conversational than other scientific journals?
Is doctoring a transcript for internship a criminal offence?
What are some existing and upcoming inter disciplinary subjects involving physics like i.e. econophysics?
Which are the best theoretical astroparticle physics research groups in the world? or in Europe?
Have cavemen been scientifically tested?
Is there any scientific research about ooh advertising effectivity?
Has Ancient History been scientifically tested? Is it all real? Did it happen differently than we were told it did? Did it even happen at all?
Are there any amazing scientific discoveries that are little known or have even been kept a secret?
Has Ancient Sumer been scientifically tested?
Is it a good idea to try to do research with a professor at the university I want to get in to as a transfer student and ask for recommendation?
Have astronomical bodies in space been scientifically tested?
Is it possible to create an artificial world in laboratory conditions, with stars and planets and such?
How much time do I need to develop the skills necessary to be a robotic researcher?
What are the list of laboratory test of faucets?
What is the current scientific estimate of the age of the earth?
What are some of the most important chemistry laboratory apparatus and their uses?
What is the importance of calibration laboratory?
Should people be allowed to choose which genes they want?
What are the pros and cons of pseudoscience based on Weda?
What statistical test can you perform to test the efficiency of 3 methods that is used to test the same sample?
Which types of research is popular in Artificial intelligence for PhD now?
How far will molecular biology advance in the next 50 years?
How does International Politics affect Scientific Research?
I just finished my PhD. Would it be weird if I continued to publish independently?
What process do market researchers use to test content?
Do radiotracer researchers tend to be older than researchers in other areas of neuroscience?
What are the most profound problems that scientists are facing? Also, what are the groundbreaking questions in science that need answers?
What are the pros and cons of, "the scientific method working against the religious/religiose method"?
Does a med student have the time to engage in entrepreneurial work?
What is the best way to track and monitor specific professors and scientists's latest publication?
What problems are ai researchers currently working on?
What was your greatest challenge when you switched career from academia to industry?
What are good ways to apply knowledge to creating experiments to test? What are attributes that good experiments (ideas and the process itself) have?
What caused Einstein's annus mirabilis?
Why is GMP necessary in a pharmaceutical laboratory even though they have their own GLP guidelines?
Is there scientific proof that your thoughts can affect the environment or universe?
Should I volunteer at a science center if my prime motive for doing so is having a better ivy-application?
What is the criteria for PhD in Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory?
If all the geniuses were brought back to life and were given infinite amount of research funds, would there be an increase of scientific discoveries?
What are the best sources to learn python for mechanical engineers?
What is the need for generating high voltages in laboratory?
What are the key factors to consider when investing in research organizations?
If I'm so interested in fusion energy, what books or courses should I read or study, in order, to be able to make a scientific paper in this field?
What are some great scientists that took notes?
Is the scientific research community as nasty and competitive as some make it out to be?
What is the average cost of research to produce one scientific paper in an engineering field?
Where can I go to read the latest academic psychological research studies as they are published?
What is the best way to keep up with all of the latest scientific papers and data?
How can I be a successful academic?
How can I find out what kind of research is being done in a particular university?
Which are the top trend topics in mobile robots research as of July 2016?
How should the scientific publication process be rethought to be more meritocratic?
What things historically have we said are scientifically impossible that we now do?
What is the best way to deliver negative results in a presentation (thesis defense)?
What are scientific benefits of agnihotra?
What is the best YouTube to learn scientific writing?
How can I find good scientific collaborators?
Does baking soda (sodium bicarbonate) cure or prevent cancer?
What are some of the sources from where one can receive genuine and trustworthy news updates on science, discovery, research and technology?
What is the best way to deal with rejected manuscripts that you don't intend to resubmit?
What are some of the major scientific breakthroughs to happen this year?
Is my mentor trying to steal my idea?
What are the pros and cons of, “the religious/religiose method working with the scientific method”?
What are the important skills required to become a good scientist in the field of Material Science and Engineering?
Did the late-2000s economic crisis significantly slow down aging research since Aubrey de Grey's publication of "Ending Aging" in 2007?
What will it take for a new PhD go get published in JAMA?
Is there a better alternative to the scientific method?
What is the white area on laboratory glassware for?
How is the scientific method used by scientists?
Can researchers do some no-product-related researches in Facebook?
How much time do I dedicate to an after school internship doing scientific research as a high school student?
Are there good Singaporean academics/researchers in the field of psychology?
Why are studies often done exploring questions to which answers are already known?
What are the pros and cons of, "the religious/religiose method working against the scientific method"?
What are examples of problems that can be solved by scientific method?
What percentage of data generated do researchers publish?
In cell line experiments, when do samples become independent?
I want to go for research field. Which field would be better for me, either maths or bio?
Is there a list of most frequent peer reviewed studies?
Which IIT is best for chemical engineering?
What should a scientific research begin with? Why?
How do you publish a lot of peer-reviewed research papers as a graduate student?
What makes academic genealogy so important?
The Native Americans say that at the beginning, there was not nothing, but a fog instead. Does this make more sense than the nothing at first idea?
Are our mathematical model trustable for our scientific research?
Why the researchers cannot write lector-friendly papers?
Can I do a course in biotech after mbbs or vise versa?Is it worth?
How far are we from AI that can emulate scientific researchers by coming up with new scientific theories?
When scientists test a food to see if it has exceptional health-promoting or disease-fighting properties, how do they choose what food to test?
How can I make money with my scientific breakthrough idea?
What should I opt for between B.E. Computer Science in Thapar or Int. Computer prog. in USICT (IPU) or B.Sc Physics (hons) in Ramjas (DU)?
How can one acquire research experience related to Management or Organizational Behavior online ( without being present at a research institution) ?
How should the scientific funding process be rethought to be more meritocratic?
Where can I publish my scientific hypothesis?
How do I get better at doing research?
Why has there been a slowdown in work on antituberculosis agents against nonreplicating Mycobacteria?
What do you think are the major breakthroughs in the field of probabilistic robotics in the last 15 years?
Is Aubrey de Grey right when he says that we can control aging pretty comprehensively within 20-25 years from now?
What do I do with lab data that is outside the level of detection?
Why does my water contain specks after it's microwaved?
Are there any academic researchers working on areas that are very close to being completely 'solved'?
How can I find the demand for scientific research?
What are the best researches about erythropoiesis in rats?
How can science be made more decentralized?
Is there any scientific studies showing a causality between spanking and negative outcomes?
Is there a research about researching?
In a 2005 TED talk, Aubrey de Grey said that we can achieve robust mouse rejuvenation in 10 years. How is that timeline looking like right now?
What areas of scientific research would you ban if you had the power?
What are the uses of test tubes in a laboratory?
Why is GMP necessary in an analytical Laboratory?
What are some recent big discoveries in science?
How do you compare and contrast science with pseudoscience?
What are the pros and cons of pseudoscience based on Ayurweda?
Why are so many mainstream researchers in aging skeptical of Aubrey de Grey?
What are some of the most important scientific breakthroughs made by scientists who at the time were not affiliated with any university or institute?
Where is the main scientific research on muscle testing online?
How do I find an expert to conduct a field test on my research questions?
In the event of a great new scientific discovery, which government agencies would be involved?
What was the last thing you researched online?
How many laboratories should I apply to for a postdoctoral position? (to start)
How can a freshman in high school write a scientific study and get published in a journal along the course of 4 years? Where could they get help?
Why has the western world dominated the discoveries of scientific phenomena?
What is Neuroparasitology?
Do mathematicians push the boundaries of scientific research?
What can UK scientists do to not get cut from EU projects after Brexit?
During scientific inquiry, what steps are involved?
How would students become scientific researchers 100 years from now?
What is the difference between a research lab and a research group?
How do we know these supposed facts about the pyramids? Where is the claimed city on Google Earth?
How is the transition from computational to experimental scientific research?
Where the scientific method fails?
Is it unusual to spend a research salary on equipment and supplies for the lab?
Why does scientific research always entail large amounts of funding?
Is the writing associated with scientific research creatively fulfilling?
How do you get involved with projects like The Human Brain Project and the Brain initiative?
Why do religious people at times refer to logic to support their cause even though science was built upon it?
Are there any non-prejudice labs in South Africa that allow high school students to use their equipment for research?
What should institutions and governments do to minimize the negative effect of Brexit on scientific research?
How economic systems impact the way science is made?
What should I know before starting a science PhD?
What are some topics on India that can be researched on?
Is it wise to choose an undergraduate course in Microbiology / Biophysics/ Biochemistry over MBBS/ BDS?
What are the greatest scientific mishaps of all time?
Was Michael LaCour's work peer reviewed?
My advisor is lazy and unambitious, should I leave him?
What does it mean that a scientific theory has to make a new prediction?
As a professional mathematician do you ever needed to re-learn topics of undergraduate level or lower?
What are the most exciting areas of research in Alzheimer's resesarch?
What are the advantages & disadvantages of working as the only researcher in a scientific research institute?
I would love to go into the field of cosmology but I am thirty-five and feel it may be too late. Should I give up the dream and accept it as a hobby?
What has been the most important scientific invention in the last 10 years?
What are some repetetive things you do in your research and how do you overcome it to look at the bigger goal?
Are huge international technology projects aimed at creating demand?
Are novel scientific findings becoming more expensive every year?
Is any scientific research being done on Russian-speaking immigrants in North America?
What are the benefits of doing undergraduate research?
What are some great ideas for lab reports?
If sample size is 30, for comparative studies should I select 30 cases in the test group and 30 cases in the control group or 30 cases altogether?
How do emperical and theoretical studies differ?
Is it any good to write a research paper if I have a new idea but not the exact equipments required for experimenting it?
Is it possible we're heading for a STEM glut?
Is it possible to reach research-level expertise in more than one academic field?
Can you do private scientific research if you fund it yourself?
What is the main importance and relevance of social science research?
What is the Central Food Technological Research Institute? What do they do?
Do research scientists at non-academic institutions enjoy their time as research scientists more or as grad students more?
Are there any occurrences in physics where a theoretical and an experimental result have differed from or were even contradictory to each other?
Where can I download a good brain/neuroanatomy atlas program?
As of 2016, how much do science postdocs earn around the world?
Why can't they keep Wimbledon grass better?
How does an evolutionary psychologist conduct a study?
What are pre-cancer stages or health conditions?
What are Lab safety measures?
As a masters student of the sciences, how can I become better at networking?
When will the first Invento lab start in Bengaluru?
Are there experiments that are not feasible today but future technologies can help us to build them and unravel the secret of life on earth?
What is the latest in robotics research?
What are the top five most significant scientific discoveries in the past 10 years?
Is the international journal of science and research a good option for publishing scientific papers?
What does social science research say the lack of a positive male figure in one's life, specifically the lack of a father?
How are the steps used in a scientific method described?
Are there any scientific experiments/researches to achieve women to bleed inwardly on their menses cycles?
What would you have liked to know before starting a PhD?
What are the biggest ways that biomedical research has changed ofter the past few decades?
What differences exist in the ways members of unrelated or distantly related fields of inquiry view time?
What are the main differences between computational and experimental research in science?
How can I find a summer research mentor for my Intel research project?
What is the best software to use to detect plagiarism?
Is my REU poor or is this a typical experience?
Where can one easily obtain scientific data online?
Has it ever happened that an important scientific hypothesis or mathematical conjecture was born from a random Internet comment (YouTube, Quora, etc)?
Is it common that students majoring in biology are suggested quitting the biology program in U.S.?
What are the tools and techniques (common to all researchers), a PhD scholar should know?
What are some current areas of microarchitecture research?
I want to be a scientific discoverer, but I’m not sure if I just want to feel better than others or "more important". Is there a way to test myself?
What do the metrics: 'fractional count' and 'weighted fractional count' mean when assessing the research output of a country?
Are there any online courses that teach you the methodologies for conducting psychology experiments?
How can I work with top biological researchers of india?
Can the claim that there is one mind and ours are projections from it have a scientific proof?
How credible are peer-reviewed scientifc journals?
As a researcher, what's your learning and thought process?
Is there a Scientific Method?
Can the distribution of mass (instead of Dark Matter) account for the rotational speed of planar galaxies?
If someone with whom you have discussed an idea writes a scientific paper on that sole idea, what authorship does the person with the idea get?
What topics can I research in computer graphics considering that I'm in high school, know Python and only have one year for the research?
Why do many people believe that scientific research should be carried out and controlled by the governments rather than private companies?
Can I be an editor for a scientific journal without a Ph.D?
Is Machine Learning an applied research field?
Are there any nations on earth that dedicated themselves to do scientific research?
What was the 'one' most significant contribution in scientific community that changed the way we live?
What are some scientific experiments that had mind-blowing results?
Are there any serious scientific research papers of paranormal approach?
Which is the most interesting scientific research today?
If a I detected that a fellow researcher committed copyright violations of my work, what should I do?
Does Google have a research lab in India? If yes, then in what fields is the lab currently pursuing research?
What is the process of developing a Lab on a Chip product?
After quantifying reliability via agreement coefficients or Bland-Altman, can one use a paired t-test with measurement means to compare techniques?
Can I complete a successful project for a science research competition in 2 months?
If I were so inclined to develop a drug by analyzing and testing various chemicals, what is my process?
What is the historical method and how does it compare to the scientific method?
Is Scientific American magazine worth reading?
What is transitional research? How it is different form basic research and applied research?
What is the meaning of theoretical approach?
Scientific research should be carried out and controlled by governments rather than private companies. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
Scientific research contributes to the advancement of mankind, but what benefits can studies in the realm of humanities and liberal arts bring to us?
What is the best scientific discovery?
How does public commenting on newly released journal articles affect the career prospects of those who write such journal articles?
Cognitive Neuroscience: What is the presumed success in the newly funded "Human brain project?
What Moral Boundaries do we have towards manipulating technology in medicine?
Scientific research: Is an "unimportant exception" an oxymoron?
What are some decent scientific journals with a short review period?
Has any research been done on how information flows across financial networks?
What is the "aim" in a scientific report?
How can I follow the scientific method in my daily life?
According to scientific research, what do we experience right before we die?
Is there research being done to develop frictionless materials?
What are some of the scientific advances made by Chaldeans?
Does the fact that we are not visited yet by future humans prove that time travel is not possible although that time travel is possible in theory?
What are some accidental scientific discoveries?
What are the most important scientific, business, financial, economic and political changes that will occur by the year of 2030?
What does a "hypothetical research" mean?
With a new research project in which you have little background in, how much reading do you do prior to starting a lab procedure (chem, bio, etc)?
Have all simple, general ideas in science been discovered already?
Can one do scientific research as a digital nomad?
What is a master degree in theoretical physics conferred for if there is no job opportunity in theoretical physics for its conferees?
If you had the chance to choose between a degree (or career) in Artificial Intelligence or Mathematics, what would you choose and why?
What is the preparation process of methane in a laboratory?
Could one earn a living in neuroscience or its related areas of AI working from home?
Is there a scientific peer review regarding "Vaccine Illusion by Tetyana Obukhanych"?
What is the Endosymbiont Hypothesis?
Can this simple and elegant equation turn into a Mathematical Breakthrough?
Why is atheism scientifically the right belief?
Which undergraduate courses should I join to do further research in theoretical physics?
What are some mind-blowing facts that require scientific researches?
What would be a better control system than the current peer review in science?
What's the point of scientific research when we are so powerless before nature?
Should researchers be allowed to manipulate images, if only to make the data clearer to readers?
Do colleges/hospitals/professors take in high school students for research?
Do public service, military, or other types of working dogs (animals) receive retirement or medical benefits?
How much do clinical laboratory owners make?
How difficult it is to change from mathematics to artificial intelligence?
How do I approach research if the field is saturated?
I am father to a one year old. What are some essential books and research papers I should read to become a better parent?
What are the most astonishing conclusions about reality we are forced to accept because of sound scientific data?
Why is logic is important in the field of science?
How do you handle coming to a dead end in your research projects?
What will happen when the total knowledge to be learnt in a field before contributing to it exceeds the lifespan of a human being?
What's your opinion towards some scientific theory. Do you think some are wrong?
Which are major clinical studies from India published in well known scientific journals of the world?
What is a reasonable upper limit for the number of pages in an academic CV?
Is it possible to use a single structural (equation) model for different groups and then compare results across these?
How do i get a research position with papadimitriou?
How can I publish scientific research worldwide and make scientists review it?
Is a high IQ a good indicator for success in college and grad school?
How do I do research in physics?
How do researchers and professors in universities handle egoistic and self centered research scholars in their team?
What are some up-and-coming areas of science that can be researched in the school laboratory?
How do trap URLs designed by scientific publishers work?
What exactly is a research career for someone having a MS degree from IISc?
What is a good neuroscience journal to publish review papers in?
Is there a word to describe how close particles in a medium are?
How can a Bangladeshi MBBS live and work in the USA apart from the USMLE? I'm really interested in a successful public Health research career.
Should I include being a subject in scientific research on my school applications?
What are the new generation addons to four wheel steering system?
Scientific Research: How can I find a database of "big science" projects?
What are the leaner, more agile organizational alternatives to "big science"?
What are some of the best paid scientific databases?
Which are the common points between the bible and the china study of Campbell (if there are)?
What are the most important problems in physics that recent advances in quantum computing will allow us to solve?
What is the best scientific book written to date about consciousness?
Should one study in one of the core branches like EE or non-core branches like CSE during engineering in order to pursue research later on?
How can I identify the top researchers in a given field?
What is some scifi about the future of scientific research?
What features are found in laboratories?
What are some ways to add interest to scientific or research-based content?
Could a brain be kept alive in a laboratory without a host body?
Did they ever find gravitons, or was it all just hype and hoax? If they never found gravitons, then how can gravity work? Magic? Goddidit?
Why do we need to study the Origins of the Moon?
How do I research like a research analyst from McKensey? What strategies or models do they use?
How comes so many research projects on tendinopathies are based in Australia?
What natural discoveries have you yourself made that amazed or excited you?
What are the most significant breakthroughs in the battle against tuberculosis from 2011-2016?
Are there any scientific papers on the topic of startup fundraising?
What kinds of experiments would be good to fund through Kickstarter?
Do scientists who work at Research Cores or Service Centers collaborate more often than other researchers?
How can Indian scholars make India rich in research?
What efforts have been made by the field of economics to become a scientific discipline?
Why should the government fund things like entomology?
Disregarding ethics, what would be good scientific experiment to perform on a whole population?
IIT Delhi is ranked much higher than IIT Bombay in 'papers per faculty' by QS . Does this mean that there is a greater impetus for research at Delhi?
How can I become a better mathematics undergraduate student?
What is the scientific basis for language?
What current research (if any) is being done to reduce cases of silicosis?
What are some examples of pure research and applied research?
Does the existence of the electromagnetic spectrum disprove the quanta of light idea?
What are some interesting findings?
How can I work on my lab skills in biochemistry?
What are some examples of companies tweaking scientific research to their benefit?
Why are the major scientific journals not free?
Why is it that something to be a scientific theory, it has to be falsifiable?
What is "laboratory observation" in psychology?
Is it rude to ask to be a co-author of a paper after I contributed to the project a little more than a year as an undergraduate?
How can I read scientific papers as a layman?
Like Phd stipend, is research associate salary (postdoctoral fellowship) also exempt from income tax in India?
Is it safe to look directly at the nanodrop while it is taking measurements?
Are the confounding variables when looking at biological samples longitudinally really that significant? Can they be accounted for or weighted?
What extent of innovation leads to publishable research?
What is a scientific constant?
How do I search for related images across scientific papers quickly?
What has been the most beneficial scientific advancement in the last year?
Is belief different from knowledge? If so, how different?
What are some other NYC design/ creative research studios like Tomorrow Lab or Liko Labs?
What's the best way of ensuring that your published articles get read and cited by as many researchers as possible?
Why should schools have computer lab policies?
How do I paraphrase when an article contain other references after every two or three sentences?
How will Britain leaving the EU affect scientific research?
Does a cut and paste mentality in India's education system increase the incidence of plagiarism and unoriginal thinking in Indian research institutes?
I have a piece of scientific theory written in drafts, how do I copyright my work?
Is there any scientific paper that explains the methods behind genderize.io, or any scientific documentation?
How do you think fundamental research in Physics can survive if it has no immediate applications?
What are the mathematical prerequisites for research in Intelligent Systems?
Like IBM Research and Microsoft Research, what other big or small companies do fundamental research, and also hire postdocs?
What are the most important unanswered questions in natural science that are likely to be answered by 2025?
Which universities have best researches related to built environment?
Is there something called researcher's/scientist's block?
How is the online Lab Reports facility of PGI?
When will scientists find permanent cure to joint pains?
Which major media outlet does the best job of reporting science news?
Which part of a scientific paper do you write first?
Why do we reduce Graphene oxide ?
How can scientific experiments affect society?
Is there any scientific back up or proof to the concept of After Life?
What scientific journals accept papers from undergraduate students?
How can I apply for future researches or studies?
How do you balance studying and research for the same field?
Why does theoretical physics exist?
In order to disprove magic, you would have to 100% disprove all the experiences of everyone that experienced it?
What are the components of the scientific method?
How do I pursue a career in scientific research in India? What opportunities and options are available in this field?
A researcher gave me a suggestion and I did the background research but I found contrary information. How do I approach this with him?
Which are some major breakthroughs in Optics in recent history?
I heard that IBM has launched a business research laboratory, what are the functions of the laboratory?
What equipment and other instruments would I need if I wanted to Set-up FISH Laboratory?
How much of a genius is Ed Witten when compared to Albert Einstein and Isaac Newton?
What are some great topics that high schoolers can take up for a scientific paper?
If you get a research grant, do you have to actually do the research? Do you have to submit it for publishing? If so, can you do it just anywhere?
What are the most interesting scientific studies on happiness and how it can be improved?
Is it true that innate researchers wish to live their youth twice to achieve more results that others couldn't do?
What the elegant yet awesome topics to write a paper in Data Science?
To what extent does reducing the working memory load of scientific concepts (e.g. ELI5'ing them on reddit/Quora) help speed up technological progress?
How common is it for academics to compulsively read scientific papers?
How should maintenance and use of complicated and very expensive equipment be handled in a research group which doesn't have a staff scientist?
How do I get involved in research as a CS undegrad in India?
What modern scientific theories would be violated if Hindu mythology were true?
What are the detailed course contents of the Language Laboratory course?
How competitive is a fresh PhD candidate with more second-authored and third-authored publications than first-authored publications?
Are there any online scientific paper contests for kids in fields like math and technology?
What are scientific inquiry's central features?
Have you ever been in a research talk where no-one has clapped at the end?
How are pure research and applied research different?
What happens to disproven hypotheses?
Will the groundbreaking discoveries of today and the near future seem obvious to the people of the distant future? Why?
Richard Muller: where can we see your new scientific paper on time when it is made public?
What are some examples of popular scientific misunderstandings?
Are the terms 'a priori' and 'a posteriori' used in science?
Is theoretical physics dead?
How can collaborate with a scientist in new physics theory?
Do scientific papers reveal only a small fraction of the latest knowledge in any given field?
Given that I have just completed my undergraduate degree in physics, what are some theoretical problems I can ponder upon?
What are good research topics about baseball?
What scientific fields are most likely to see important discoveries in the next thirty years?
What product breakthroughs will recent advances in deep learning enable?
What are some scientific names of protists?
As a researcher, if you saw a paper with two authors one of which had an advanced degree while the other had a B.A., what would you think?
What are some institutes that have a Central Laboratory where research scholars can work 24x7?
Is Kickstarter a good way to get scientific research funded?
What is the theoretical volume of the Na2CO3?
How significantly would obligatory yearly cancer screenings reduce deaths caused by cancer?
How do I make a scientific experiment more accurate?
What are the contribution of scientific management?
What do you consider "original" research?
Where do the Researchers search for the relevant and reliable reading resources?
How can one person or a group of people help in scientific researches through Internet?
Is it possible to diplomatically navigate having co-mentors that have conflicting theoretical perspectives on your research topic?
To what extent does fear of losing one's scientific career path drive scientific misconduct?
What are some good research programs to be part of?
My University is insisting to submit all the resources of my undergrad thesis is it Ok to submit those ?
What paperwork is required for training in National Physics Laboratory?
How do you deal with your friend stealing your research idea?
What are some laboratory instruments and what are their functions?
How can I automatically record numbers from simple digital timers?
What is the process of preparing acetylene in a laboratory?
What is the process to start a open access scientific journal?
How do scientific research and non-scientific research differ?
Why do people think the scientific method is controversial? What are some reasons?
Can anyone suggest me upcoming fields in which I can do masters related to biomedical diagnostics/biotech? My background is in clinical microbiology.
What is the importance of the laboratory apparatus? What is it used for?
What does the the word theory used in a scientific sense means?
Are faked lab results gibberish?
How big an effect would unlimited funds have for finding cures and treatments for medical conditions?
Is it possible to reproduce same pressure as center of Earth in the laboratory?
In the scientific method, what are the two types of observation?
Which Polish professors, are well known in the U.S. nowadays for their research achievements?
How do theoretical physicsts afford living when they don’t work teaching?
In a scientific experiment, how is control used?
What are examples of scientific observation?
Is it bad etiquette as a student to call a pathologist directly for research related questions?
How does science define love, loving someone?
I'm a data scientist wanting to get into scientific research. Which fields will hire me for my statistical skills?
How do researchers quantify the amount of a specific protein after an experiment?
Why is a beaker important in a chemistry lab?
What are some of the best things to visualise in maths?
What are some of the most interesting or unusual cases of peer-reviewed papers being retracted?
What are some hidden mysteries of MIT?
What are some best m.tech colledges in embedded systems without a valid gate or net score?
How significant are the findings from the Canadian study of stem cell therapy for Multiple Sclerosis (June 2016)?
How do I switch to a new field in scientific research?
How many researchers are there in the world by 2016?
Know any good scientific papers talking about social learning and environmental change?
I want to setup mechanical lab, can I place machines randomly or I have to think?
What are some peer-reviewed, scholarly articles that discuss the pros and cons of euthanasia for human beings?
What important scientific findings or thought experiments contradict common sense?
How can you spot pseudoscience and what can be done about it?
How does the theory of evolution respect the scientific method?
How long does it typically take to stain a single slide for immunohistochemistry?
How can laboratory glassware be used differently?
How one should maximize their learning when starting with Phd in Chemistry from NTU, Singapore?
Is consumerism the same as doing charity except that it drives business, generates employment not to mention the advances in scientific research?
Are women detrimental to scientific growth?
Who do you think is the most underrated scientist of all time?
Which STEM areas are undergoing a period of stagnancy and could use more raw talent?
How do I enter the medical tech research field?
What is it like to intern at Oak Ridge National Laboratory?
If you could design a new field of study, what would it be and why?
What are the current areas of research in theoretical Quantum Mechanics?
What are other methods to approach scientific problems besides a reductionist standpoint?
If someone makes a scientific discovery, what does he get in return?
How can laboratory equipment be classified?
How is science and pseudoscience alike and different?
I have developed a feature for automobiles. How do I publish it?
Do liberals embrace scientific arguments when discussing Climate Change, but reject scientific arguments when discussing when a fetus is fully human?
What is it like doing research in computational mechanics?
What is the least scientific science?
Scientists, do you admire any of the ancient scientists?
How big a deal are SJR ratings in determining the quality of a journal?
What mathematical breakthroughs have been able to be achieved since the help of computers?
How can you explain the impact of your research in a concise and accurate way?
In a laboratory setting, why must reagents be added cautiously?
Who are some scientists who are *so* completely different in their approach of pursuing science that their names should be known to everyone?
How can I research in Electronic Structure Theory?
Is it posible to master the power of inquiry?
How do I make this solution in the lab?
What are the multiple purposes of conducting a research?
What are some scientific field quantities, and how are they used?
What's the one subject that will allow me to learn the biggest number of other subjects and solve the biggest number of projects?
Where, how, or when does one learn "interpretive" skills in scientific research?
Why is scientific name useful?
I am in 11th standard. I'm interested in doing research in psychology. What are the institutes I should aim for? What do I've to do to get into them?
I'm interested in research field about astrophysics.How can I get colleges for the same?
Is autogenic training pseudoscience?
What is the closest thing to a tvtropes for scientific research (or a researchtropes)?
What are the 5 advantages of using scientific names?
How can you find inspiration to do scientific work?
Which major scientific discoveries that you know of came about by accident?
Is there a generic reproducibility crisis in science as noted in Nature, or is it limited to not so hard sciences?
Why should governments fund basic sciences?
What are the characteristics of research questions?
What is the impact factor of Iosr (International organisation of scientific research)? Is it worth sending papers for publication in it?
How is a stopwatch used in a laboratory?
What should I know about a psychological study you have conducted? Was it published?
What are some must read articles to be read in order to obtain background knowledge in ML and DL?
How to choose between 1 very interesting research project with a lesser known supervisor and 2 less interesting one with a very well known supervisor?
What is your opinion about reproducible findings in Science research?
What is the scope of research methodology?
What are the implications of the recent study showing that ego depletion may not be real?
What is Richard Muller's opinion on scientific journal access being so expensive and open source scientific journals?
How do I become a reviewer for ACL related conferences (NAACL, ACL, EMNLP)? Is there a way to submit request?
Can we let high school students perform the necessary reproducible experiments needed in science?
Is it possible for a Computer Engineer to pursue opportunities in space systems/technology?
How shall I react when a paper review comes back and a reviewer's comments are incomprehensible?
If everything that I want to learn I want to learn it deeply, should I read popular (simplified) books or go only with more technical/academic books?
What is the scientific name of freons?
What are some theories about human nature that you believe are true, compatible with scientific understanding, but difficult or impractical to prove?
Why there's no scientific research undertaken in astrology? Why there's mostly post mortem analysis with guesswork predictions going wrong?
What are some employee/intern benefits at Argonne National Laboratory?
How can I achieve Scopus impact factor of 1.2 or better?
How do you read and get the main idea of a scientific paper, and then look for succeeding related papers?
Is independent research affiliation looked down upon?
Do you have to be a scientist to sign up to Academia.edu to read a paper?
What are the current research topics in theoretical physics?
Based on current scientific advances, how long do you think it will be before we will find evidence of extra-terrestrial life?
How can Google predict our researches?
What is the meaning of "theoretical value"?
What is an example of truth that can't be arrived at and verified by scientific method?
Why is hypothesis testing important in scientific research?
What do physicists think about Neil deGrasse Tyson?
When is the best time to publish a technical paper while pursuing Undergraduate studies?
Which are books on the power or physiologic, psychologic, emotional (spiritual) effects of music genres on human body, brain, mind, cognition, etc.?
Is there a scientific work or books about thoughts externalization?
What might one find in a modern-type superpower testing facility?
What characteristics pertain to scientific research?
Does somebody know interesting research questions regarding "redundant knowledge within organisations"?
What is your take on Nature's "1500 scientists lift the lid on reproducibility" article?
Which universities are currently working with induced pluripotent stem cell?
Under EU proposals, scientific journals will be published free of charge. What are your thoughts on this?
Why does a laboratory balance measure mass?
How are scientific models used?
What is the theoretical minimum size of a star?
Which genes control the density of D1, and D2 receptor density in the brain?
What is a theoretical implication?
Is quantification more political than scientific?
What careers are available at national labs to master's students?
What is a theoretical percentage?
What are the major differences between popular science/technology/engineering books and technical/academic books?
Individualistic vs Empathatic philosophy: What are the pros and cons?
Why is the scientific method used by scientists?
How do research method and methodology differ?
What is the science behind avoiding non-veg on full moon day?
What is the difference between a “scientific fact” and “true”?
What are the most important unanswered questions in science that will likely be answered by the end of the 21st century?
What is a dropper used for in a chemistry lab?
How does one preserve the integrity of scientific research that is conducted at home, without laboratory access?
Is a Nature Letter as specialized as a research paper (scientist to scientist)?
How profitable is the medical laboratory?
What are some groundbreaking ideas that need to become a reality?
Is it bad to use and reference pirated scientific sources?
Being a civil engineer, how can I apply in IISc with an aim of pursuing higher studies in an altogether different field?
How is scientific research affected by ethics?
Does atheism contradict the scientific method?
How much of today's high-level, equation-intense economics is of little real scientific value?
How profitable is starting a diagnostics lab?
To what extent will having lots of conference presentations help a fresh PhD graduate secure a faculty position?
How long does a scientific journal take to select an editor for a submitted manuscript?
What research affiliation do I use after I graduate?
Which could be the analogue to scientific method in religion?
What is the prefered programming language in scientific research?
Is there scientific proof that humans living in warmer weather are happier?
What is the importance of comparative studies?
Why is 25-50 samples a statistically good pilot study size?
Are the days of scientific researchers working alone in small labs, and getting important results, completely behind us?
What is the protocol for contacting an author of a scientific paper to inquire about their results?
Ms. Clinton: How important is basic scientific research to your administration?
How much will it cost me to have my own laboratory?
How would a 2x or better improvement in data compression size and speed affect big data research, scientific research, and cryptography?
Which branches of science are the most egregiously underfunded in the US?
Has anybody done scientific experiments on why dogs are so attached to its human raisers?
How should I add reference/citation to my research article?
How has the scientific community received Janna Levin's work?
If a researcher asks me to write up a draft paper, do they expect it to be mostly ready? Or is a super rough draft for everyone to play with better?
How does the red tape of regulation both help and hinder scientific research?
How can we identify if a publication is based on a real or fake research data?
What are some scientific methods of thinking and discussing?
How can pseudoscience be identified?
There has been a lull in basic science research in USA. What is your plan to revive that?
What is the importance of laboratory safety?
What are the diseases that are the hardest to find a cure for?
Why do scientists use non-rigorous words such as "ultra intense"?
What is the newest scientific research on the subject of free will?
What is the use of a spatula in a laboratory?
How do you switch research labs gracefully as an undergraduate?
In a laboratory, what are the functions of conical flasks?
How can I be a productive research scientist?
What are some of Richard Muller's all-time favorite academic papers?
BSc in Physics.Wish to do MS(phy) in US. Do I need a research paper to apply to universities if I wish to go in the research field?
Why doesn't the scientific community create a public database?
When a researcher or professor says, "Oh that's easy to do". Is it a subtle insult, my personal weakness, or them just being begningly informative?
I need to build a website for a university research lab and a "back-office" for the lab members, should I use a CMS or should I start from scratch?
What are some creative solutions to scientific problems?
How did they do the research for the  Agamemno Contingency?
What scientific articles should I read if I want to know about the last History/Archeology discoveries?
If alien butt probing were a real thing, what conclusions could we draw about the planet(s) these visitors come from?
Do you know a cure for a disease that almost nobody knows?
With the science development and the posibilities to enterfere in modifing human genetics, what are the chances for making our lifes better?
What do I do if a professor submitted my scientific paper on an international conference without notifying me?
What are some potential scientific breakthroughs that, if made, would dramatically alter our world?
What are the upcoming research areas in TCS?
How can one decide which conferences are prominent & well-known for publishing computer science research papers?
What are some examples of laboratory apparatus and its uses?
Why are research works in artificial intelligence not much reusable till now?
What are the steps I need to take to control a weight sensor using the GPIO pins on a Raspberry Pi 3?
Who are some leading researchers in dyscalculia?
Why is 25-50 samples a statistically good pilot study size in biology?
What factors within our control have the largest affect on our happiness, according to psychological research?
What is it like to do research in theoretical dynamical systems?
What is the most common purpose of a scientific method?
Comparison between NASA and ISRO?
What are going to the short and long term impacts of A.I. on scientific research?
What are the reasons scientific models change over time?
What is the best source for getting introduced to Compliant Mechanisms?
What is the day of the week in which most scientific research papers are published?
What are examples of scientific inquiry?
Will increased federal funding for scientific research be a priority?
What can one do to enter medical research field in India?
Which is better: Having many second- and third-authored papers or having a few first-authored papers?
How far should governments exercise control over scientific development?
What Skill Set is required if one plans to do Research in Chemistry ?
How are research projects designed in universities?
Which one should I choose theoretical physics or material science based on scope?
In recent research, salts regulate our sleep-wake cycle & are influenced by neuromodulators. Does this have a implication for bipolar disorder?
Is there a global rating system for scientists and researchers?
Will spirituality give answers to the upcoming scientific research?
After a peer-reviewed manuscript has been accepted for publication, can it be suddenly be retracted because some researcher wants it to be withdrawn?
How can someone apply to do research with Scott Aaronson?
What is your opinion about how antioxidant potential is measured?
What are the most promising fresh water production technologies for the near future? (May 2016)
How can I convince my city to build a STEM facility for students?
How can I create a Baidu scholar ID?
Ms. Clinton: Would you fund and place a science research facility on the moon in your term?
What are the chances that a country which had done scientific discoveries isn't disclosing them to the rest of the world?
How are thermometers used in laboratories?
Why are lab technicians not listed as authors in scientific papers?
What is an example of a scientific theory that saved lives or changed things in a good way but was actively fought by its detractors?
Why are US universities/hospitals at the forefront of research compared to the rest of the world?
As a student in a lab do researchers just expect you to do most things or are they ok with a large amount of questions?
How can I join the editorial board of a specialised scientific publication?
Is independent, third-party research truly reliable and unbiased?
What is the hypothesis of convection-current?
Is the hippocampus necessary for information acquisition? Or is it more for encoding and retrieval?
What are the best methods to preserve modern scientific and technological knowledge for future thousands of years?
What constitutes laboratory test data?
How good is Harish-Chandra Research Institute?
What are the most emergent research areas in medicine?
What is a Chemical Laboratory Scientist?
Is there a scientific proof that we can heal ourselves?
How do I implement a technical paper algorithm from sratch in C++ or MATLAB?
What are some of the coolest scientific discoveries that happened by accident?
How do you conduct a theoretical discussion?
If all scientific projects had unlimited funds how much faster  would science progress?
Professors: have you ever mined an exam for experimental ideas?
What is meant by communicating in a scientific inquiry?
How was your experience attending your first academic conference?
Is there a list of the World Health Organizations laboratories?
Is it true that science never provides solutions but instead poses more questions?
Does the average Indian male youth judge a woman for using tinder or truly madly kind of apps?
I want to join some lab for IOT, is there any lab in Delhi which can help me to get some hands on experience?
Which is the best search engine for scientific research?
Do you have any websites to recommend about interesting scientific findings?
If we spent 6 trillion dollars a year on science what would be the result after 10-100 years?
What are the best charities that fund research on the biology of aging?
Is graphology a reliable method or a pseudoscience?
What are some bizarre research projects conducted by Google?
What is a research institute? How can a person start a research institute in India? What are the rules for getting foreign grants for its researches?
Who are the most famous scientific grant reviewers ever?
Will you fund NASA? Is one penny enough for our most important resource of scientific research?
Can a scientific theory be a victim of its own success?
Has the Cavendish Laboratory declined?
Is there any scientific proof for innate talent?
Is Elsevier's new multidisciplinary, all open-access journal Heliyon a respectable place to publish, or is just vanity press?
How many scientific discoveries are yet to be made?
How can scientific research be antidisciplinary but not interdisciplinary at the same time?
Which field of Science has man formally studied the longest?
Are CO2 emissions and global warming bad?
How do I write scientific review in chronological order?
How close are we to the limits of computer science advancement where no more research can be carried out?
Where can I find a list of big-picture flighty non-rigorous scientific research papers that informally discuss the subject? (and are very fun to read)
What are your experiences submitting articles to IEEE Access journal and its reputation?
What are some universities in US with excellent research in energy materials?
What is an ideal research activity log?
Why do human have period but not animals?
Does the theoretical or observed standard deviation have any practical meaning when the theoretical or observed distribution is not symmetrical?
How do researchers integrate what they read from scientific papers into their research?
Which sector of science has the best job prospects?
What are the most common laboratory apparatuses and what are they used for?
Why do I get two different scales for two SEM images with same magnification?
What are some technologies that seem impossible but are merely impractical?
What are some important researchs and researchers about deserts?
What is the common personality trait shared by musicians according to recent scientific studies?
Why does there seem to be so little scientific research and popular interest in bonobos, when we stand to learn so much about ourselves from them?
Why does the brain have the tendency to overlook the the consecutive repetition of short words in a sentence?
Where do Indian research institutes stand in a global scenario?
Can we proof sexual identity exists? (in the case where it is misaligned with the biology)
Who are some good Computer architecture faculties in India?
Is it wrong if a journal editor intentionally sent an manuscript to a reviewer opposed by the authors?
After a revised manuscript has been endorsed by the reviewers for publication, what is the likelihood that the associate editor wants extra revision?
Which scientific terms will become popular in the future?
How did China finance its defense and civil research projects before 1991's Chinese economic miracle?
What do we know now (in the natural / scientific world) that we didn't know five years ago?
Do researchers not publish critiques of papers for fear of drawing more attention to them?
Is there any scientific evidence for the existence of alternate realities?
How big a deal are end-of-year evaluations for PhD students?
What issues do researchers face in working with local rural population (in their own country or abroad), that have little outside contact?
What are the reasons that undergraduates succeed or struggle in doing scientific research?
How useful are maps in epidemiology? And why?
Is there an internet platform where people could propose high-quality research problems to academics?
How many prominent researchers start out their careers with single-authored papers?
What are some of the greatest assumptions that are still believed without any scientific proof?
Will Henry VIII ever be disinterred so scientific studies can be conducted?
How can I get an overview of a researchers research?
From a scientific viewpoint, what is the event from which we count AD years?
How long does one usually have to wait after the publication of their first paper before getting an h-index of 1?
Should I follow my teacher to do labwork or my interest to do scientific research for my grduate admission?
Why do Indian medical institutions produce so few research papers? How much truth is there in this Scroll article? 
Could it be possible to use graphene to capture radioactivity in an air purifier?
Has the scientific community decided the exact value of Avagodro's number?
What does the data science inquiry process look like at large companies and organizations?
Being an old power why couldn't Turkey develop like the West?
How does the Valdemar system of magic work and how scientific/mathematical is it?
Why is research conducted?
Is there any peer reviewed research showing that homeopathic medicines work as claimed?
What are the best published scientific papers on evolution?
Who are the best researchers in natural areas?
When and why did the rate of scientific discovery slow in the Islamic world?
In what ways can anecdotal evidence undermine scientific results?
What are current (open) issues in global placement of standard cells in integrated circuits?
What is the credibility of the International Exhibition of Inventions in Geneva' awards?
Can any scientific journal be subscribed, including by people who don't work in that area?
At what point in your life did you really start thinking beyond "tomorrow", "next month", or "next year" and instead about your legacy?
If we try to abide by all the things scientific research says is good for us then how much it will take to follow all these things?
Will journal editors allow a resubmission of a manuscript that was poorly formatted originally?
What are some scientific theories or laws that have philosophic parallels?
What is the meaning of theoretical implications?
How do social scientists find information?
Is there any experiment to show the working of photocatalyst in school laboratory?
As a researcher what are the main differences between academic and industry research you experience day to day?
Do researchers typically include standard deviations in conclusions of scientific papers?
Where can I find the guidelines for setting up an Independent Ethics Committee for a Technical Institute in India?
Have all the low-hanging fruit (major breakthroughs) in science been plucked?
How is a funnel used in a laboratory?
What are best Fab Lab products?
Which scientific discovery is most indicative of the existence of a higher intelligence?
How much does research in science labs pay?
What are the biggest mistakes in science?
What areas of scientific research and development are becoming increasingly capital efficient? E.g. cost of experiments dropping significantly
What is the process that isn't needed in an experimental research?
What were the tech breakthroughs of 2015?
Why do some researchers believe that the Kingdom Protista should be split?
What is scientific inquiry? What are the steps?
As a scientist, do you find Jane Goodall's "hands on" method to studying chimps ethical or potentially harmful to the animals?
What is the best scientific explanation for the Speed Force that could exist in real life?
As president, what would be your strategy for managing scientific research? What research priorities and organizational goals would you set?
What are some good information sources on Abiotic oil production in the earth?
What advice would you give to an undergraduate student who wants to pursue an academic career?
Will going in the line of research in electronics branch (preferably VLSI, robotics or microelectronics) earn me good money?
Why does only a small fraction of researchers/scientists/workers make significant contribution in their field?
Is there a scientific method to prove that something is fiction?
If a teenager had some decent scientific findings, where does he submit the papers if he has no affiliations to any scientific institution?
What is it like to do CS research in surgery planning/simulation?
When choosing a research project, should academics ask themselves "will this be a paper scientists will continue citing 10-20 years from now"?
How common is it for the founders of a given field to be not smart enough to understand the ground-breaking research of the field 10-20 years later?
What are the most unjustly underappreciated scientific fields, and why?
How do I scale up social science research startup?
Why is a scientific hypothesis considered a tentative claim to be tested?
If you were given the choice between working at Google or DARPA which would you choose?
When we talk about top-tier journals, are we referring to Q1 journals or the very top percentile of Q1 journals?
There are two extremes: (1)pseudoscience and (2)academic narrow-mindedness. How might our culture maintain a balance?
How does the expertise of a medical doctor differ from other experts in the same field?
Will medical science be able to arrest the aging process and greatly extend life expectancy within my lifetime?
Can I do research in physics, chemistry or mathematics after MBBS (I want to support my family but have too much interest in research)?
Is it possibile to use a longitudinal study to evaluate "the effects" or just a RCT? What are the main differences in terms of scientific inferences?
How can I conduct a research on children's brain development in India?
What are the hottest fields for research?
What does Argonne National Laboratory do?
What is the present status of development and research of science and technology in Turkey?
Why is the scientific method objective?
What is the replication crisis?
How do research questions lead to hypotheses?
What methods for learning new languages (specifically vocabulary), if any, have ever been researched in controlled experiments?
Why doesn’t the scientific community acknowledge that Ramayana and Mahabharata happened in spite of enough scientific evidences?
If you are a Ph.D. student in nutrition, what would you want an undergraduate research assistant to help you with?
Why don't scientists study female ejaculation? The myth of "squirting" as urine is widespread and female orgasms have hardly any research.
What are the best ways for a layman to learn how to conceive, construct & conduct a scientific study?
Are titles of royalty/nobility used in the names of authors of scientific papers?
Does using a solution featured in a review paper in my PhD proposal hurt originality?
What was the most major and hyped scientific discovery that turned out to be wrong?
What are some scientific discoveries that proved an alternative to "Goddidit"?
I failed my academic career (computer vision and graphics). What are my career options and how to pursue them?
Does time spent working at a national lab "count" as industry experience?
What is meant by evaluation of the inquiry process?
How can I go about creating my own lab underground?
What mathematics do I need to know for scientific research in control engineering?
What do security researchers think of Stuxnet's composition?
Can we make inference about causal effects using a longitudinal study or just RCT´s are valid?
With modern scientific discovery techniques, how could we date initiation of Simhasth?
How can I induce oxidative stress in Wistar rat Using lead (II) Acetate? What's the right dosage?
Is there a way to make an efficient and trustful substitute for blood?
How can I read efficiently a thesis and research papers as a undergraduate in mathematics/cs?
Why do some projects having no actual basis end up getting awards and honors? 
Why must innovative work be done in scientific research?
What are the current strategic directions of DARPA research?
What are the pros and cons of experimental research?
What "targets" do scientists/researchers/academics have to meet at work?
Do you believe/think that it is unethical or wrong to make humans biologically immortal, like if medicine found a way to stop and reverse aging?
How the order of authors in a scientific article establishes the degree of their contribution?
What are some of the recent scientific discoveries/new technologies which could have a huge impact on future products?
What are good scientific papers on 3D scanning?
Is there any online forum where I can connect with scientists, doctors, researchers, etc? That is, with people in all fields of science.
Who's doing the hottest research in science right now?
How seriously are single-authored research papers published in first-tier journals regarded by faculty search committees?
What is the importance of lab safety?
Where can I find a good scientific bookstore in NYC?
What do you think of the current state of research in Europe?
What are some brilliant scientific theories that, although plausible at their time, ended up being refuted?
What is more creative: engineering, or science research?
What are the needs of a medical laboratory for a better management?
What is the best research field?
Is it all right to cite unpublished Honors thesis in research papers submitted for publication?
I am pursuing my final B.Tech (Biotechnology) at Tamil Nadu Agricultural University. What are the PG courses I am eligible for through ICAR AIEEA exam?
Why does Germany separate its top level research institutes from its universities unlike the rest of the world?
What is the authorship convention for academic publications in your field?
How can I convert rectified spirit to absolute alcohol?
How do you present your defense technology to DARPA?
What are some uses of theoretical research?
How does it feel to study in the USA as a master/PhD student? (biology or related subject)?
Why there is no culture of research in Ayurveda?
Have there been any materials or phenomena encountered in space that were not already discovered or known about on or from Earth?
Is there any effective virtual lab for scientific research?
What are some good, ground breaking researches happening in Chennai? (Irrespective of the field of research)?
Are there some skills from hypnosis or NLP that can be applied to the writing of an scientific paper?
I dropped out of college and I am now 21, but I really want to do research in science. Is it still possible?
Why Ayurveda does not work if it is scientific?
Is it pertinent to oppose "concept" to "construct" when trying to elaborate a theoretical base for something?
What should I offer to my professor coming into his laboratory in Japan?
How did people write scientific publication before LATEXLATEX\LaTeX?
What are some good academic papers in economics and finance that use difference-in-difference methodology?
What's your approach to writing a scientific paper in a topic you're not familiar with?
I am an internal medicine resident and I want to do basic science research as a career. Should I get a PhD or try to find a lab to post doc?
What is it like to work in a photo lab?
What are the current main areas of research in real analysis?
What does a nutrition Ph.D. student do while in the recruitment phase of a study? What other duties do they have (teaching, etc.)?
What are the similarities between social science research and natural science research?
What is the best plant biology grad school? What are factors to consider for going to grad school, specifically for plant biology
How do I prepare for the next scientific/research job?
What are the best ways for a layman to learn scientific method?
How can a scientific paper have copyright protection?
Should publicly funded research be freely available?
Lots of statistics methods depend on assumptions of independence - what are some tricks for handling cases when you can't assume independence?
Why is science so often equated with atheism?
If I make a scientific discovery (Regarding Light to be precise), where do I get this discovery patented so that no one other can claim it?
How well do Skype interviews work for recruiters to select the right candidates in technical research jobs?
What are some good books for Character Recognition?
How true is the scientific study which says people who are impressed by wise-sounding or profound quotes are linked with low intelligence?
How far is Newton's physics valid today?
How do scientific discoveries change the views of the world?
How do one instill scientific questioning in Ayurvedic minds?
How scientific is psychology?
Why is scientific study an ongoing process? How is it done?
Why were Michael Crichton's predominantly anti-science novels so popular?
What is the best training for writing scientific papers?
A friend of mine believes that a scientific theory is less credible than a scientific law, is he correct?
Why are science-associated cultural movements often vilified or portrayed as "fringe"?
What is the current consensus on the concept of "empty space" between particles?
What are the electronics news researches?
Are there any scientific discoveries that you wish hadn't been made?
Why there is no scientific growth in Ayurveda?
What is it like to do a postdoc at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory?
Can prosthetic limbs be as advanced as the ones in Deus Ex?
How do I do research which is not directly related with advisors domain?
Is Scientific programming a good career choice for a BS?
How does scientific inquiry differ from non-scientific inquiry?
What are the pros and cons of research science vs industrial research (pharmaceutical companies etc.) as a career in biology?
What are the biggest research discoveries in recent neuroscience?
If I have a hypothesis in mind , how do I get it to be experimented on?
How can I get grant for an international Conference?
What is production research? How is it done?
How do I prepare to get a job in one of the good research lab?
I would like to do something pertaining to Physics this Summer, but every REU I applied to denied me. What are my options?
What is F1000 prime and how does it work?
Why cant vedic scholars come with a scientific discovery, that can enhance the current human understanding?
What are the most risky scientific experiments ever conducted?
Which exams would get me into research field after 12th?
Why do you use beakers in a lab?
What effects will the most recent scientific findings about same-sex parents have on politics and law in America?
How long will it take for science to figure out how sexual orientations are determined? What will happen if science proves it is genetic?
Do faculty hiring committees in engineering and science at Ivies & likes only consider graduates from similar schools (ivy & likes) for  positions?
Why are there limitations to all scientific models?
Who are some people that work as scientific researchers, then work as something else for years, and then go back to work as scientific researchers?
How common is it for PhD students to finish their PhD with just one first-authored research publication?
What is the strangest use of a body donated to science?
What is it like to work in a research lab for boeing?
What are some good research proposal topics for college-level writing?
I want to be a neuro-scientists and makes researches on the Alzheimer-disease. Which field do I have to study?
What would be the simplest scientific experiment conducted by a lay man to determine that the time has been altered and we all are living in the past?
I am interested in Physics, and want to do research in Nuclear Physics, what are the most demanding fields related to physics and research currently?
How common is it for grad students to find collaborators to co-author research papers with at conferences?
As a student, what is required to conduct a scientific research in physics or biology?
What is the status of stochastic electrodynamics? What work is being done? Are the ideas viewed with respect?
What are the scientific fields that are involved in oceanography?
Will Intel continue to support ISEF past 2019?
When writing a scientific paper, how can you distinguish between what should go in the results and what should go into the discussion?
Does agriculture really account for 51% of greenhouse gas emissions?
Where can you find summaries of the leading ideas for each academic field?
What will be the usual pass mark for PSUC lab 1st year, manipal?
Where can I find some information on the pitching delivery from a published source?
Who is the most decorated (living) scientist?
How do you determine real science from pseudoscience?
How much pressure is there at IBM Research on researchers to work on projects that can churn out attention-grabbing headlines?
How good is the brain research in Aalto university, Finland?
Which one has more evaluation value, ACS or RCS scientific journals?
How are methods and methodology different in a research?
How can the efficacy of antiseptics be tested in a laboratory?
What kind of research was done using class E addressing?
Why is froth flotation still so intensively researched?
College Professors: Would you be willing to let a high-school student intern over the summer if (s) he has finished a lot of high-level courses on edX?
Is a scientific theory the only kind of understanding?
How does having lots of third-, fourth-, and fifth-authored peer-reviewed articles boost one's chance's of getting a faculty position?
Is there a company that grow growth factors in their lab for you?
Has there been a scientific study on the inherent traits of different human races?
If a biological research is nonreproducible, how can it be scientific?
Who was the Peoria housewife who brought the mold to scientists making it possible to start producing antibiotics in larger scale?
Should I contact professors directly for a research spot in their lab?
How do I learn to conduct more experiments?
Which scientific breakthroughs were not inevitable?
I'm researching on what families, schools and cities are going to be like after 30 years from now. Any suggestions for scientific articles/sources?
How might university and educational system change in the future?
How is pseudoscience different from psychology?
What is the difference between laboratory and workshop?
How do descriptive and experimental research differ?
What are some of the biggest scientific breakthroughs in recent years?
How does a scientist organize their research notes and documents?
What are all the possible applications of human urine?
Is there a comprehensive and up-to-date list of peer-reviewed scientific studies performed on specific types of soft drinks and osteoporosis?
Are there any scientific organization or individual researchers which look for the existence of God and Soul?
Who are the best people to follow who write about laboratory techniques in biology?
Who are some interesting ISEF alumni?
Is it important for to have CS-specific research experience for CS grad school admissions?
What are the components of scientific inquiry? What are their functions?
How is laboratory equipment maintained?
I want to become a researcher. How can I join the research field after completing my b.tech?
What are common complaints in the field of neuroscience?
Do breakthroughs in linguistics ever lead to biological breakthroughs (eg physiology of the mouth, speech development, etc)?
Are academic textbooks current with all the new ideas or only provide theories mostly accepted by the majority?
What are the difficulties faced by academic researchers when looking for job opportunities on corporations?
What are few websites suitable for researchers to get more citations?
What does an armed society hold for the future of America’s democracy and what does this mean for democratic institutions?
What are the best lab view teaching institutes in Bangalore?
How are scientific models useful in explaining aspects of the real world?
What sources should I use to being fully informed about new and old psychology researches?
How do I find top researchers in EECS field?
What are the current and future research in QCD?
Can you do research in a lab with a horticulture degree?
Is it appropriate to say that any Scientific Theorem/Law can exist only if it has a "Mathematical proof"?
If a theory was proven to be true without the scientific method, would it be any less valid?
Are there any research labs in India?
Which physics departments has the best opto-electronics research laboratory?
What do you think was the most important scientific discovery of the twentieth century?
Who are some people who design and conduct scientific research part-time?
Does PubMed assign unique author IDs?
Why is a scientific experiment that disproves a hypothesis also useful?
Where can I find a good research about Fizzer Virus?
What further research has been able to challenge or verify the findings in the Framingham dataset?
What is scope of inquiry?
Any suggestions on a theme for my project of studies?
Who supported the use of the scientific method?
How does having lots of third-, fourth-, and fifth-authored peer-reviewed articles boost one's chance's of getting a faculty position?
Is there a company that grow growth factors in their lab for you?
Can I join a technical university as a faculty in India after having experience of 2 years as a component designer in Automobile industry?
Which is the most relevant and rewarding scientific field that a skilled seismologist (MSc) could work on, apart from seismology-geophysics?
What are some major application of flexible electronics?
How do I concentrate longer while reading scientific articles?
Do you believe that scientific inquiry is declining amongst today's youth, why or why not?
What are common complaints in the field of neuroscience?
How do I write a good cover letter for a post doctorate research position?
Are there any places in the Bay Area where high schoolers can participate/assist in scientific research?
What happens to a research field if funding is approved only for projects in line with a political agenda rather than the neutral quest for knowledge?
Is there any scientific research that proves or disproves that humans are born with a moral system?
Are there any solid scientific studies to show benefits of coffee consumption outweigh the negatives?
Is manmade climate change a scientific theory, a scientific fact or scientific law?
The NIH funds research but can the public access NIH reports from funded research or SBIR Programs?
Are there researchers working on the genetics of human intelligence? What progress have they made?
What are the greatest database breakthroughs?
Why am I experiencing rejections for PhD position in Europe?
What should be on a checklist for supervising a student's research?
What is an acceptable percent error during scientific research?
How many people in the world do scientific research?
Why does a scientific hypothesis have to be falsifiable?
Which research labs work on tendinopathies in France?
Is it possible to access Classified scientific research (Military/Corporate) through Deep web?
Are there any papers on functional studies of cytotoxic lymphomas?
Does scientific research cost more to publish and publicize when written primarily by women and people of color?
Are scientific and medical establishments an unassailable authority that is not to be questioned or challenged?
Where can I find some information on the pitching delivery from a published source?
How do you determine real science from pseudoscience?
How much pressure is there at IBM Research on researchers to work on projects that can churn out attention-grabbing headlines?
Why are statistics important in research?
How good is the brain research in Aalto university, Finland?
Which one has more evaluation value, ACS or RCS scientific journals?
Is it really necessary to get at least 10 top-tier journal publications in order to secure a job as an assistant professor?
How could I find the most referenced and the most authentic academic papers and articles in different branches?
In university laboratory, how large is considered a large chemical spill?
What type of scientific advances would be required for the average human lifespan to double?
What is the point of academic research if their findings are far behind the industrial research?
What are the qualities of a good scientific paper?
Is it fair that the Nobel prize committee consistently ignores Islamic nations?
What are some topics I can make my project of studies on?
What are some of the biggest scientific breakthroughs in recent years?
Has The History of the Laboratory been written?
Is the use of lower case typical in science lab reports?
Has anyone ever had to use the lab safety shower in a chemistry lab that did not have curtains?
Which twin studies have been most valuable to medical knowledge?
Can science explain life's mysteries?
How do PhD students do great research and publish without any fellowships or research grants?
Who are the best people to follow who write about laboratory techniques in biology?
What is low-tech lab?
How much does it cost to set up a Living Lab?
Which research labs work on tendinopathies in the United States?
How possible is to expand/promote amateur biological research? Please see the example below.
How can I get access to scientific papers for free in high school?
Is it true that Asian researchers generally get their first first-authored journal publication at a later age than Western researchers?
How does bioethics affect scientific research?
What are some impactful ways of promoting research culture in your sphere of influence?
What is non-empirical research? How is it performed?
What are the benefits of taking an advanced introduction research course? Should I take it? Why or why not?
What are the most influential scientific fields in the world?
What makes a good geologist?
Can a theoretical physics student find a place in an experiment research group?
Is my biology research idea good(blueprint below)?
Who are the leading researchers / research institutes that look into the relationship of modern psychology with Buddhist practice?
Is there any scientific proof for Murphy's law's validity?
I want to go to in to the research field, Recently I had done B-Tech and I am planing to do P.hd How can o approch it?
What are the top theories competing with the Big Bang Theory?
What is scientific content?
What kind of research was done using class E addressing?
What can be the consequences of scientific knoledge?
Do scientists worry about jeopardizing their career?
Has there been a scientific study on the inherent traits of different human races?
Why is scientific research referred to as "organized curiosity"?
Should I feel guilty for downloading papers from sci-hub or other paper sharing websites?
How should a HS sophomore in computational neuroscience pick a lab to join among 4 very desirable options?
Which research labs work on tendinopathies in the Bay Area?
Is science getting closer to curing Alzheimer's disease and will it be achieved?
Epidemics: How are Ebola virus and Zika virus similar and/or different? What common techniques can be used to combat such epidemic causing viruses?
What are some of the most well known independent academic research institutes?
Do you need some kind of scientific degree to publish a scientific theory?
What would happen if someone with no credentials published proof that an existing theory was wrong (in the scientific community)?
Is there a comprehensive and up-to-date list of peer-reviewed scientific studies performed on specific types of soft drinks and osteoporosis?
What is interesting about research as a career?
How can one start research on its own without taking admission into any institute or any guide?
What are the most popular universities among SSP alumni?
In order to get a GATE stipend, what is the extra work that one needs to do; like research for 8hrs a week or something?
Can you do research in a lab with a horticulture degree?
What is the most influential scientific paper ever written?
What is the difference between theoretical and empirical research?
Which research labs work on tendinopathies in Los Angeles?
What effects will the most recent scientific findings about same-sex parents have on politics and law in America?
Do projects from BIOMOD or iGEM ever get applied in real life or published in a scientific journal? And what does it take to commercialise an idea?
What's the difference between theoretical science and using the scientific method?
Can you suggest me some creative science research topics?
What supporting evidence is there for red/blue shift?
What are some examples of scientific principles?
What is the status of stochastic electrodynamics? What work is being done? Are the ideas viewed with respect?
Why are scientific models are important?
A 6th response option ("I don't know") was added to a 5-point Likert scale. Is the data lost? Must records with "I don't know" selection be discarded?
What are the functions of test tubes in a lab?
How are methods and methodology different in a research?
What are some important findings in Material Research Society (MRS) 2016 Spring?
How do I know if there is a scientific conference in my major to attend it?
Do you have some small observations on experiments that you find interesting throughout your years spent in research laboratory?
What are the current researches going on to understand effeminacy?
Which research labs work on tendinopathies in Boston?
Can thermite form and ignite spontaneously under the right laboratory conditions?
What are the next big trends in materials science?
Which scientific breakthroughs were not inevitable?
How is pseudoscience different from psychology?
How does Heart rate range or values affect our moods?
What are some uses for a test tube outside of a lab?
What are Thomas Cormen's professional achievements, scientific discoveries, awards etc.?
What are the best lab view teaching institutes in Bangalore?
What are the factors a judge will consider when weighing academic proof?
What are the functions of a biology laboratory? What kinds of testing can be or is usually done?
Can an MD do research?
What is meant by "the reproducibility" of data?
Is there really such a thing as scientific proof?
How can you daily balance (PhD) studying between urgencies e.g. deadlines or cfp, research for thesis and non-urgent but to-be-studied-daily subjects?
Has anyone published a scientific paper with a collaborator that they met through Quora?
Should a scientific paper invariably contain mathematical or empirical formulas?
Should self-retractions be treated differently from other retractions?
What is the latest part of your research(published/unpublished) that you find most intriguing/interesting or worth informing people with excitement?
What is the scientific name for Aster?
Any interesting cases that highlight the science community dismissing theories that proved to be correct?
Is the QS World university ranking authentic and taken seriously by senior professors, hiring committees, employers etc.?
Dear Scientist, Is it possible to reverse CHANGES(climate change, industrialization, etc) ?
What are some apps that will keep updating me about amazing findings or scientific information?
Where can I find raw data of this study that concludes that vaccines do not cause autism?
What are some of the basic laboratory tools and apparatus used in science?
Do food preservatives and colorings cause cancer?
Is the argument that "the obsession with p-values is ruining science" valid?
What is the reputation of the journal "Studies in Computational Intelligence" by Springer?
When was the Torah (Pentateuch) sealed according to recent scientific research?
What is the biggest scientific discovery that we are currently on the verge of making?
What's the hardest science experiment you have ever done?
What are the effects of fluoride on nitrate in saliva?
Was the Avian or Bird Flu the product of the Biological Research Lab in Boston?
Is my cover letter for research scientist positions in medical imaging/computer vision in industry or non-profits, good enough?
What gadget or a particular technology (can be more than one), when you used for the first time proved to be a revelation?
What are the functions of a chemistry laboratory? What kinds of testing can be or is usually done?
Have there been scientific studies done to explain the phenomenon of the seventh year itch?
What is Scientific Forming?
What is the acceptance rate for the Journal of the American Statistical Association?
How do you push a country in the area of scientific research and development, particularly in developing countries?
Which leads to higher computer engineer salary later: being a former employee of an agency (CIA/NSA) or a national lab (Lincoln Lab, INL)?
Should the government place any restrictions on scientific research and development?
What is the advantage of having an interferon system?
What are highest rated science magazines for Machine Learning / Data Science?
Is there anyone who got an admission into IISc. Bangalore through AIPMT?
Why would scientists use a triangle-shaped beaker instead of a round one?
What is the importance of having a control group in experiments?
Is it safe to say that burnt plant-based food, like coffee and activated charcoal to rid of poison, does not cause cancer and burnt meat does?
Is it possible to build an Opensource scientific research platform?
Can people with great technical and math skills make more impact in a field like systems biology than those who were trained as biologists?
Does IISc take admission through AIPMT marks? If yes, how much is the cut off?
How can a high school student get involved in computer science research?
How do I evaluate a conference before submitting a scientific paper to it?
Why, largely in scientific literature, is "on" placed before a title that could stand alone (i.e. On the Origin of Species)?
What percent of AI risk research is "useless"?
What are some of the most important scientific and/or philosophical contributions made by prussians?
What is the North American equivalence of European Framework for Research careers?
What everyday situations can use the scientific method?
How could an organization perform legal human experimentation? What about illegal experimentation?
Is there a physicist/astronomer who was a bad student in terms of marks and struggled through studies but made significant scientific impacts later?
Which research areas are growing most rapidly? And which will they be in 10 years?
As a freshman high school student, how can I get involved in scientific research?
What is the dark matter of bioscience?
What are some available summer internship for scientific research in biology in New Delhi?
What are Ron Maimon's contributions to scientific research?
My sister is always seeing number 44 after our father died . Why?
Eating late in the day causes weight gain is common wisdom. Has this been proved by genuine research or has someone experienced this without doubt?
Why isn't there no single laboratory test for autism?
What are some hot topic examples of research in the field of law?
What does making a scientific model involve?
What is the current research topic you have ongoing? What motivated you to pursue that?
Which is the most out of the box weaponisation of a scientific theory?
What are some of the best known scientific theories?
What is the most important scientific equation?
What are the known and unknown bio-metric systems being used and researched at this time?
Why do scientists use the scientific method? How is it used in different areas?
What is the impact of peer belief in scientific research?
What is the best scientific method to address the roles of lifestyle in health and diseases?
What are some good online resources for researching things about children and the gender identity process?
Is it worthy to refactor code for academia?
What ways do you know to detect radiation exposure in radiological laboratories?
What is the fairest way to fund scientific research from the perspective of the general public?
Does anybody use Kanban for chemical research?
What is theoretical evidence and how is it used?
How many scientific attitudes are there and which is the most important and why?
How do I refer a chapter or section within the same paper in scientific writing?
Graduate School Education: Are PhDs outside US or Europe disadvantaged compared to PhDs within their countries? Are there good postdoc/professorship to get in Western countries?
What are the current research trends in Internet of Things?
Are the terms 'ectomorph', 'mesomorph' and 'endomorph' accepted and used by the scientific community?
Do top level researchers use psychedelics to come-up with new ideas particularly in fields like AI?
What is like to do a theoretical physics internship?
Should scientific research carried out by government?
What are the limitations of meta analysis in scientific research?
Is there any scientific proof behind Gemstones?
Is chaos theory an active scientific field and if so what are some recent interesting developments?
What are some potential applications of deep learning in bioinformatics you think scientists have not really looked at?
What are some simple scientific experiments I can conduct myself without any special knowledge or equipment?
Why do governments spend so little on scientific research?
What is a scientific law? What are some examples?
What is the best option for a master course in theoretical physics: Oxford's master in math. and theoretical physics or Cambridge's Part III tripos?
Does a database of unpublished scientific studies exist?
What are the equivalents of the CNRS (french national centre for scientific research) in other countries?
Can abstraction and mathematical/computational models replace lab work as the source of new scientific ideas?
I have received an offer to review a paper. I have papers in the related field but topic of the paper to be reviewed is new for me. Should I review?
Is Heartmath pseudoscience?
How do people write research papers?
What big breakthroughs are being held back by tiny obstacles?
Which are the best research institutes of science in india?
How do I create a dust free lab?
What is a scientific law? How is it applied?
Why to join science research?
Do you have to pay if your research manuscript gets rejected by one of the "Frontier" open-access journals?
What is meant by ISSN number of a scientific journal?
What do you know about the culmination of any piece of research?
How do you approach learning a new subject?
What is the best way to read an organic synthesis paper?
Wouldn't it be nice if Quora created a section where new research ideas are discussed?
What is it like to do research in algorithms?
What is the social science behind social scientists usually marrying other social scientists?
Is there a way to get access to scientific papers in different disciplines without paying a lot of money?
How many lab test get done in the us each year?
What are some publications that started a new field of research?
How do I go about researching the effects of Deep slow breathing?
Do you download more scientific papers than you can read?
Is the real story of Vitamin C scientifically sound?
How long does it take evidence produced from novel scientific techniques to be recognized as valid in courtroom proceedings?
What is a specific example of group theory's applications in theoretical physics?
What are some books and other learning resources on designing scientific experiments?
Which [scientific] researches have been performed, with glaringly wrong conclusions?
How to go about choosing a lab mentor/advisor?
Scientific Research: What skills should a high schooler learn to work on sophisticated science/engineering research?
What does theoretical aspects mean?
What is most important in science and research field, hard working or being intelligent?
What is the difference between a citation and a bibliography?
How do researchers build their networks?
Would you like to read about green chemistry? And how does it interest you?
How long will it be until DeepMind can contribute to scientific research?
How can I label a retained sample room in Quality Laboratory?
How often does the research direction change than the original goal?
Is there a scientific proof that science exists as more than an abstract concept?
What protocol do scientific researchers follow in order to gain practical skills outside their area of expertise from other research laboratories?
What do you know about the similarities and differences between the scientific research paradigm and the interpretivist research paradigm?
I am wondering about the future of the world; what will be our scientific discoveries like? What will be our technology like? How will they affect us?
Will Quora users support and fund mad scientists?
How do researchers define their communities?
What would be the most ridiculous scientific theory which nevertheless is found to be true?
What do non-scientists think of scientists researching little known topics?
What is the difference between the art of living and the science of living?
Is Human a Machine according to the pseudoscience?
What does the scientific process involve?
How sun is created in laboratory theoretically?
How do I determine scientific implications of my theory?
What's the best online site I can use to find scientific information?
How hard is it to become a researcher of Physics? What are the difficulties in being a researcher? Where can I conduct research, and for whom?
What are the factors that causes data inconsistency in distributed platform/application?
How we can take help of science to go one ahead in life in less time ?
Why can't I access chapters 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11 of this book using Sci-Hub?
What's the pseudoscience about English (language)?
Who are some top researchers besides Isaac Held in atmospheric dynamics at GFDL/Princeton?
Do you think that it could be possible to create a language that anybody can understand without having learned?
When studying a scientific paper do you try to do the calculations on your own in order to fully understand it?
Can some refer or [re]call pseudoscience as pShudro-science?
Are modern day science writers and scientists pressured to be politically correct even if it means potentially compromising the truth?
What all steps need to be taken to improve the research scenario in India?
What are the things one must know before conducting research interviews in India?
Why don't more researchers publish lists of open problems in their field?
How can l learn about scientific research?
Which pseudoscience were racially, racistly, radically, religiosely and/or reshikshitly automated? Which of these are uncontrollable and unchangeable?
What can researchers from all over the world do to advance the state of humanity?
How important is imagination in science?
What is the role of researchers in an university?
How do you come up with research ideas in hydrogeology?
What are some examples of a scientific field that combines social science and natural science?
What data science methodologies can be directly applied to scientific research?
Noam Chomsky: How great a threat can unverified scientific speculations that serve special interests have and how can the scientific community mitigate this?
When is scientific theory accepted as a Law of science?
Which is the most accessible field in theoretical physics for an undergraduate student to get involved in and do research?
What are general topics in english lab?
What is a new research going on in field of electical?
How is the suffix "phage" used and what is its scientific meaning?
Physics: Chinese scientists claimed definitive discovery on anti-matter. Why did this not trigger a sensation like the gravity wave detection? 
What are some experimental research topics?
How does an individual become a master researcher?
What are the functions of a electronics laboratory? What kinds of testing can be or is usually done?
What kind of academic reputation do the Max Planck Institutes have in your field?
Physics: What does the recent finding of Curium holds in Science?
How can I find the top 100 researchers in my field (using h index)?
What are the functions of a physics laboratory? What kinds of testing can be or is usually done?
How do you approach learning a new subject?
Will biomedical graduate schools match other schools' fellowships/grants after being accepted?
Research: how can you avoid being set up for failure?
What is the life of a scientific diver like?
What are the career prospects in research field after doing MBBS?
Xavier Amatriain: How did you get your start in research?
Could a purely scientific government work?
What are the new areas of research in the field silver nano particles?
Has Quora contributed to scientific discoveries?
Why is research perceived to be tough? Which aspects of research do you consider to be challenging and why?
What is the difference between the art of living and the science of living?
What do I do with a college physics lab partner that is just a project hogger? Should I confront him about it?
Is Human a Machine according to the pseudoscience?
What is the best laboratory software?
Do you know of anyone who became an entrepreneur and then a professor?
To what extent do NUS' professors care about their PhD students' publications?
How can someone make money from having a small robotics research lab?
Who are some top researchers besides Isaac Held in atmospheric dynamics at GFDL/Princeton?
Can some [re]call Pseudoscience as pShudroscience as spirits-souls are/were (forcibly, archaically) involved in/through it?
Where do experts of certain fields meet to discuss cutting edge research?
Academia: What is it like to be an expert in a dying field?
How important a role do variables play in a scientific experiment?
Apart from excellent research, what factors are considered by Harvard Society of Fellows selection committee?
How do you know which part of a circle with a wall of variable thickness is the thinnest?
What are some experimental research topics?
Physics: Chinese scientists claimed definitive discovery on anti-matter. Why did this not trigger a sensation like the gravity wave detection? 
How is the suffix "phage" used and what is its scientific meaning?
What qualities are necessary in research for a variable to constitutes a proxy for another unmeasurable variable?
Is there a scientific word for the absence of sound in Space?
Which approach in researching SLL is favored by most researchers?
Has there ever been a credibly and legitimately documented supernatural event?
How can I access scientific publications & datasets funded by US Federal Government?
What is the significance of a Plank length and is there a consensus about whether they exist?
How has scientific research helped people to preserve the environment?
Are there any research lab, park that can help entrepreneur to build tech product in India?
What aspects of Prospect Theory are the most active for researchers at the moment?
Would you advise someone to enter or avoid a science research field?
What are some of the scientific things that are discovered and have potential but no further research have been made?
How are scientific discoveries made?
Has anyone reproduced a biological evolutionary process in a laboratory?
Do A/B  tests "need" to be made in the same time to be valid according to scientific method?
What are the names of famous brain researchers?
Can a scientific theory become a scientific law? When does a theory become a law?
How often does the research direction change than the original goal?
What branch of the US military/government does the most secretive scientific research?
What is the appropriate amount of scientific rigor for life science research?
For non-academic purposes, how do you come up with a research topic and research the topic?
Scientific Research: Does science believe in God and Ghost?
What's the pseudoscience about English (language)?
Are modern day science writers and scientists pressured to be politically correct even if it means potentially compromising the truth?
How does one accurately forecast the future? Is there a scientific process that one can follow?
What's the scientific explaining of syphon effect?
What is best scientific research that is been in Electrical engineering?
Research: What is the one thing I can focus on that will help me become a better researcher?
What are some good scientific journals dealing with metabolism and neuroscience?
What is your opinion on the recent PLoS ONE issue, a (retracted) article saying that hands are the “proper design by the Creator”?
What is the difference between shaping and facing in a manufacturaing lab?
Since the publications section is so vital for so many academic scholars, why not just have it in the CV and delete all the other sections?
Are there modern-day examples of mainstream science having applied the label of pseudoscience to a hypothesis that ultimately turned out to be true?
What are the top 10 biggest scientific news/events/discoveries of 2015?
How can one be completely sure that they like doing scientific research?
How does an experimental group and a control group differ?
Do you download more scientific papers than you can read?
What is the difference between method and methodology in research?
What are some common methodological problems in scientific studies?
Are there any scientific studies on the herb sumac?
What are the pros and cons of working in a big physics/astronomy collaboration as a PhD student?
Has MSR any researcher working in California?
What does Los Alamos National Laboratory do?
Which are/were the various occult-vendetta knowledge and pseudoscience (tantra[-maha]-vidya) running in the Indian country? Brief each of them that you have heard or know about. e.g.: Baglamukhi Tantra Vidya/Mahavidya.
What exactly does a scientific law describe?
How do I write a scientific research paper independently on Aeronautics?
Is there a more recent version of the Map of Science?
Would a purely scientific approach to politics work?
How can I start scientific research?
What scientific breakthroughs, if any, have been made by the Spanish?
Can some refer or [re]call pseudoscience as pShudro-science?
What's a good, open source stats program that can replace SPSS for the casual researcher (i.e. a non-coder)?
How do you learn a new topic and how do you find ideas for projects to do in that topic?
Which pseudoscience were racially, racistly, radically, religiosely and/or reshikshitly automated? Which of these are uncontrollable and unchangeable?
In your experience, what is the best meta-analysis software out there?
Why do scientific discoveries seem to happen simultaneously in different places?
Noam Chomsky: How great a threat can unverified scientific speculations that serve special interests have and how can the scientific community mitigate this?
Which website posts recent research results in articles?
What are the most exciting directions in life extension research?
How could someone prove the existence of "orgone energy"?
How is it like to work at Fraunhofer? Do they hire recent undergrads?
What are the Concept of scientific research?
Physics: What does the recent finding of Curium holds in Science?
Can the U.S. military force soldiers to participate in human experiments?
How much do scientific researchers earn in India?
How advanced would the world be if all the combined defence budgets went into science?
What is a scientific law? How is it applied?
How much science is controlled by corporations trying to prove false results, like the cigarette companies did in the past?
How many lives have been saved by the sale of uranium?
What are some scientific articles in biology that Quorans like?
What are ten rule that all successful scientific researcher should have?
Are there any researches going on for anti-gravity? If yes then is there any progress?
What is your competence/field in electrical engineering and why did you choose it?
What does Einstein theory of gravitational waves actually mean?
Is Ces in general, and Alpha Stim in particular, supported by science for the treatment of Depression, Anxiety, Stress, Fibromyalgia, sleep and pain?
Is it safe to say that in 20 years, not much will change in medicine like the way we treat cancer and other un-treatable diseases like Huntington's?
What is most important in science and research field, hard working or being intelligent?
How competitive is the ICFO's Institute of Photonics Science Summer Research Programme?
How common is it for traditional Chinese medicine prescriptions to be tested by double blind randomized control trials?
Is there a scientific proof that science exists as more than an abstract concept?
Will Quora users support and fund mad scientists?
Are the Helmholtz centers for research in Germany doing good research? It is lab specific in most cases but what is the general opinion about them?
How do I determine scientific implications of my theory?
How can I become involved in research being done on the autism spectrum, especially with regards to women on the spectrum?
Can we artificially grow bones?
Can experimentation be trustful?
What is the best statistical method for choosing an element who has Multiple properties?
Does a scientific publication provide protection of intellectual property that is in the publication?
Why is skepticism important in scientific thinking?
Is anybody interested in Space & StarTram? I am doing research in these areas, would you like to co-operate?
What is income tax deduction of depreciation for scientific research?
Why don't we use some scientific method to choose the president of the country?
How is the future of scientific research with many conflict of interests in financial funding?
Which U.S. presidential candidate would be most detrimental to funding of science and space exploration?
How do I find a professor to be my research tutor about geodynamics?
What can be done if we are not able to reproduce the results of a base paper? (I follow the methodology but not getting the results as stated by paper)
What's the level of any languages that help me to read and study researches?
Austan Goolsbee: How can we better fund scientific research in the U.S.?
What is a computer lab monitor?
What is a scientific city?
What are some of the most interesting organisations that I can lecture about to my 16-17 y/o classmates?
If my paper is not very impressive but still novel, should I avoid big conferences and aim at small ones that have higher chance of acceptance?
How did various Indo-European languages born, grew & used by adaptively, regionally or religiously & subsequently got accepted as (varied) standard?
Can Chlamedia be checked with LAB results?
Could scientific Adam be scientific Eve's descendant?
What is "bhagwa agenda"? What are the various/different bhagwa agendas running within India(n country)? Are all of these/those legal & lawful?
I love math courses more than physics courses, but I want to do research in physics, not mathematics. In what should I major?
What should the course/order of action had been for the Jat et al row? Peaceful protests, govt action, violent uproar, police arrest, law & jail?
Why does everyone say that PhDs become productive in their 3rd and 4th year?
Is engineering accurately represented in basic science journals?
Where can I find scientific studies about children and teenagers raised in same-sex families?
Is it appropriate to ask a Principal Investigator if I will get the chance to collaborate in publication in an interview?
Why did scientists/researchers born in the 1920s and 1930s get their PhDs and academic jobs at such a young age?
Will there ever come a time when we'd have unraveled all secrets and have all scientific knowledge? Will we ever run out of fields to research?
What are the top 10 scientific discoveries that have effected human values?
How does a high schooler go about reading scientific research articles?
What are some essential skills or useful tools that can help do research?
Why is pseudoscience so propagandizing?
What's a more academic version of the argument made by David Graeber's popular social science book, Debt: The First 5,000 Years? Either by him or else.
If brains of insects can be deconstructed and mapped into AI (brains) with a robotic body structure, what field of science and technology is that?
How does one get invited to write a technical or a scientific textbook?
Why is pseudoscience so transgressive?
Are scientific terms same in all languages?
Which lab chemical could easily ruin your entire day?
Computer Vision: What action plan should I make if I want to be a scientific researcher that is influential and contributive to society?
What type of questions do Principal Investigators ask in Interviews?
What is the best time of year to submit an academic paper to a journal?
What is Tirumalai Kamala's personal experience of the difference in the way basic science research is conducted in the USA and India?
How does pseudoscience suppress in (after) life?
What are scientific objectives, if human life becomes secondary to an experiment?
Scientific Research: What are the disadvantages of hook up culture according to research?
Would it be a good idea to participate in a scientific initiation in Python?
Why is pseudoscience so suppressive?
Why does Congress refuse to fund more scientific projects?
What is it like to conduct or participate in studies for a company that wants you to skew the results in their favor?
Jeff Hammerbacher: What datasets do you wish you had to advance your research at Hammer Lab?
I got a rank of 8766 in the VITEEE. I wanted CS but got IT. I am very interested in computer programming. They demand 4.5 lacs PA for a seat in CS through the management quota and my current fees will be about 2 lacs. Is it advisable to continue with IT?
Where can I find scientific papers of famous scientists?
What are NEMS? What do they do?
What are the kind of people or institutions that can help you conduce a scientific research?
What is the worst scientific journal that you've encountered?
What are some examples of major scientific studies that turned out to be fraudulent?
Why don't we apply the scientific method to lawmaking?
Can I write an undergraduate thesis if my university doesn't have an option to?
Are there any research shadowing opportunities for high school students in Chennai?
Does saffronization (of something/anything) come under science or pseudoscience?
How can we stimulate peer reviewing in scientific research?
Is Statistics the grammar of Science?
What are some research articles with good English on Computer Science?
As an undergraduate dental student, how can I make a scientific paper to be published in a magazine or something?
Names and Naming: Is it possible to submit a scientific paper using only your initials?
What do you do when your partner teaches pseudoscience to your child?
What is socio-legal study as a methodology?
What is the best way to read a scientific book?
What is the latest research saying about Raynaud's Phenomenon?
Do you feel like competitive pressures negatively affect your research?
What is it like to be a research specialist at Wharton?
What are good EEG devices for research work in Brain-Computer interface?
Can I put I have reviewed scientific manuscripts on my CV, even if my advisor was assigned them and personally gave them to me for review?
How are the illustrations in Nature Reviews created?
Is it a bad sign to have thoughts of quitting during first few months of your PhD?
How do you raise a kid in scientific and technical approach?
What are the most promising areas of scientific research?
What are the basic equipments required for a UAV research laboratory?
What is the highest-quality scientific report you have ever read?
Who are the famous researchers/scientists who received their PhDs after age 30?
What interesting things have happened in any biological science seminar presentation or paper presentation with you or with anybody?
What is the scientific use of Tracksuits in sports?
What are the most important scientific discoveries that made genetic engineering possible?
What is the best way to explain conflicts of interest, and how they affect information reporting?
What national organizations, conferences, and/or competitions exist for undergraduate innovators in the sciences?
How does pseudoscience transgress in (after) life?
What type of scientific research can you do without a laboratory/facilities? Theories?
What is the best way to ask if your name is going to be on a scientific paper?
What is the best economic way to create an island?
How can I get a drughouse/lab out of my neighborhood?
What are some scientific studies done only for science that have led to real world applications?
What was Anton Pannekoek's scientific work about?
How feasible is a PhD research to develop a model for predicting locations of terrorism/organised crime using network anomalies?
Thorsten Joachims: How can a beginner in machine learning contribute to research topics being pursued by experts in field?
Why did the researchers who detected gravitational waves decide to publish the findings in Physical Review Letters?
What habits/characteristics should one cultivate if one wants to do a Ph.D and have a career in scientific research?
What will happen to the rest of my body after my organs have been harvested?
How does an undergraduate get involved in Mathematics research?
What is the best Diagnostic Laboratory Software?
Are there any examples of scientific outsiders making important contributions to science ?
Could citizens come up with sound scientific theories?
What do you think that Scientific advances, WMDs, together with Religious Fanaticism will result in future?
What are some scientific articles talking about the relatively mild toxicity of elemental mercury?
On what criteria do you score the quality of a scientific experiment?
What are most interesting studies about impact of listening to music while studying on learning process?
How should university departments be structured to best encourage interdisciplinary research?
Is there any alternative method for WBC count in laboratory other than using haemocytometer?
What are different values of Pi (π) [or e for that matter] used in scientific, engineering and military applications?
For the sake of science, how can we support Sci-Hub?
Are mistakes a key to discoveries?
How does pre-publication peer review impact the quality of top academic journals?
How is scientific biominds?
How can I tell if I'm cut out to be a research scientist?
What are the risks and benefits associated with scientific research?
Other than a mathematical equation what evidence is there of other dimensions than what we live in?
How many PhD students manage to have one journal publication every year?
What topics/areas of mathematics do I need to know to learn and do research in artificial intelligence?
Why don't we see much scientific contributions or discoveries coming from the Islamic world?
What are the largest areas of research right now in mathematics?
Andy Weir: After writing such a well researched book on space science did it ever occur to you that you should probably make a career in that field?
Astronomy is seen as the last science where amateurs still can make scientific observations. But has the end come concerning Solar system discoveries?
Scientific research is proposing the concept of multi-universe. Are there religious scripture that agree or disagree to this belief?
What advice would you give to undergraduates aiming to dedicate his/her life to research?
What's the medium in a domino lab?
How do I come up with a good research idea?
Why aren't hadron colliders smaller?
I used Seaweed extract for my thesis. What evidence can I tell to the others that it has NPK?
What are some abstract servers for different fields like adsabs, pubmed, scifinder that offer APIs and open access to abstracts?
How do research scholars manage their time? And how do they come up with new ideas?
What is it like to be a research specialist at Princeton?
What are some good methods to read a research paper in Biomedical Science?
How did you get your first undergraduate research position?
What are the artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms that every computer science student must be aware of?
Computer Science Researchers: What are the best papers you have ever read?
As a grad student how often did you take an off that was longer than 2 weeks. Did you get or expect to get any research done?
How do you design an experiment to test that certain types of relationships are harmful or helpful to a person's health?
Scientific Research: Which Indian institution is the counterpart of National Science Foundation of USA?
Which research group do you think has the most amazing lab web page?
Is it possible to commission someone with the appropriate academic credentials to co-write a theoretical article with you?
What goes into a referee report as part of the peer review process?
What is the most disruptive piece of scientific research that is being generally ignored?
I want to get a chance to research in NASA. The topic is "To find a suitable planet like earth". Can anyone give me the information how to proceed?
What tools or strategies do researchers use to find grants?
What are the best scientific articles about artificial intelligence?
In a software app for searching scientific literature, what information would you like to readily see about each research paper in the search results?
What scientific discoveries has the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research made since it was created in 2000?
Andy Weir: With the recent incredible advancements in science fiction movies, do you think it will pave the way for future scientific research and projects?
If you could have one item from the Fallout universe brought to our universe to be reverse engineered, what would you choose?
How did you get your first undergraduate research opportunity?
How can you be sure about the reputation of a journal to which you are submitting your paper?
What kind of state and federal laboratory licenses does 23&Me have?
When applying for REU, is it helpful for your admission to mention in your application that you know or are related to people involved in research?
What technical/research internships can a sophomore instrumentation undergraduate from Mumbai University get?
Is having a great mentor particularly important in scientific research relative to other career paths?
How much would it challenge current theories if LIGO *hadn't* detected any gravitational waves, after a suitable time?
Can a 501(c)(3) organization award a grant to a for-profit project?
I have enough results for a journal paper. But there is an international conference on the topic soon. Where should I aim to publish my results?
How does one avoid applied research becoming an academic artifact?
What do you need to perform a scientific research with patients on a hospital?
Are there standards for scientific claims?
How is this type of research carried out and how reliable are these numbers?
When will sociology become a science?
What is a good research topic proposal for communication?
Discovery: What are the greatest achievements in Quora in mathematics that can compete the greatest Journals in the word in mathematics?
What are the best lab softwares?
How do you come up with good research paper topics in college?
What type of research method would you use for this study? 
If in any field of research studies unknowns exist can the field of research be considered settled?
